Greek Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis has asked for forgiveness from the families of the 57 victims of this week's train crash.

In a Facebook message, Mr Mitsotakis said that "in the Greece of 2023... two trains heading in different directions cannot run on the same line and no-one notice".

Clashes with police were reported on Sunday as thousands joined a demonstration in the capital Athens.

They said seven officers were hurt and five arrests were made, the AFP news agency reports.

Some demonstrators set fire to rubbish bins and threw petrol bombs. Police responded by firing tear gas and stun grenades, clearing the central Syntagma Square of the protesters within a few minutes.

The protesters also reportedly released hundreds of black balloons into the sky in memory of the dead, with some holding signs reading "Down with killer governments".

On the night of 28 February, a passenger train and a freight train that were travelling in opposite directions ended up on the same track.

The first four carriages of the passenger train were derailed, and the first two caught fire and were almost completely destroyed.

The train crash has been widely attributed to human error.

A 59-year-old station master in Larissa, who was charged with manslaughter by negligence, appeared in court on Sunday and has been taken into custody.

His lawyer Stefanos Pantzartzidis said the station master had admitted to having a share of responsibility in the accident. He faces between 10 years and life in jail if convicted.

But many in Greece see the crash as an accident that had been waiting to happen, and the railway workers' union blamed successive governments' "disrespect" towards Greek railways for leading to this "tragic result".

A government minister told the BBC that the lack of funding was the direct result of the strict terms of international bailouts imposed after the 2010 debt crisis.

The scene of the crash near Larissa

Union members were joined by residents of Athens and Thessaloniki in taking to the streets throughout the past week, shocked by the scale of the disaster. The protests were also attended by many students - several of the passengers on board one of the trains were students in their 20s returning to Thessaloniki after a long weekend celebrating Greek Orthodox Lent.

"The rail network looked problematic, with worn down, badly paid staff," Nikos Savva, a medical student from Cyprus, told AFP news agency.

Train drivers in Greece have said there have been long-running problems with the electronic systems that are supposed to warn them of danger ahead.

The transport minister, Kostas Karamanlis, also resigned as a "sign of respect" for the people who had died. Mr Karamanlis he was taking responsibility for the government's failure to modernise the country's railways in the three-and-a-half years it had been in power.

Immediately after the accident, the Greek government declared three days of national mourning and said the cost of the victims' funerals would be paid for from the public purse.

BBC Europe correspondent Nick Beake says the crash seems to be becoming a defining political issue for Greece as it prepares to face a general election in the spring.

Media reports have given 9 April as a possible date, but analysts say that date may now be pushed back.

DUP Leader says his party is happy to be involved in talks with all political parties

DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson has said he is hopeful of progress in the next few weeks in his talks with the government about restoring Stormont.

He was speaking after parties met the head of the civil service Jayne Brady.

Sir Jeffrey said discussions have reached an "important stage".

He added what happens then will determine of the government will be able to meet his party's demands on the protocol and "be able to deliver what is required" to restore the Executive.

He said his party's priority remained getting the solutions it needed on the Northern Ireland protocol which he said was continuing to cause harm.

The DUP collapsed power-sharing in February 2022 in protest against post-Brexit trading arrangements.

He added that his party was happy to be involved in conversations around how to ease the budgetary pressures "if and when" the Executive was restored.

Sinn Féin's Conor Murphy says there was "consensus" within the Stormont parties that they need support with the ongoing financial pressures.

Sinn Féin's Conor Murphy says there is an elephant in the room around the DUP getting back to work

But Mr Murphy questioned "the elephant in the room" around when the DUP would get back to work.

He said: "We are doing preparation work for negotiations that might not happen."

He added that the financial situation in regards to public funding was getting worse not better.

This is the first hint of a timeline in the DUP's talks with the government.

According to the party leader we are reaching an "important stage" in the next few weeks and he is hopeful of progress.

That will coincide with a meeting of the UK and Irish governments in London hosted by Secretary of State Chris Heaton-Harris.

Could that be the moment when the government sets out its legislative plan to deal with the DUPs protocol concerns?

The government will be keen to pass any legislation before Westminster breaks for the summer recess on 20 July.

But don't expect a quick decision from the DUP.

The party may want assurances around a financial package to help plug Stormont's £1.1bn black hole.

They may also decide to reserve judgement until the new arrangements agreed in Windsor Framework are put into operation in October.

UUP leader Doug Beattie says the pace of executive restoration is ramping up

Ulster Unionist Party leader Doug Beattie said the pace towards the return of a Stormont executive is being "ramped up".

He said the all-party talks with the head of the civil service were positive.

Mr Beattie said those around the table talked about "when" the Executive is restored.

He said talks focused on the financial ask of the treasury to plug the £1.1bn black hole in Stormont's finances.

Alliance MP Stephen Farry says serious work is being done to move forward

Alliance MP Stephen Farry said that the talks and the progress being made should not be seen as a barrier to getting the Executive back up and running again.

But he added the talks on Thursday were a positive sign and that "serious work" was being done to put together a plan from the parties for the UK government on moving forward.

Mr Farry said: "There is some degree of momentum building in this process but it's still early days."

Sir Jeffrey also criticised Sinn Féin MP John Finucane over his planned attendance at an IRA commemoration at the weekend in Armagh.

He said his "attendance was wrong on so many levels".

He added they were "building a fun day around celebrating volunteers who were one of the most feared killing machines in Northern Ireland during the troubles"

He urged Sinn Féin to think again about its involvement this weekend and to think of the impact on the victims families who still carry the hurt and pain.

Sinn Féin has previously said that "everyone has the right to remember their dead".

This year's Glastonbury festival is off to a rocking start as thousands of festival-goers party in the summer sun.

Arctic Monkeys are headlining the iconic Pyramid stage on Friday night, mystery act the ChurnUps have been revealed as Foo Fighters to the delight of crowds and elsewhere Worthy Farm's visitors have been entertained by Texas, Gabriels, Flo and many more music acts from around the world.

We are pausing our live coverage of Travis King, the US soldier who crossed the border from South Korea to the North without authorisation.

It's still unclear why he fled to North Korea. Pentagon officials are investigating the incident, and have said his safety is Washington's top concern.

There has been radio silence from Pyongyang and behind the scenes, officials are desperately trying to open communication lines.

We've learned from local media in the last few hours that King served two months in a South Korean jail on assault charges and was released on 10 July.

His mum has also told US television that she couldn't believe what her son what had done, and wished he was home in the US safe.

Our writers on this page were Kelly Ng in Singapore and Ali Abbas Ahmadi in London, with editing by Ayeshea Perera and Joel Guinto.

The report was carried out by the Northern Ireland Human Rights Commission

Some schools in Northern Ireland are teaching pupils that homosexuality is wrong in relationships and sex education (RSE).

A Northern Ireland Human Rights Commission (NIHRC) report said "many schools use language that shames and stigmatises young people" who had sex.

Some told pupils that those who "engage in casual sex must bear the consequences of their actions".

The NIHRC investigated schools policies on the teaching of RSE.

The detailed investigation found most schools were not providing "age-appropriate, comprehensive and scientifically accurate education on access to abortion services".

"Some schools actively contributed to the shame and stigma surrounding unplanned pregnancy and abortion, by making statements such as 'abortion is not a means of contraception and those who knowingly engage in casual sex must bear the consequences of their actions'," the NIHRC report said.

It also said about two-thirds of post-primaries promoted abstinence in their sex education policies.

One school's policy stated that "sexual abstinence before marriage and fidelity within it, will be presented as the positive and desirable option and an achievable reality".

The commission recommended that schools should be monitored to ensure sex education is taught in "an objective and non-judgemental manner".

That should include "detailed assessments of the content and delivery of lesson plans".

The NIHRC was established following the Good Friday Agreement.

It has the power to conduct investigations and compel evidence.

Its investigation into relationships and sex education focused mainly on legal and policy matters but it also made recommendations on delivery of the subject in schools.

About three-quarters (149) of post-primaries in Northern Ireland provided evidence to the commission's investigation and 124 provided their RSE policies.

Some schools provided lesson plans and teaching notes, and experts were also consulted by the commission.

Speaking about the findings, NIHRC chief commissioner, Alyson Kilpatrick told Good Morning Ulster that "an awful lot more needed to be done by a majority of schools in relation to age appropriate, comprehensive, scientifically accurate education and sexual reproductive health and rights".

"The Department for Education needs to work with schools, consult with parents and children, to work out what the appropriate content should be and that it is delivered properly," said Ms Kilpatrick.

In 2018, the United Nations Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination Against Women (CEDAW) said RSE in Northern Ireland should be compulsory and comprehensive.

As a result, the Northern Ireland Secretary Chris Heaton-Harris recently laid new regulations in parliament making teaching topics like abortion and prevention of pregnancy compulsory in schools in Northern Ireland.

He said he had a legal duty to act on the recommendations made in the CEDAW report.

But the change has been criticised by Protestant and Catholic church leaders.

The NIHRC investigation into RSE was carried out before Mr Heaton-Harris's move.

But the commission said that there must be monitoring to "ensure that schools are meeting their new obligations".

"It's very easy to have a policy or to have a list of things you are going to teach, but it is the actual teaching of them and the way in which they are taught which is so influential," said Ms Kilpatrick.

At present, each school in Northern Ireland has to teach sex education but can decide what to teach "based on the ethos of their school," according to Department of Education (DE) guidance.

The NIHRC said that the majority of schools who submitted their RSE policy to the investigation "still promoted the value of the 'sanctity of marriage'", and related terms, such as "permanent committed sexual relationship", and "married love" in their RSE policies and school ethos.

"In addition to this idealisation and promotion of abstinence, marriage, and monogamy, many schools use language that shames and stigmatises young people who do engage in sexual practices," the report continued.

"Most schools also contributed to this association of shame with sexual activity, by attributing specific moral values and personal characteristics to those who engaged (or did not engage) in sexual behaviour."

The NIHRC said about two-thirds of post-primaries taught pupils about contraception, but it was difficult to know if they offered accurate information.

In their RSE policies, some schools stated that "they will present the Catholic teaching that 'the use of any artificial means of preventing procreation is not acceptable'," the report said.

"Some schools even outline their beliefs that "homosexuality" is wrong," in their polices, the NIHRC said.

"For example, one [school] writes that 'the belief that homosexual acts are against the nature and purpose of human relationships will be presented to pupils'," the report continued.

One third of schools who provided information to the NIHRC said their school would teach pupils that "heterosexual relationships was the 'main' or 'ideal' context for sexual intimacy".

The report also said most schools "indirectly contribute to the societal victim-blaming and slut-shaming of women and girls."

It said this was because they focused on how young people could stop themselves becoming victims of sexual abuse or violence, rather than challenging the perpetrators.

The NIHRC said that while their investigation showed some schools provided "comprehensive and scientifically accurate" relationship and sex education, the majority in Northern Ireland did not.

The commission concluded that the case for reforming the RSE curriculum was "compelling".

It provided 13 recommended reforms, including schools involving their students in drawing up RSE policies.

This year's Glastonbury festival is off to a rocking start as thousands of festival-goers party in the summer sun.

Arctic Monkeys are headlining the iconic Pyramid stage on Friday night, mystery act the ChurnUps have been revealed as Foo Fighters to the delight of crowds and elsewhere Worthy Farm's visitors have been entertained by Texas, Gabriels, Flo and many more music acts from around the world.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch Catherine, Princess of Wales, appear in surprise Eurovision cameo

Catherine, Princess of Wales, made a surprise appearance playing the piano during the opening performance of Eurovision.

She played an instrumental piece, created by Joe Price and Kojo Samuel, recorded in Windsor Castle's Crimson Drawing Room earlier this month.

She wore a blue Jenny Packham dress and earrings belonging to the late queen.

The 10-second clip appeared in a performance by last year's winners Kalush Orchestra.

That performance also included contributions from Lord Lloyd-Webber, Sam Ryder, Ms Banks, Ballet Black, Bolt Strings and Joss Stone.

The opening Eurovision film showed Kalush Orchestra performing their winning entry Stefania, from the Maidan Nezalezhnosti metro station in Kyiv.

Sweden's Loreen won the competition for the second time with her pop anthem Tattoo.

The UK's entrant, Mae Muller, failed to replicate the success of Sam Ryder last year and finished in 25th place, out of 26.

Sweden's victory means it will host next year's event, which will mark the 50th anniversary of Abba's historic victory with Waterloo in 1974.

The instrumental piece was recorded in the Crimson Drawing Room of Windsor Castle

The princess, who has grade three piano and grade five theory, previously accompanied pop star Tom Walker on piano while he sang his previously unheard Christmas song For Those Who Can't Be Here during a 2021 carol service she hosted at Westminster Abbey.

The service, which was broadcast on ITV on Christmas Eve that year, paid tribute to the work of "inspirational" people who served their communities during the pandemic.

Madonna has said she is "on the road to recovery" in her first statement since a bacterial infection left her in a hospital's intensive care unit.

On social media, the singer said "my focus now is my health" and thanked her fans for their "positive energy".

The star, 64, said: "I assure you, I'll be back with you as soon as I can!"

The pop star said her current plan was to reschedule her forthcoming North American concerts and begin her Celebration Tour in the UK in October.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Madonna This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

In the statement, she wrote: "Thank you for your positive energy, prayers and words of healing and encouragement. I have felt your love.

"I'm on the road to recovery and incredibly grateful for all the blessings in my life.

"My first thought when I woke up in the hospital was my children.

"My second thought was that I did not want to disappoint anyone who bought tickets for my tour. I also didn't want to let down the people who worked tirelessly with me over the last few months to create my show. I hate to disappoint anyone.

"My focus now is my health and getting stronger and I assure you, I'll be back with you as soon as I can!

"The current plan is to reschedule the North American leg of the tour and to begin in October in Europe."

She had been due to start the greatest hits tour in Canada on Saturday, 15 July. The European leg is scheduled to begin with four nights at London's O2 Arena from 14 October.

She finished her statement by saying: "I couldn't be more grateful for your care and support."

It comes two weeks after her manager Guy Oseary revealed the star had developed a "serious bacterial infection" on 24 June, which led to "a several day stay in the ICU".

At the time, he said she would "need to pause all commitments, which includes the tour".

Madonna's greatest hits span several decades - including Into The Groove (1985), Like A Prayer (1989), to Vogue (1990) and Hung Up (2005) to name a few.

In announcing the tour back in January, she told fans: "I am excited to explore as many songs as possible in hopes to give my fans the show they have been waiting for."

It is likely that she was in the final stages of a rehearsal regime when she became ill.

She called off a number of shows in her more experimental, theatre-based Madame X tour in 2019 and 2020 because of knee and hip injuries.

John McKenna played for Scotby Football Club in Carlisle, who have paid tribute to him

Tributes have been paid to a popular footballer who died after apparently falling from a hotel balcony in Ibiza.

John McKenna, 22, from Carlisle, Cumbria, had been on holiday when the tragedy happened on Friday at about 11:00 local time (10:00 BST).

The Scotby FC player, an electrician, is reported to have fallen from the third floor of his San Antonio hotel.

His Sunday league club said it had "lost a legend, a brilliant player but an even better person".

It added that he would be "never forgotten but loved always. RIP big John."

Friend and former Carlisle United player Josh Dixon, who went to school with Mr McKenna, also paid tribute and said he was "absolutely heartbroken".

"One of my closest mates all the way through school," he wrote.

"Wherever you went you would put a smile on someone's face, will be a huge miss to us all. Rest easy big man."

Flowers have been left outside the club's pavilion, alongside a football shirt.

Scotby FC has received messages of support from other teams across the league

The Cumberland Football Association said it was "so sorry to hear this tragic news".

"Our thoughts are with John's family and friends as well as his teammates in the AFC Scotby family at this time and always".

Clubs from the Carlisle City Premier Sunday League have also sent their condolences, as well as other teams from the county.

The UK Foreign Office said it was supporting the family of a British man who died in Ibiza and was in touch with the Spanish island's authorities.

An investigation is continuing into what happened, which is being led by the Civil Guard.

Follow BBC North East & Cumbria on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Send your story ideas to northeastandcumbria@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Kim Jong Un, seen here in 2017, is known to be a heavy smoker

British American Tobacco is to pay $635m (£512m) plus interest to US authorities after a subsidiary admitted selling cigarettes to North Korea in violation of sanctions.

The US authorities said the settlement related to BAT activity in North Korea between 2007 and 2017.

BAT's head Jack Bowles said "we deeply regret the misconduct".

The US has imposed severe sanctions on North Korea over its nuclear and ballistic missile activities.

Tuesday's settlement was between BAT and America's Department of Justice (DOJ) and the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control.

BAT is one of the world's largest tobacco multinationals and one of the UK's 10 biggest companies. It owns major cigarette brands including Lucky Strike, Dunhill and Pall Mall.

In a statement, BAT said it had entered into a "deferred prosecution agreement with DOJ and a civil settlement agreement with OFAC, and an indirect BAT subsidiary in Singapore has entered into a plea agreement with DOJ".

The DOJ said BAT had also conspired to defraud financial institutions in order to get them to process transactions on behalf of North Korean entities.

North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is known to be a heavy smoker. Last year the US attempted to get the UN Security Council to ban tobacco exports to North Korea, but this was vetoed by Russia and China.

At a briefing on Tuesday, the DOJ's assistant Attorney General Matthew Olsen said the settlement was the "culmination of a long-running investigation", describing it as "the single largest North Korean sanctions penalty in the history of the Department of Justice".

He said that BAT was engaged in an "elaborate scheme to circumvent US sanctions and sell tobacco products to North Korea" via subsidiaries.

"Between 2007 and 2017 these third-party companies sold tobacco products to North Korea and received approximately $428m."

Criminal charges were also revealed against North Korean banker Sim Hyon-Sop, 39, and Chinese facilitators Qin Guoming, 60, and Han Linlin, 41, for facilitating sales of tobacco to North Korea.

A $5m (£4.4m) bounty was put for any information leading to the arrest or conviction of Mr Sim, and $500,000 (£402,905) rewards for each of the other two suspects.

They were accused of buying leaf tobacco for North Korean state-owned cigarette makers and falsifying documents to trick US banks into processing transactions worth $74m. North Korean manufacturers including one owned by the military made about $700m thanks to these deals.

Pyongyang has for years faced multiple rounds of tough sanctions in response to its ballistic missile launches and nuclear tests.

However that has not deterred Mr Kim from continuing to develop the country's weapons programme.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The Birmingham to Crewe leg of high speed railway HS2 will be delayed by two years to cut costs.

The government suggested Euston station's opening could also be delayed as an "affordable" design is worked on.

Transport secretary Mark Harper blamed soaring prices and said he was "committed" to the line linking London, the Midlands and North of England.

HS2 has been beset by delays and cost rises. In 2010, it was expected to cost £33bn but is now expected to be £71bn.

Mr Harper said "significant inflationary pressure" and increased project costs meant the government was to "rephase construction by two years".

He said the decision had been "difficult" but that it was part of "controlling inflation and reducing government debt".

Mark Thurston, chief executive of HS2 Ltd, recently told the BBC that he and the government were examining the phasing of the build and the timing.

John Foster from business group CBI said the delay would harm investor confidence in the rail sector.

"Delays to projects may create short-term savings, but they can ultimately lead to higher overall costs and slow down the UK's transition to a better, faster and greener transport network," Mr Foster added.

Labour said the decision to pause the HS2 at Birmingham was "astonishing".

Shadow Transport Secretary Louise Haigh said the party had committed to delivering HS2 in full if it gets into government, and to partly funding the work by its green prosperity plan.

The head of the Northern Powerhouse Partnership, Henri Murison, said the delay was "disappointing" and "holds back economic benefits".

The project is grappling with the rising cost of materials due to the high rate of inflation.

The government hopes that the delays will allow it to spread the cost over a longer period of time, making it more affordable by reducing annual expenditure.

Chancellor Jeremy Hunt, who will outline his Budget next week, wants debt to fall as a percentage of GDP within five years - a target explicitly set by the Prime Minister.

Michael Fabricant, Conservative MP for Lichfield in Staffordshire, which contains part of the HS2 line, said he would ask the government whether the delay "marks the end of HS2 north of Birmingham for good and whether HS2 will make good the damage already done in southern Staffordshire".

He added: "Simply saying the project is delayed is not good enough. The area has been blighted by whole fields turned into construction sites."

Last week, Mr Thurston said the impact of inflation had been "significant" in the past year, affecting the costs of raw material, labour, energy and fuel.

"We're looking at the timing of the project, the phasing of the project, we're looking at where we can use our supply chain to secure a lot of those things that are costing us more through inflation," he said.

HS2 trains are scheduled to carry the first passengers between Old Oak Common station in West London and Birmingham, between 2029 and 2033.

Euston station in London is currently scheduled to open later, by 2035. Further stretches to Crewe and then to Manchester are due by 2034 and 2041.

Most of the HS2 leg to Leeds was scrapped in 2021.

Buzzfeed is to close its news site and cut its workforce by 15%, chief executive Jonah Peretti has said.

It comes as the digital media company faces serious financial challenges, including a slump in advertising spending.

Calling the decisions "deeply painful", Mr Peretti said he could not invest more in the unprofitable news site.

He said the firm would focus on delivering news via the HuffPost, which Buzzfeed took over two years ago.

"Our industry is hurting and ready to be reborn," he said in a memo to staff. "We are taking great pains today, and will begin to fight our way to a bright future."

Founded in 2006, Buzzfeed was once one of the trendiest names in online media, known for its quizzes and viral content, as well as a serious news operation.

But the firm, which employed more than 1,300 people globally at the end of last year, has shifted away from news, as bringing in ad revenue and audiences became more difficult and other lines of business, such as producing custom content, grew more quickly.

It listed on the stock exchange in 2021, but raised far less money than it had hoped.

"While layoffs are occurring across nearly every division, we've determined that the company can no longer continue to fund BuzzFeed News as a standalone organization," Mr Peretti wrote to staff.

Many other advertising-reliant companies, including media firms and tech giants such as Facebook's owner Meta, have been making job cuts in recent months, while investors have been forced to reassess the values of upstart news ventures such as Vice News and Vox Media. News company Insider also revealed plans on Thursday to reduce its workforce by 10% or about 95 jobs.

Mr Peretti said his company, which will continue to operate HuffPost, its food brand Tasty, Complex Networks, and its namesake website, had faced wider challenges but he also blamed himself.

He said he had been "slow to accept" the difficulties of making money from online news with distribution dominated by big tech platforms. The firm should have generated more revenue after acquiring Complex in 2021, which runs the music site Complex and other brands, he added.

"I could have managed these changes better as the CEO of this company and our leadership team could have performed better despite these circumstances." he said.

In her own memo to staff, parts of which she shared on social media, Buzzfeed News editor-in-chief Karolina Waclawiak said the company should have tried to build a business around its news site earlier, describing the closure as "avoidable".

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Karolina Waclawiak This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

She said the failure was indicative of a wider crisis in journalism and she feared the results if subscription-based news models were the only ones that survive.

"The implication is that only people who can afford to pay for it will have access to high quality information while everyone else will need to parse through the rampant misinformation that is widely shared across social platforms," she wrote. "The consequences of this are dire."

Buzzfeed had already announced several rounds of layoffs in recent years, including one in December that affected roughly 170 people or 12% of staff.

The latest cuts involve about 180 jobs. Buzzfeed said it expected to incur $7m (£5.6m) - $11m (£8.8m) in severance and other charges connected to the move.

Some of the news staff may find roles in other parts of the firm, the company said.

Shares fell 20% on Thursday on the news, reducing Buzzfeed's market value to about $100m (£80m) - a fraction of the more than $1.5bn (£1.2bn) valuation investors were reportedly discussing just two years ago.
• None Online news site Buzzfeed to take over HuffPost

Former BBC Radio 1 DJ Tim Westwood has been questioned twice under police caution over five alleged sex offences.

In a statement, the Metropolitan Police confirmed they are now investigating five accusations of offences alleged to have happened between 1982 and 2016.

Detectives say they interviewed a 65-year-old man under caution on 15 March and 4 April. There has been no arrest.

It comes after BBC News and the Guardian uncovered allegations from 18 women. He denied those allegations.

In April last year, a number of women accused the former Radio 1 DJ of predatory and unwanted sexual behaviour and touching, in incidents between 1992 and 2017.

They also accused him of abusing his position in the music industry. Some of the women told us they encountered Mr Westwood when they were under 18. One says that she was only 14 when Mr Westwood first had sex with her.

The DJ stepped down from his Capital Xtra radio show after the allegations emerged.

Last August the BBC launched an external inquiry into what the corporation did and did not know about Tim Westwood's conduct during his nearly 20 years working there. That inquiry is still ongoing.

BBC News has attempted to contact Mr Westwood for comment.

Have you been affected by the issues raised in this story? You can share your experiences anonymously by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Remembering Dame Deborah James: 'One of those special people'

The cancer campaigner, blogger, broadcaster and former teacher, Dame Deborah James, has died aged 40.

She had been receiving end-of-life care for bowel cancer at home and had raised millions for cancer research.

The host of the BBC's You, Me and the Big C podcast was given a damehood in May in recognition of her fundraising.

Dame Deborah, a mother of two, was diagnosed with bowel cancer in 2016. Her family described her as "amazing" and an "inspiration".

They announced her death in a post on her Instagram page. "We are deeply saddened to announce the death of Dame Deborah James; the most amazing wife, daughter, sister, mummy," it said.

She passed away peacefully surrounded by her family.

Her family said Dame Deborah shared her experience of cancer to "raise awareness, break down barriers, challenge taboos and change the conversation around cancer".

"Even in her most challenging moments, her determination to raise money and awareness was inspiring."

Dame Deborah was praised for her no-nonsense approach to talking about cancer, having shared her experiences of treatment and daily life since her diagnosis in 2016.

A deputy head teacher, she started a cancer blog, before writing for the Sun and becoming a BBC broadcaster.

But on 9 May she announced that she was no longer receiving active care and did not know how long she had left.

"My body just can't continue any more," she said in a post on her @bowelbabe Instagram account.

She also launched a new fund, called the Bowelbabe fund, to raise money for research into personalised medicine for cancer patients.

It surpassed £1m in less than 24 hours - smashing her initial goal of £250,000 - and has now raised almost £7m.

In May, she was given a damehood by Prince William at her parents' home in Woking, Surrey, where she had chosen to stay.

The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge - who donated to the research fund - praised her "tireless efforts" and thanked her for "giving hope" to those living with the disease.

For her part, Dame Deborah said William's visit was "surreal".

"You can imagine the cleaning antics and preparation went off the scale - but it was all irrelevant because William was so kind," she said.

The money raised through her Bowelbabe fund will support Cancer Research UK, Bowel Cancer UK and the Royal Marsden Hospital - a specialist cancer treatment facility.

Bowel Cancer UK, of which Dame Deborah was a patron, said she had turned her bowel cancer diagnosis "into an incredible force for good" and would save countless lives through her campaigning.

Genevieve Edwards, chief executive of Bowel Cancer UK, said the former teacher had an "incredible energy" and a "marvellous knack of making things happen".

Paying tribute to the presenter's awareness-raising work, Ms Edwards said: "She had this incredible power to connect with people. She leaves a tremendous legacy behind her".

Dame Deborah campaigned to raise awareness about bowel cancer, urging people to check for symptoms, during and after her treatment.

Following one operation, while in an anaesthetic daze, she ordered a poo costume online - which she would wear while recording her podcast.

Signing off her final podcast in May, she said: "Check your poo. Come on. I can't leave on any other word apart from check your poo.

"I still have images of me dancing in poo outfits everywhere. So maybe I should leave on that final word. Check your poo."

Regular bowel cancer screening is available to everyone aged 60-74 and this programme is expanding to include everyone aged 50-59. This expansion is happening gradually over four years and started in April last year.

People in England aged 60-74 who are registered with a GP are automatically sent an NHS bowel cancer screening kit every two years.

If you are outside this age group, you should still be aware of what bowel cancer symptoms are and visit your GP if you have any concerns.

Prime Minister Boris Johnson described her as "an inspiration to so many", while Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said her charity work was "truly inspirational... even in the most challenging moments".

The director general of the BBC, Tim Davie said she was a "true inspiration" and the way she talked about cancer "moved the nation, inspired change and undoubtedly saved lives".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Deborah James "can't really do anything more" to fight cancer

Dame Deborah co-hosted You, Me and the Big C with Rachael Bland and Lauren Mahon

Dame Deborah began co-presenting You, Me and the Big C alongside Lauren Mahon and BBC Radio 5 Live newsreader Rachael Bland in 2018, with the show earning praise for its frank discussion of cancer.

They spoke to celebrity guests and addressed practical matters, including hair loss, tips for dealing with finances and telling your nearest and dearest about illnesses.

Bland died aged 40 in September 2018, two years after being diagnosed with breast cancer.

BBC 5 Live presenter Tony Livesey, who was a friend of Dame Deborah and did her final broadcast interview earlier this month, said the campaigner was "one of the most remarkable women I've ever met".

"All the fame she's had was a by-product of just the work she wanted to do to save one life," he told BBC Radio 4's Today programme.

BBC News presenter George Alagiah, who is living with bowel cancer, recalled speaking to Dame Deborah at the Royal Marsden Hospital.

Mr Alagiah told BBC Radio 4's Today Programme the campaigner answered his questions about the symptoms he might experience with the illness.

The newsreader said he was struck by Dame Deborah's "sheer generosity" and that their chat was "typical of what I now know she was capable of doing and did for so many others".

Speaking on BBC Breakfast, Lucie Kon, a BBC producer and friend of Dame Deborah, called the podcast host "the most amazing human out of anyone I know" and said she would be "alive in my mind forever".

Lucie said Dame Deborah showed that cancer does not have to be a "life sentence", and that the 40-year-old "didn't want to be a victim".

Dame Deborah's first book, called F*** You Cancer: How to face the big C, live your life and still be yourself, was published in 2018.

Her second book, How To Live When You Could Be Dead, is due to be released on 18 August.

This Instagram post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Instagram The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip instagram post by bowelbabe This article contains content provided by Instagram. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Meta’s Instagram cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Have you been affected by issues covered in this story? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

A decision to quash a Department of Health policy on paying for care costs in nursing homes has been welcomed by the NI commissioner for older people.

The commissioner, Eddie Lynch, was reacting to a decision by High Court judge Mr Justice Scoffield.

The judge ruled the department failed to properly consider the impact on elderly people who could potentially lose life savings to meet health costs.

He said it had been responsible for a "plain dereliction in its duty".

The commissioner, Mr Lynch, took a judicial review on behalf of Robin McMinnis.

The 75-year-old, who is quadriplegic and has complex medical needs, has been paying for his care while living in a Belfast nursing home.

The Continuing Healthcare Policy relates to the assessment of whether a person's needs can be met in a hospital which will not cost anything or is social-care related which could incur costs.

The judicial review highlighted that the criteria and threshold for when a person should pay for their care is unclear and operates differently between each health trust.

Eddie Lynch said the High Court ruling was a win for older people

All older people with assets worth more than £23,250 have to pay for their social care.

A change to the policy, introduced in February 2021, uses a single criteria question where people are asked: "Can your care needs be met properly in any other setting other than a hospital?"

Those people who are placed in a nursing home have to pay, while others who say they cannot go to a nursing home instead have their care paid for while in hospital.

The judge ruled that Mr McMinnis was unfairly refused the funding and ordered the Belfast Trust to reconsider his application.

He said he also proposed "to quash the decision of the department to adopt the 2021 policy".

Mr McMinnis said it had been "a long journey for me personally over the past six years with many setbacks".

"It has been a matter of principle for me, knowing that many others have been disqualified or were unaware of the Continuing Healthcare Policy," he continued.

Reacting to the judgement, Mr Lynch said he was delighted for Mr McMinnis.

"This is also a win for the many older people who have contacted my office over the past number of years in relation to issues with continuing healthcare assessments, all of whom will now be entitled to receive the fair assessment they deserve," he said.

On Tuesday he told BBC's Good Morning Ulster the ruling shows the system "was not fit for purpose".

"The bottom line here was older people were being failed by the system," the commissioner said.

"Older people whose costs should have been picked up by the NHS were paying for their care.

"People were left high and dry, people who were entitled to this [financial] support because the system was not set up properly to give them a fair assessment."

He said this ruling "overturns and quashes a policy that was ageist".

Mr Lynch said now that the policy has been quashed, the onus is on the Department of Health to "come up with a policy that treats people fairly".

The department said it "will be considering the judgement, before deciding on next steps".

King Charles and Queen Camilla have been crowned in a ceremony steeped in tradition and symbolism inside Westminster Abbey.

You will be able to catch up on the Coronation Ceremony on BBC iPlayer, but the BBC's coverage will continue throughout the bank holiday weekend.

Here's a guide to following the events.

A live stream and live page with coverage and analysis of The Coronation Big Lunch is continuing on Sunday morning on bbc.co.uk/news.

Live TV coverage started at 12.30 with Coronation: The UK celebrates, a 90-minute special on BBC One, BBC iPlayer and BBC News reflecting gatherings and parties all around the country.

At 20:00, the Coronation Concert will be broadcast live from Windsor Castle on BBC One, BBC iPlayer, BBC Radio 2 and BBC Sounds. It will be hosted by Hugh Bonneville and feature performances from British pop group Take That, international superstar Lionel Richie, pop icon Katy Perry and opera star Andrea Bocelli.

Kirsty Young will anchor the live coverage for BBC TV and BBC iPlayer and Clara Amfo and Jordan Banjo will be backstage with the artists.

The concert will see a world-class orchestra play a host of musical favourites and will also feature, for the first time ever, a joint performance from The Royal Ballet, The Royal Opera House, the Royal Shakespeare Company, The Royal College of Music and The Royal College of Art.

Local radio in England is joining teams from around the country to hear how they are marking the historic weekend.

In Scotland, BBC Radio Nan Gaidheal is covering the events in Gaelic.

BBC Radio Wales will broadcast King and Country: How Wales made a monarch, on how being Prince of Wales meant more than a title to Charles, and the work he did in business, culture and conservation.

BBC Radio Ulster/ Foyle have scheduled programmes in the lead-up to and on the Coronation weekend, reflecting local views on the occasion. These will include a special Gardeners' Corner programme.

Read the latest from our royal correspondent Sean Coughlan - sign up here.

Chinese-owned video streaming app TikTok says it will offer text-only posts as competition between social media giants heats up.

The platform says the new feature gives users "another way to express themselves".

Earlier this month, TikTok launched a new music streaming service to rival platforms like Spotify and Apple Music.

And on Monday, Elon Musk's Twitter ditched its famous blue bird logo and switched to a black and white X.

TikTok users will now be offered three options on the app - whether to post photos, videos or text.

They will also be able to customise posts by adding sound, location or Duets, which are video reactions to posts by other TikTok users.

"These features make it so your text posts are just as dynamic and interactive as any video or photo post," TikTok said.

TikTok, which is owned by China's ByteDance, recently launched a new music streaming service, TikTok Music, in Brazil and Indonesia.

Last week, the company also rolled out a beta version of the service in Singapore, Mexico and Australia.

A spokesman said it would allow users to "listen, share and download the music they have discovered on TikTok, as well as share their favourite tracks and artists with their TikTok community".

The app is testing other features including a new landscape mode with select users around the world.

In 2021, TikTok became the world's most popular online destination as it had more hits than US search engine giant Google.

That year, the app also said it had more than one billion active users globally.

Competition between rival social media firms - such as Instagram owner Meta and X, Mr Musk's rebranded Twitter platform - have heated up in recent weeks.

This month, Meta's new Threads platform went live on Apple and Android app stores in 100 countries, including the UK.

Meta boss Mark Zuckerberg later said his company's Threads platform had signed up more than 100 million users in less than five days.

Also this week, the blue bird branding on social network Twitter was replaced by a logo featuring a white X on a black background.

The term tweets will also be changed to "x's", according to Mr Musk.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Two Greek air force pilots have died after a plane crashed while fighting wildfires on the Greek island of Evia, officials say.

The water-bombing plane crashed while battling a forest fire near Platanistos, the defence ministry said.

The pilots were named as 34-year-old Cdr Christos Moulas and his co-pilot, 27-year-old Pericles Stefanidis.

An intense European heatwave has also sparked wildfires across Sicily, Algeria and Tunisia.

Greek TV showed the Canadair aircraft flying low to drop water on a fire before turning sharply into a hillside and bursting into flames.

State broadcaster ERT said the plane crashed over the town of Karystos on the island, where a fire was burning.

The plane was among at least three other aircraft and about 100 firefighters tackling fires on Evia.

Defence Minister Nikos Dendias said the pilots lost their lives "in the line of duty... while attempting to protect the lives and property of citizens, as well as the environment of our country".

A three-day mourning period has been declared in the Greek armed forces, the defence ministry said.

Rescuers at the site of the plane crash after a water drop in Platanistos on the island of Evia, Greece

Emergency teams were fighting flames non-stop on dozens of fronts on Tuesday, Greek government minister Vassilis Kikilias said.

Crete, the largest Greek island, has been put on high alert, with residents warned there is an "extreme risk" of fire.

More evacuation flights are taking place from Rhodes, while more than 20,000 people have been evacuated from homes and resorts in recent days.

An international panel of scientists has said the current conditions could not possibly have happened without human-caused climate change.

Elsewhere in the Mediterranean, the Italian island of Sicily has been battling fires overnight after weeks of record-breaking temperatures.

Local media warned that the city of Palermo was "encircled" by fires, including a blaze that forced the temporary closure of Palermo airport on Tuesday.

Northern Italy has been reeling from violent storms and high winds that have uprooted trees and lifted roofs off buildings.

In some places, tennis ball-sized hailstones injured people, damaged cars and destroyed crops.

Firefighters are battling flames near the village of Vati on the island of Rhodes in Greece

Algeria has also been battling to control wildfires along its Mediterranean coast that have killed at least 34 people.

A number of people suffered burn injuries and smoke inhalation, while more than 1,500 were evacuated from fires in 16 provinces.

An outbreak of 97 fires had mostly been brought under control, but 13 were still raging on Tuesday afternoon, the interior ministry said.

In neighbouring Tunisia, where temperatures up to 49C (120F) were recorded, officials said authorities were investigating the causes of forest fires that had broken out across the country in recent days.

One of the most severe fires in Maloula, near the Algerian border, has been brought under control after thousands were evacuated.

A forestry official has called for anyone found to have started the fires deliberately to be prosecuted "with an iron fist".

Could powerful heatwaves and summer wildfires, which have devastated communities and displaced tourists in Greece, become the new normal in Europe?

Zakhar Prilepin is one of Russia's most celebrated authors and a veteran supporter of ultranationalist politics

A Russian pro-war writer who was seriously injured in a car bombing said he would not be intimidated by the apparent attempt on his life.

Zakhar Prilepin, a vehement supporter of Russia's campaign in Ukraine, said he survived because he was driving.

The bomb was under the passenger seat, and killed his friend Alexander Shubin, he wrote in a Telegram post.

Investigators claim that a suspect, Alexander Permyakov, has admitted working for Ukraine.

Initial reports suggested that Prilepin had been in the passenger seat and his driver had been killed, but Prilepin said he had been driving himself.

The explosion broke both his legs, he said - and added that he had dropped off his daughter "five minutes before".

"You will not intimidate anyone," he warned those behind the attack. "Thanks to everyone who prayed, because it should have been impossible to survive such an explosion," he added.

The prize-winning author and veteran of Moscow's bloody wars in Chechnya is one of Russia's most celebrated writers, and before 2014 was a vocal critic of President Vladimir Putin.

But in recent years Prilepin - long known for his involvement in Russian ultranationalist politics - has seemingly reconciled with Mr Putin and become a strident supporter of the Ukraine invasion.

The 47-year-old has admitted fighting alongside pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine and has called for the "return of Kyiv to Russia".

Last year a group founded by Prilepin called on officials to "purge the cultural space" of all who oppose the conflict.

Russia's Investigative Committee (SK), which handles serious crimes including terrorism, accuses Alexander Permyakov of having detonated a remote-controlled bomb, wrecking Prilepin's Audi.

The bomb was allegedly planted on the road and detonated remotely

The SK says he was caught in a neighbouring village. The region is more than 425km (265 miles) east of Moscow.

He "admitted doing an assignment for the Ukrainian secret services", the SK alleges.

The partisan group Atesh, which is made up of Ukrainians and Crimean Tartars, claimed it was behind the attack on Prilepin.

"We had a feeling that sooner or later he would be blown up," they wrote on Telegram. "He was not driving alone, but with a surprise on the underside of the car."

Ukraine's security service (SBU) issued its standard response, declining to comment on the attack or to a Russian foreign ministry allegation that Ukraine - backed by the US government - targeted Prilepin.

The attack is the latest to target high-profile supporters of President Vladimir Putin's war in Ukraine.

Vladlen Tatarsky was killed last month. The blogger had reported from the Ukraine front line and gained notoriety last year after posting a video filmed inside the Kremlin in which he said: "We will defeat everyone, we will kill everyone, we will rob everyone as necessary. Just as we like it."

Activist Darya Trepova, 26, was later arrested and was charged with terrorism following the publication of a video - believed to have been recorded under duress - in which she admitted bringing a statuette to the café that later blew up.

And in August 2022, Darya Dugina - the daughter of a close ally of Mr Putin - was killed in a suspected car bombing near Moscow.

It is thought her father, the Russian ultra-nationalist philosopher Alexander Dugin, who is known as "Putin's brain", may have been the intended target of that attack.

The UK is set to review the artificial intelligence (AI) market to make sure its benefits are available for everyone and that no single firm will dominate.

The investigation by the competition watchdog will look at the software behind chatbots like ChatGPT.

The industry is facing scrutiny over the pace at which it is developing technology to mimic human behaviour.

AI's rapid take-up has sparked fears of job losses, privacy and the potential to circulate misleading information.

Sarah Cardell, chief executive of the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA), said so-called foundation models such as the software behind ChatGPT had the potential to "transform the way businesses compete as well as drive substantial economic growth".

But she said it was crucial that the potential benefits were "readily accessible to UK businesses and consumers while people remain protected from issues like false or misleading information".

The move comes days after Geoffrey Hinton - a man widely seen as the godfather of artificial intelligence - quit his job, warning about the growing dangers from developments in the field, which enables technology to create images or text that are barely distinguishable from the work of humans.

Sir Martin Sorrell, founder of the advertising companies WPP and S4, told the BBC that AI would be an "industrial revolution" and "another major shift in technology , rivalling, maybe even more significant than the iPhone and similar developments".

The digital advertising industry is already seeing the impact, he added, with firms using AI to "hyper personalise" ads for consumers.

"Obviously that raises all sorts of issues around regulation as well," Sir Martin told the Today programme.

He added that currently two companies dominate the AI space - Microsoft, which owns ChatGPT, and Google which has launched a rival chatbot called Bard.

Sir Martin said the CMA had shown its willingness to stop tech firms having too much power, for example by blocking Microsoft's planned takeover of UK gaming giant Activision Blizzard last week which sparked a furious reaction from the tech giant.

The US competition watchdog, the Federal Trade Commission, has also called for tougher regulation of AI.

"The [UK's] regulator is saying bigger is bad," Sir Martin said. "But the cost of developing [AI] technologies is so huge and thereby hangs the dilemma... If you restrict it you will restrict progress."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: AI 'godfather' Geoffrey Hinton tell the BBC of AI dangers as he quits Google

Some have warned that tools such as Bard and ChatGPT - which can write essays, do computer coding and even have conversations in a human-like way - could end up displacing hundreds of millions of jobs.

Mr Hinton told the BBC that some of the dangers of AI chatbots were "quite scary", and that they could soon overtake the level of information that a human brain holds.

"Right now, they're not more intelligent than us, as far as I can tell. But I think they soon may be."

In March, key figures in artificial intelligence called for powerful AI systems to halted for at least six months amid concerns about the threats they posed.

Twitter chief Elon Musk and Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak were among those to sign an open letter warning of the risks, and say the race to develop AI systems is out of control.

The CMA said the development of AI had raised several other issues, including safety; security; privacy; intellectual property and copyright; and human rights.

The watchdog said it would specifically be looking at the impact on competition, with a view to creating a set of "guiding principles" to protect consumers as AI develops.

The heads of Google, Microsoft, OpenAI and Anthropic are due to meet US Vice President Kamala Harris to discuss issues surrounding AI on Thursday.

Reuters reported that the invitation to the companies included President Joe Biden's "expectation that companies like yours must make sure their products are safe before making them available to the public".

Coverage: Ball-by-ball commentary of every County Championship match across BBC local radio, BBC Sport website and app with live text commentary on each day's play

There is blossom on the trees, the mowers have been dusted off and birds - and cricketers - have been migrating back to the UK from warmer climes. Oh, and it is raining. It can only mean one thing - the 2024 County Championship campaign begins on Friday.

Bazball might have lost a little of its buzz but some of its biggest names will feature in the early stages of the season.

BBC Sport takes a look at who will be involved and some other things to look out for this year.

Surrey looking for three in a row

Not accounting for the Covid-hit seasons of 2020 and 2021, last season was effectively Surrey's third Championship title win from the last four, having also won it in 2018.

Their squad is largely the same as last season, with England batter Dan Lawrence a notable addition, arriving from Essex. Overseas stars Sean Abbott and Kemar Roach will return to the Oval though all-rounder Aaron Hardie's planned stint has been called off by Cricket Australia.

Surrey director of cricket Alec Stewart, who is leaving the role at the end of the campaign, says they are hungry for more success.

"Last March I said 'we want to attack this year not defend it'," he told BBC Radio London.

"My dad [Surrey great Mickey Stewart] still goes on about being part of the team that won it seven times on the trot. We have now won it back-to-back. And adding Dan Lawrence gives us another top-class player, and more appetite to win it again."

Head coach Gareth Batty said the club's mentality "has to be about winning things" and they do not want to stop at one trophy.

"Knowing Alec isn't going to be around in a full-time capacity next year - for those that are driven by the emotional side it's a lovely add-on, for those who aren't it doesn't matter, it's still going to be winning - this group is driven for success," Batty said.

Sounds ominous for the rest, so who can stop them?

Essex hung around longer than anyone last season and took the title race to the final round, though they finished 20 points adrift in second place.

One veteran Test opener has replaced another at Chelmsford with South Africa's Dean Elgar signed to fill the big shoes of the retiring Sir Alastair Cook. There's also an eye on the future as all-action keeper/batter Jordan Cox has been tempted over the Thames from Kent.

The loss of Lawrence will certainly sting, but there are a host of talented young batters waiting in the wings and any side who can toss the ball to Jamie Porter, Sam Cook or Simon Harmer will fancy their chances.

Essex were only denied victory over Surrey by the weather last season and this campaign, for the first time in five years, the two will face each other home and away. The final game of the season sees them face-off at Chelmsford.

Lancashire took a step backwards in 2023 after finishing as runners-up in all three competitions the previous year.

In a winter of change behind the scenes, head coach Glen Chapple has been replaced by Dale Benkenstein.

The county have pulled off a coup with the arrival of Australia spinner Nathan Lyon for the first half of the campaign. Plenty of talk has been about how they pair him with Tom Hartley, fresh from a 22-wicket haul in England's Test series in India.

Hampshire have quietly gone about their business after a pair of third-placed finishes. They have added promising Sussex top-order batter Ali Orr and Australia paceman Michael Neser.

Will that be enough to end a 52-year wait for the title? James Vince, Liam Dawson, Mohammad Abbas, Keith Barker and Kyle Abbott are not getting any younger, but they did beat Essex and Surrey to finish the 2023 campaign.

Durham's last game in Division One came against Hampshire in 2016 before they were relegated by the ECB at the end of the season, giving Hampshire a reprieve. They make a triumphant return to the top flight with a game against... Hampshire.

They have plenty of quality in the pace bowling department. Australia's Scott Boland has signed an overseas deal until the end of July and they already have Ben Raine and Matthew Potts, who bagged 50 wickets apiece last year.

South Africa batter David Bedingham returns for a full summer, while England skipper Ben Stokes also hopes to be involved at the start of the season.

Worcestershire have seen New Road flooded seven times across the winter and their two home games in their opening six fixtures will be played at Kidderminster - with talk of them potentially leaving the ground permanently.

While they have added West Indies all-rounder Jason Holder and Nathan Smith of New Zealand, in addition to Rob Jones from Lancashire and Northants duo Josh Cobb and Tom Taylor, their quest to avoid an immediate return to Division Two has not been helped by bowlers Dillon Pennington and Josh Tongue, and batter Jack Haynes, all moving to Notts.

Nottinghamshire will be skippered by Haseeb Hameed, taking over from Steven Mullaney, in what feels like a new era at Trent Bridge with Samit Patel, Jake Ball and Stuart Broad all departing.

There has been another change of captain at Somerset where Lewis Gregory succeeds Tom Abell, and though Ball arrives from Notts, one player who will not be at Taunton this summer is Aussie all-rounder Will Sutherland, who has pulled out of his stint through injury.

Somerset have famously never won the title and went five without a win to start last season. They will hope the return of Matt Renshaw early in the season gives them more momentum.

Will Rhodes has also stepped down as Warwickshire captain, though George Garton has joined the Bears from Sussex.

The Bears, champions in 2021, start against rivals Worcestershire at Edgbaston and will hope to improve on a fourth-placed finish last year.

Daniel Bell-Drummond is the new Kent skipper. He will be hoping the addition of Matt Parkinson from Lancashire, and overseas players Wes Agar and Beyers Swanepoel, will help them take 20 wickets and avoid another brush with relegation.

Brook to star in Division Two

Yorkshire start against Leicestershire at Headingley and could select Harry Brook, who missed England's Test tour to India and pulled out of the IPL for personal reasons, but will be available for the first five games of the Championship season.

Joe Root is set to start a six-game domestic stint later this month too.

The man who brought Ottis Gibson in as coach, Darren Gough, has left his role as managing director of cricket while Colin Graves is back as chair for a season where the White Rose look poised for a promotion push.

Elsewhere Middlesex hope the signing of Derbyshire talisman Leus du Plooy will spearhead an immediate return to the top flight, though seamer Tim Murtagh will be watching from the sidelines after retirement.

Northants, who finished bottom of Division One last season, have Australian Chris Tremain and India's Karun Nair for the start of the season, while Nair's countryman Prithvi Shaw returns from June.

Sussex saw Ali Orr depart for Hampshire this winter but have added the experience of John Simpson from Middlesex and Lancashire's Danny Lamb, while West Indies bowler Jayden Seales and India batter Cheteshwar Pujara are around early in the campaign.

A deal for Leicestershire seamer Chris Wright was cancelled for personal reasons but they do have England paceman Ollie Robinson available for the start of the season.

Leicestershire have lost Colin Ackermann and Calum Parkinson to Durham, but Liam Trevaskis is coming the other way, while Ben Mike and Ben Cox have arrived from Yorkshire and Worcestershire respectively, and Scott Currie joins on loan from Hampshire.

Glamorgan have appointed Grant Bradburn as head coach and installed Sam Northeast as Championship skipper, after David Lloyd's move to Derbyshire, while Mason Crane will spend a season on loan at Sophia Gardens from Hampshire. Neser's move in the opposite direction will not help Glamorgan's top-two hopes.

Lloyd, who takes over the captaincy from Du Plooy, is followed to Derbyshire by veteran Patel, and Aneurin Donald and Ross Whiteley from Hampshire.

Mark Alleyne is back in charge at Gloucestershire - who were winless last season - after Benkenstein's move to Old Trafford, while Cameron Bancroft and Beau Webster have signed overseas deals after spells with Somerset and Essex respectively.

Relegated from Div One: Middlesex and Northamptonshire

Promoted from Div Two: Durham and Worcestershire

Many of the changes in 2024 will be the undoing of alterations introduced for the 2023 season.

The five points for a draw experiment was short-lived, reverting back to eight, though batting and bowling bonus points stay the same as last year.

Traditionalists will probably welcome the fact that, by popular demand, County Championship matches will be played in every month of the season.

The campaign begins with eight consecutive rounds, played from Friday to Monday each week across April and May.

Following a break for T20 cricket, and before England men's Test summer, the season returns with back-to-back rounds in late June and early July.

After no Championship cricket in August last summer, two rounds take place towards the end of the month this year.

The first half of the month will again be reserved for The Hundred and One-Day Cup.

The final round of the Championship campaign starts on Thursday, 26 September.

While it is unlikely to be widespread, for the first time hybrid pitches will be permitted in a one-year ECB trial.

Hybrid tracks, which remain predominantly grass - but contain a small amount of synthetic fibres to help prevent deterioration and allow more cricket to be played on them - have previously only been used in white-ball cricket.

Another thing to look out for is the return of the Kookaburra ball in place of the Dukes ball, with the number of rounds in which it will be used doubling from two to four.

The ECB wants English players to be more experienced facing or bowling with it, with half an eye on the overseas Ashes series in 2025.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The Duke of Sussex unexpectedly appeared at the High Court as legal proceedings began over alleged phone-tapping and other breaches of privacy.

Prince Harry, who is one of those suing Associated Newspapers, the publisher of the Daily Mail, was joined in the court room by singer Sir Elton John.

The duke claims "suspicion and paranoia" were caused by Associated's publication of some articles.

The publisher "vigorously denies" all the claims against it.

Prince Harry arrived at the High Court on Monday morning, while Sir Elton, who is also involved in the legal proceedings, joined proceedings at lunchtime.

Sir Elton John arrived at the High Court on Monday lunchtime

The pair, along with actresses Sadie Frost and Liz Hurley, are among the individuals who allege unlawful information gathering by the company, which also publishes the Mail on Sunday.

Others taking part in the legal action include Sir Elton's husband David Furnish, and Baroness Doreen Lawrence, the mother of Stephen Lawrence, who was murdered in a racist attack in 1993.

The four-day preliminary hearing in London is considering legal arguments and a judge will decide whether the case will go any further. Associated Newspapers (ANL) wants to end the claims without trial.

David Sherborne, the lawyer for the group of prominent individuals, said: "The claimants each claim that in different ways they were the victim of numerous unlawful acts carried out by the defendant, or by those acting on the instructions of its newspapers, the Daily Mail and the Mail on Sunday."

He said the alleged unlawful activity included "illegally intercepting voicemail messages; listening into live landline calls; obtaining private information, such as itemised phone bills or medical records, by deception or 'blagging'".

The activity also allegedly included "using private investigators to commit these unlawful information gathering acts on their behalf and even commissioning the breaking and entry into private property".

He added: "They range through a period from 1993 to 2011, even continuing beyond until 2018."

Actress Sadie Frost also appeared on Monday, and sat two seats away from Harry in the courtroom

In a document filed on Prince Harry's behalf, Mr Sherborne said the duke was "troubled that, through Associated's unlawful acts, he was largely deprived of important aspects of his teenage years".

In particular, he said, the prince had "suspicion and paranoia" caused by the publication of articles by ANL using unlawfully gathered information.

The barrister said: "Friends were lost or cut off as a result and everyone became a 'suspect' since he was misled by the way that the articles were written into believing that those close to him were the source of this information being provided to Associated's newspapers."

He added: "The claimant regards Associated's unlawful acts to amount to a major betrayal given promises made by the media to improve its conduct following the tragic and untimely death of his mother, Princess Diana, in 1997."

Sir Elton's lawyer said the singer and his husband were "appalled" by ANL's alleged conduct

The High Court was told Sir Elton and Mr Furnish's landline at their home in Windsor was tapped by a private investigator on the instructions of Associated Newspapers Limited.

Mr Sherborne said they were "mortified to consider all their conversations, some of which were very personal indeed, were tapped, taped, packaged and consumed as a commercial product for journalists and unknown others to pick over regardless of whether or not they were published".

The High Court heard Sir Elton and Mr Furnish had not seen a copy of their first child's birth certificate before it was unlawfully obtained by ANL.

Baroness Doreen Lawrence, whose son Stephen was murdered in a racist attack, also attended court on Monday

Mr Sherborne also told the court a private investigator acting on behalf of ANL hacked Hurley's phone and placed a "sticky window mini-microphone" outside her home.

He added her ex-boyfriend Hugh Grant's car was bugged to unlawfully obtain information about her finances, travel plans and medicals during her pregnancy.

He also told the court ANL paid a private investigator to unlawfully find the address of a man it believed was the male lover of Liberal Democrat politician Sir Simon Hughes.

Baroness Lawrence's bank accounts were monitored to check whether she was receiving any money from other newspapers during the Daily Mail's Justice for Stephen Lawrence Campaign, Mr Sherborne alleged.

"She finds it hard to believe the level of duplicity and manipulation that was clearly at play, knowing now as she does that the Daily Mail's outward support for her fight to bring Stephen's killers to justice was hollow and, worse, entirely false," he said.

ANL has said it categorically denies the serious claims made in the litigation and will vigorously defend them if necessary.

The group launched the legal action last year. ANL's lawyer Adrian Beltrami KC said, in written submissions, that the legal actions had been brought too late, were "stale" and the claims were "largely inferential".

The barrister said the individuals had to prove they did not know earlier, or could not have discovered earlier, they might have had a claim against ANL for alleged misuse of their private information.

He said none of the group said they believe they continued to be targeted by unlawful information-gathering after 2015.

In a statement after Monday's hearing, it added: "A private investigator whose 'confessions' form a key element of a privacy case being brought against Associated Newspapers by Prince Harry, Baroness Doreen Lawrence, Elton John and others has denied their allegations that he acted illegally against them on behalf of the Daily Mail or Mail on Sunday."

It said while the Mail's "admiration of Baroness Lawrence remained undimmed", we are "profoundly saddened that she has been persuaded to bring this case".

It added: "The Mail remains hugely proud of its pivotal role in campaigning for justice for Stephen Lawrence. Its famous 'Murderers' front page triggered the Macpherson report."

The Duke of Sussex was last seen in the UK at the late Queen's funeral

The duke's appearance on Monday is believed to be the first time he has been back in the UK since the late Queen's funeral in September.

His surprise return comes nearly three months after he publicised his troubled relationship with his father the King and brother the Prince of Wales in his controversial autobiography Spare.

The Duke and Duchess of Sussex also released a Netflix documentary in December, titled Harry & Meghan.

The King was due to be away on Monday on the first official state visit of his reign, but the trip to France was cancelled due to rioting over pension reforms.

He is due to leave for a state visit to Germany on Wednesday morning.

Buckingham Palace said he was not in Windsor or London on Monday.

The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been asked to vacate their UK home, Frogmore Cottage on the Windsor estate, in a move sanctioned by the King.

The duke is also taking legal action against the Home Office over security arrangements when he is in the UK, raising questions about his own security provisions during this visit.

Counting is continuing in local elections in Northern Ireland, with nearly half of the seats filled

So far, this has been a good day for Sinn Féin with most seats returned, followed by the DUP and then Alliance.

200 councillors out of 462 have been elected. A total of 807 people are competing for 462 seats in council chambers across Northern Ireland.

A total of 1,305,553 people were eligible to vote, according to the Electoral Office for Northern Ireland.

With 200 councillors elected, nearly half of the seats were filled by 2100 on Friday

Sinn Féin has made breakthroughs with its first councillors elected in Lisburn City and Ballymena. In Foyle, the party appears to have recovered ground lost at the last election. Party vice-president Michelle O'Neill has described it as a very positive day.

The DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson has said this election was always about holding ground but said that it was time to stop splitting the Unionist vote.

The Alliance Party became the third biggest at the NI Assembly election last May and so far it seems on track to replicate that in these council elections. The party has taken its first ever council seats in Ballyclare, Fermanagh and Limavady.

It will be hoping to increase its share of the vote West of the Bann but, while the party has made gains, it has also had a key loss in Londonderry.

The SDLP hopes to retain its 59 seats from the 2019 elections, but is under pressure from Sinn Féin.

The Ulster Unionist Party is also facing a battle to hold its ground but its leader Doug Beattie said Unionism was likely to take a hit across the board.

It has not been a good day for the Green Party. Their leader in Northern Ireland, Mal O'Hara, has lost his seat on Belfast City Council. Mr O'Hara became party leader last August after Clare Bailey lost her seat in the Stormont Assembly elections. The deputy leader of the party, Lesley Veronica, has also failed to get elected.

California's governor had blocked previous bids to release Leslie Van Houten (right)

Leslie Van Houten, a former follower of notorious cult leader Charles Manson, has been released on parole after serving more than five decades of a life sentence for two brutal murders.

Van Houten, 73, was a 19-year old member of the "Manson family" when she took part in the murder of a Los Angeles grocer and his wife in 1969.

Five previous bids for her parole were blocked by California's governors.

That decision was later reversed by a state appeals court.

A former homecoming queen, Van Houten was the youngest Manson follower to be convicted of murder for her role in the death of a California grocer Leno LaBianca and his wife Rosemary.

During the killings - which took place just days after the murder of actress Sharon Tate and four others - Van Houten held down Rosemary LaBianca while someone else stabbed her. She later also admitted that she stabbed the woman after she was dead.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Van Houten's lawyer, Nancy Tetreault, told the BBC that she left a women's prison in California early on Tuesday morning and was likely to be on parole for three years.

"She had a long job of detaching herself from the cult mentality and accepting responsibility for her crimes" Ms Tetreault said. "It took her a long time. She had decades of therapy. So she felt guilt and deep remorse."

Charles Manson, considered one of America's most notorious cult leaders, directed his followers to commit nine murders and hoped the killings would start a race war, called "Helter Skelter" after a famous song by the Beatles. He died in prison in 2017.

Following her life sentence, Van Houten earned both a bachelors and masters degree while in prison, where she also worked as a tutor for other inmates.

After being denied parole dozens of times during her incarceration, Van Houten was finally recommended for parole in 2016. But the recommendations were rejected by California Governor Gavin Newsom and his predecessor, Jerry Brown.

The last time she was blocked from parole, in 2020, was ultimately overruled by a California appeals court.

On 8 July, however, Mr Newsom said that he would not block her parole this time, paving the way for her release on Tuesday.

In a statement last week, the governor said he remained disappointed at her release, which he said was unlikely to be heard by California's Supreme Court if the legal battle continued.

"More than 50 years after the Manson cult committed these brutal killings, the victims' families still feel the impact," the statement said.

Leslie Van Houten (right) was the youngest Manson follower to be convicted of murder for her role in the death of Leno LaBianca

Now out of prison, Van Houten is expected to spend about a year at a halfway house, where her lawyer said she would need to learn to navigate a reality much different to when she first was put behind bars.

"She has to learn to use the internet. She has to learn to buy things without cash," Ms Tetreault told the AP. "It's a very different world than when she went in."

In repeated parole hearings, Van Houten expressed regret for her role in the killings and involvement with Manson, later acknowledging that she had let him overpower her "individual thinking".

"I bought into it lock, stock and barrel," she said of his beliefs in a 2002 parole hearing. "I took it at face value".

Malcolm Myers says 10-year-old rescue dog Buddy is his hero

A man who was trapped under a fallen tree branch has said his life was saved by his dog.

Malcolm Myers, from Thirsk, was walking his rescue dog Buddy on a footpath when he heard a loud crack.

A branch from a horse chestnut tree hit him on the back and head, burying him - but he said Buddy dug away the foliage to help free him.

North Yorkshire Council said it had contacted the landowner and had launched an investigation.

Mr Myers, 63, was walking on a path near Thirsk and Sowerby Institute on 7 June at around 13:45 BST when he said he heard a sound like a "clap of thunder".

"I was buried with a tree that had fallen on top of me, I was trapped, I couldn't move," he said.

"There was a branch around my leg. It was sheer darkness, I couldn't see anything. I was really fearful for my life at this point."

North Yorkshire Council has launched an investigation after the branch fell on to a footpath

He said he could hear people screaming, but his terrier-chihuahua cross Buddy "frantically started digging" at the foliage.

"I remember saying to him, 'keep digging Bud'. I put my hand out to his paw and then he gave me the strength to fight to get out."

Mr Myers said he suffered a trauma injury and concussion as a result of being hit by the fallen branch, leaving him "mentally and physically totally wrecked".

"All I can say is that he's my little hero, without Buddy by my side I would have died."

Buddy helped dig his owner out from underneath the fallen tree

He is now calling for the council to do more to inspect older trees that could be at risk of falling on passers-by.

The tree, which is on private property, has a tree protection order on it.

North Yorkshire Council's interim head of highway operations, Jayne Charlton, said the authority was investigating the situation."A member of the public alerted us to the incident, which we responded to immediately, closing the footpath while the debris was cleared," she said."We received a further report that a man walking his dog was hit on the back by a large branch, while a smaller one struck him on the head."We have made contact with the landowner to inform them of their responsibilities with regard to the tree, which is subject to a tree preservation order."

Follow BBC Yorkshire on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to yorkslincs.news@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Last updated on .From the section European Football

Chelsea have it all to do if they are to advance to the Champions League semi-finals after losing to holders Real Madrid at the Bernabeu.

Karim Benzema's tap-in - his 90th goal in the competition - gave Real boss Carlo Ancelotti the perfect start against his former club.

Real Madrid struggled to add to their lead before Ben Chilwell was shown a straight red card in the 59th minute for fouling Rodrygo as the Brazil forward threatened to go clean through on goal.

Chelsea produced a battling performance but Real scored what could be a decisive second goal when substitute Marco Asensio finished well after the visitors were caught out following a short corner.

Chelsea carried more of an attacking threat after the tepid performance against Wolves in Frank Lampard's first game back as interim manager, and had chances of their own.

Joao Felix forced Thibaut Courtois into a smart save when the game was goalless before the former Chelsea keeper produced a fine diving stop to deny Raheem Sterling an equaliser.
• None Check out all the latest Chelsea news in one place

Chelsea must score at least twice in next Tuesday's quarter-final return leg at Stamford Bridge, but they are now without a goal in their past four matches.

They were denied a late strike when former Chelsea defender Antonio Rudiger produced a superb block to deny substitute Mason Mount a goal that would have sent the Blues into the second leg in high spirits.

The Champions League is their last hope of a trophy in this most chaotic of seasons and Felix almost gave the Blues a dream start in the second minute, only to be denied by Courtois.

While Real struggled at times for rhythm in midfield, the return of N'Golo Kante improved Chelsea's engine room, while Felix continued to keep Courtois on his toes before he was replaced after Chilwell was sent off in the 59th minute.

Chelsea owner Todd Boehly said in an interview with Sky Sports before the game that "we're excited about the future" while also predicting his club would win 3-0 against Real Madrid.

It is hard to see where the excitement is coming from after a fifth game without a win and the team drifting in the bottom half of the Premier League table.

This was Chelsea's ninth Champions League game of the season with their third different manager.

Since Ancelotti was sacked by the Blues in May 2011 after finishing second in the table, Chelsea have gone through 10 permanent managers - sacking seven, including Lampard in January 2021.

Lampard had been due to work at this game as a television pundit until he answered Chelsea's call to take charge until the end of the season.

The club legend, however, has now suffered 13 defeats in his past 16 matches in all competitions across spells with Everton and Chelsea this season.

Ancelotti said on the eve of this tie that he was "sad" about Chelsea's poor form yet his Real Madrid side added to his former club's problems.

Real were far from their fluid best but did enough to establish a healthy advantage as they look to win the competition for a record 15th time.

Vinicius Junior and Rodrygo were a handful as Real registered 18 attempts, while Courtois was a solid last line of defence.

Rudiger's block to deny Mount at the end was crucial. Having helped Chelsea win the Champions League in 2021, the German showed what a shrewd addition he is after moving to Real on a free transfer last June.
• None Attempt missed. Kai Havertz (Chelsea) left footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses to the left.
• None Attempt blocked. Mason Mount (Chelsea) left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked.
• None Attempt missed. Karim Benzema (Real Madrid) header from the centre of the box is too high.
• None Enzo Fernández (Chelsea) wins a free kick on the right wing.
• None Dani Carvajal (Real Madrid) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
• None Attempt blocked. Vinícius Júnior (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by David Alaba.
• None Éder Militão (Real Madrid) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
• None Attempt missed. Marco Asensio (Real Madrid) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Toni Kroos following a set piece situation.
• None Dani Carvajal (Real Madrid) wins a free kick on the right wing. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page

Time is running out if the police and the government are to restore public trust in policing, the Chief Inspector of Constabulary has warned.

In his annual report, Andy Cooke said police forces were experiencing "one of their biggest crises in living memory".

"Atrocious" crimes committed by serving police officers had fuelled distrust, while too few criminals were being caught, he added.

Mr Cooke has called for new powers to enforce improvements.

In his annual assessment of policing in England and Wales, Mr Cooke's first since his appointment last year, he said police were failing to keep up with rising demand from the public and too often were not doing the basics right.

Charge rates had fallen by two-thirds since 2014, the report stated, while victims were increasingly dissatisfied with the police and wider criminal justice system.

"I can't recall a time when the relationship between the police and the public was more strained than it is now," Mr Cooke said.

"The public expectation of policing is that they prevent crime, they investigate crime properly, that they're in the communities, they're visible, that they answer 999 calls quickly. These are all the basics of policing.

"We've seen too many occasions where opportunities are being missed to catch offenders who are causing misery in our communities."

Mr Cooke says the police are often "picking up the slack" for other parts of public services.

"Mental health is a great example," he said. "Last year policing attended 600,000 mental health incidents. Most of those incidents there was no requirement for police to attend."

Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Mark Rowley wrote to health and social care services in Greater London in May, informing them the service would stop attending mental health incidents from September, except where there is an "immediate threat to life".

Humberside Police introduced the Right Care, Right Person scheme in 2020 to ensure mental health calls are dealt with by relevant professionals.

Mr Cooke welcomed investment that had seen more than 20,000 police officers added in England and Wales since 2020.

However, he noted difficulties in vetting new recruits and the inexperience of a workforce which lost many established officers during David Cameron's time as prime minister.

Furthermore, where failings have been identified, some forces have been too slow to implement improvements, he said.

Mr Cooke called on Home Secretary Suella Braverman to grant new enforcement powers to enforce compliance with the Inspectorate of Constabulary's recommendations by the end of this year.

Forces had taken too long to respond to recommendations in the 2016 State of Policing report relating to officers abusing their positions for sexual purposes, he said.

"Two forces did from the start what they should have done," Mr Cooke said. "That should have been 43 forces.

"In those seven years, we have seen some truly horrendous acts by officers.

"The chances of these things happening would have been lessened had we had those powers at an earlier time.

"It would ensure police chiefs across the country would have to make the changes that are required to keep the public safe."

Labour shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper called the report "truly damning" and backed major reforms. She blamed successive Conservative home secretaries for a series of failings.

"These include systemic failings in policing and a totally dysfunctional criminal justice system, with more criminals getting away with crimes, victims let down, vital neighbourhood policing devastated, record numbers of forces in special measures, and confidence in policing falling," she said.

Ms Braverman said the report acknowledged a fall in crime rates but conceded "there is lots more to do".

She added: "This is why I've been calling for common-sense policing. With the highest number of police officers than ever before, the police must deliver for victims.

"It has always been my priority to reduce burdens on policing and ensure they have the resources they need."

Baroness Louise Casey, who authored a damning report on the Met earlier this year, told the BBC's Political Thinking podcast that for people to consent to policing, officers need to be seen as "beyond reproach" on issues like violence against women.

She said: "The thing I still feel is fairly unforgivable is that misconduct in a police officer is totally undermining of the fact that they can arrest me, they can cuff me, they can strip search me, they can literally take my clothes off and strip search me.

"They can put me in a police cell for 24 hours, all on the basis of that officer's word."

Have you been a victim of crime? How did the police respond? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.
• None How did the government meet its police pledge?

Members of the Royal College of Nursing and the Royal College of Midwives have voted to accept a new pay offer from the Scottish government.

The unions had recommended its members back the deal which would see a 6.5% increase from April.

On top of a 7.5% pay rise imposed for 2022/23, it means many staff will see their pay increase by 13-14% over two years.

The votes to accept the offer ends the immediate threat of strike action.

It comes after members of GMB Scotland, the union representing NHS and ambulance staff, accepted the offer last week.

All three unions had mandates to strike after rejecting the 2022/23 pay offer but they were suspended in January ahead of intensive negotiations over the 2023/24 pay deal.

The new deal also includes the commitment to modernising the Agenda for Change pay system, and to support workforce recruitment, sustainability and retention.

The Scottish government has previously said the offer would make Scotland's NHS staff by far the best paid in the UK.

The RCN confirmed just over 50% of eligible members took part in the consultative ballot with 53.4% voting to accept the offer.

Among RCM members, 44% took part in the ballot, with 69% voting to accept the deal

Announcing the result of the ballot, RCN director Colin Poolman praised the union's members for bringing the Scottish government back to the table. He added: "Members have narrowly voted to accept this offer but the Scottish government must be under no illusion, much more is required for nursing staff to feel valued and to ensure Scotland has the nursing workforce it needs."

A new pay offer was made to staff including ambulance workers

Julie Lamberth, chair of the union's Scotland board said it took "the real threat" of nursing strikes to secure the offer.

She added: "While members voted by a narrow margin to accept the offer, the chronic staff shortages and low morale that led to the strike mandate are still very real."

Jaki Lambert, RCM director for Scotland, added: "While pay is crucial this was also about midwives feeling seen and valued. Improving retention through better working conditions, professional midwifery issues and the wellbeing of staff are also a key component of this.

"Most importantly, it was also about our members standing tall and being prepared to take action to ensure better care for women, babies, and their families."

The Scottish government said it had committed an extra £568m to the 2023/24 offer to 160,000 NHS Scotland workers on Agenda for Change contracts - who includes nurses, paramedics, midwives and porters.

Staff up to Band 8a would see an uplift of at least 6.5%.

In addition, all staff would receive a one-off payment between £387 and £939 depending on banding.

Nurses protest during a strike by NHS medical workers outside University College London Hospital in London

Meanwhile, in England a 5% pay rise from April has been offered to NHS staff including nurses and ambulance workers.

In addition, staff have been offered a one-off payment of at least £1,655 to top up the past year's pay award.

Unions are recommending members back the deal, after nearly two weeks of talks with ministers, raising hopes the bitter dispute may be coming to an end.

The offer covers all NHS staff except doctors, who are on a different contract.

It comes after a winter of industrial action, with nurses, ambulance staff and physios all striking.

The unions put further action on hold, after the two sides agreed to discussions last month.

Jason, six-months old, is currently up for adoption at All Dogs Matter

Illegal imports of puppies have continued to thrive following the pandemic, a study into UK purchasing practices suggests.

The Royal Veterinary College says the rise means dogs are at risk of being exposed to infectious diseases and a "very impoverished environment".

The report highlights other irresponsible practices from breeders such as only offering online viewings.

The government said buyers must go to a reputable seller or rehoming centre.

The rise in puppy smuggling came amid a surge in demand for puppies during the coronavirus lockdowns, with prices in some areas more than doubling to an average of almost £1,900 each.

In a study published on Thursday in the journal Animals and shared with the BBC, the Royal Veterinary College (RVC) highlighted trends in puppy purchasing across the UK.

Dr Rowena Packer, first author of the study, said the rise in imported puppies was concerning.

The study estimates 10% of puppies purchased in 2021 were imported, more than double the figure from 2019.

Babaloo's owner, Ms Papantoni, describes her as "a very lovely, happy, energetic, kind, sensitive, and a bit of a naughty dog"

In December 2020, Vasiliki Papantoni, in London, legally imported a puppy from Serbia after carefully planning the dog's journey to the UK.

She said the breeder had a "good reference" from a friend and provided lots of paperwork.

Ms Papantoni said she started her search for a puppy in the UK, but found that waiting lists were "very long".

She said a previous attempt to purchase a puppy in the UK ended in her being "scammed" when a breeder stopped contact after receiving a £300 deposit.

Dr Packer warns not all imported puppies receive good care when taken across Europe. "These could be puppies that were transported for several days without appropriate provisions, rest, food, water," she said.

The RVC say puppies brought into the UK are "often under the minimum legal age" of 15 weeks, unlike Babaloo.

The organisation asked UK puppy purchasers the same questions over three years via an online survey. They analysed 1,148 responses from 2019, 4,369 from 2020 and 2,080 from 2021.

Dr Packer warns "poor welfare sources" also exist within the UK, such as "a breeder or a dealer or somebody who produces puppies without due regard to their health and welfare".

"You can very rapidly and cheaply rear a puppy if you don't care about some of those factors," she said.

Introduced in April 2020, 'Lucy's Law' requires puppies bred in England be shown with their mother and purchased from the place they were born.

The law does not apply to rescue and rehoming organisations, Defra said.

Dr Marc Abraham OBE, a vet, founded the campaign. He calls it a "first step in combating irresponsible breeding and selling practices".

But he adds it was overshadowed by the pandemic.

Ira Moss, founder of charity All Dogs Matter, says she knows of multiple puppy purchasers who were only shown pictures of the dog's parents, or were not allowed into the property where they were said to have been born.

The RVC's study estimates people purchasing puppies in 2021 "were more likely to rely on online viewings, rather than in person, and to collect the puppy from outside the breeder's property".

In 2019, only 7% of respondents viewed the puppy they purchased via a live video call. In 2021, the figure was 18%.

The pandemic restrictions still in effect for parts of 2021 may have factored into that year's figure.

Dr Abraham says the pandemic also led to a "huge surge in demand" for dogs, pushing up the price for a puppy and leading to more first time owners.

He adds: "There's so many inexperienced dog owners around that I'm not not sure people did enough investment in how to look after a dog."

In turn, he warns this has led to a "spike in dogs being abandoned".

In October 2022, RSPCA data showed the charity had seen a 25% rise in abandonment cases.

All Dogs Matter says the rescue sector now faces a "rehoming crisis". Ms Moss explains "there are too many dogs, not enough spaces".

Furthermore, the cost of living crisis means "charities are losing money with less donations coming in".

Dr Abraham says "rescue shelters have rules for a reason".

"Please don't think…if they say no, that you should then go online and have a puppy delivered," he added.

A Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs spokesperson said: "Buyers must do their research and ensure they go to a reputable seller or rehoming centre when looking for a pet.

"We are committed to delivering the Kept Animals Bill measures individually, including on puppy smuggling, during the remainder of this Parliament and look forward to progressing these. We will be setting out next steps in due course."

Oil prices have risen after Saudi Arabia said it would make cuts of a million barrels per day (bpd) in July.

Other members of Opec+, a group of oil-producing countries, also agreed to continued cuts in production in an attempt to shore up flagging prices.

Opec+ accounts for around 40% of the world's crude oil and its decisions can have a major impact on oil prices.

In Asia trade on Monday, Brent crude oil rose by as much as 2.4% before settling at around $77 a barrel.

Opec+ said production targets would drop by a further 1.4 million bpd from 2024.

The seven hour-long meeting on Sunday of the oil-rich nations came against a backdrop of falling energy prices.

Oil prices soared when Russia invaded Ukraine last year, but are now back at levels seen before the conflict began.

In October last year Opec+, a formulation which refers to the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and its allies, agreed to cut production by two million bpd, about 2% of global demand.

In April this year the group agreed to a further cuts, which were due to last to the end of this year. But Russian Deputy Prime Minister Alexander Novak said that Sunday's talks led to "the extension of the deal until the end of 2024".

On Sunday, Saudi Energy Minister Prince Abdulaziz bin Salman said that his country's cut of one million bpd could be extended beyond July if needed. "This is a Saudi lollipop," he said, in what is seen as a bid to stabilise the market.

Before the two-day Opec+ meeting started, it was widely expected the oil cartel would make production cuts to prop up prices. It appears most members were against the idea, as any cuts would impact oil revenues, which are crucial to keep running their economies.

Saudi Arabia's decision to make a voluntary reduction of one-million barrels per day was unexpected but does not come as a huge surprise. As the leader of the pack, and also the largest exporter of oil, it was the only one in a position to be able to lower output.

From Riyadh's point of view, it is crucial the price of crude remains over $80 a barrel for it to break even. Saudi officials want elevated prices to keep spending billions of dollars on ambitious projects spearheaded by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, as he tries to diversify the kingdom's economy away from oil.

The move by the Saudis also underlines the uncertain outlook for demand for fuels in the months to come. Concerns about the global economy, especially recessionary fears in the US and Europe are expected to put further pressure on crude prices.

Oil producers are grappling with falling prices and high market volatility amid the Russian invasion of Ukraine.

The West has accused Opec of manipulating prices and undermining the global economy through high energy costs. It has also accused the group of siding with Russia despite sanctions over the invasion of Ukraine.

In response, Opec insiders have said the West's monetary policy over the last decade has driven inflation and forced oil-producing nations to act to maintain the value of their main export.

The crossing forms part of the Strathspey Railway

Safety barriers have been installed at the last automatic open railway level crossing in Scotland.

Dalfaber Level Crossing in Aviemore was built in the early 1980s and is on a private line used by Strathspey Railway's steam locomotives.

It was an open crossing with warning signs and lights but no barriers before the new improvements were made.

New footways have also been constructed as part of the £1.1m upgrade to improve safety at the site.

The crossing has been the scene of collisions and near misses involving cars and trains - including an incident in March last year.

P﻿olice Scotland previously warned of motorists failing to stop as trains approached the crossing.

The work is a condition of Scotia Homes' planning approval to build 75 new homes on a nearby site.

Access to the new development involves using the crossing.

Scotia Homes worked with Strathspey Railway and Highland Council on the upgrade.

S﻿trathspey Railway has been operating steam locomotives for 40 years.

Its takes railway enthusiasts and other visitors on trips between Aviemore, Boat of Garten and Broomhill.

Last updated on .From the section Tennis

Coverage: Live across BBC TV, radio and online with extensive coverage on BBC iPlayer, Red Button, Connected TVs and mobile app. More coverage details

Andy Murray dazzled under the Wimbledon lights again as he led Greek fifth seed Stefanos Tsitsipas in a Centre Court thriller stopped by a 23:00 BST curfew.

Britain's Murray is ranked 40th but showed his pedigree on the SW19 grass to lead 6-7 (3-7) 7-6 (7-2) 6-4.

The second-round match was stopped at 22:39 because of the restrictions put in place by the local council.

Murray, who has regularly played late in recent years, and Tsitsipas will resume a captivating contest on Friday.

Moments after 36-year-old Murray had wrapped up the third set, tournament referee Gerry Armstrong walked on to the court and discussed stopping play for the night with each player.

Murray, who screamed out as he fell just before serving out for the lead, signalled to his team the match was being cut short, while 24-year-old Tsitsipas quickly packed his bags.

The pair will return to Centre Court after Spanish top seed Carlos Alcaraz plays France's Alexandre Muller in the first match, which starts at 13:30.
• None Djokovic set for 'duel of the veterans of the tour'

Eyes were instantly drawn to this potential blockbuster when the draw was made last Friday and, after both players negotiated their opening matches on different paths, it was billed as the box-office match of the tournament so far.

Further fuel was added by the memories from their feisty clash at the 2021 US Open, where Murray said he "lost respect" for Tsitsipas after a lengthy bathroom break before a final set which the Greek won.

This time, all the drama remained on the court.

Murray is a two-time champion at the All England Club and has been talking bullishly about his chances of going deep in the draw this fortnight.

Despite missing out on a seeding, which left him vulnerable to a tough early test, the former world number one insisted he had the ability and nous to cause anyone problems.

For many people, Tsitsipas felt ripe to be on the end of an upset.

With grass not his favourite surface and a patchy record on the surface this year, there was an optimism among the home fans that Murray could earn his most notable Grand Slam win since having career-saving hip surgery in 2019.

After cruising past Ryan Peniston on Tuesday, the Scot also had the benefit of a day off, while Tsitsipas only came through a five-set duel with Dominic Thiem at almost 20:00 on Wednesday.

But the 2021 French Open runner-up and 2023 Australian Open finalist looked sharp - physically and mentally - as he showed glimpses of the form which has seen him long tipped to win one of the sport's four major titles.

There were tense moments in a tight first set where both players dominated on serve, Tsitsipas taking control of the tie-break to move ahead.

The second set followed a similar pattern.

Tsitsipas was edging the rallies as he continued to find range with his forehand, leaving Murray struggling to cope with his ferocious and consistent hitting from that side.

But, like he has done so often over the years, Murray continued to battle and managed to hold his service games with few issues as neither player conceded a break point.

That teed up another tie-break - and this time it was Murray who dominated it after finding his first serve when it mattered.

Murray playing under the floodlights on Centre Court always creates a special atmosphere and the player, by now demanding more noise from the almost-capacity crowd, thrived on the energy.

After not having a serious look at Tsitsipas's serve in the opening two sets, Murray broke to love right at the start of the third and maintained the momentum to move into the lead.

However, there was a serious scare when he fell on the baseline.

The sound of his scream, along with the knowledge of his injury history, left the whole of Centre Court anxious and there was relief when he clambered to his feet before serving out.

It had long felt the end of the third set was the natural point to suspend the match and once that was agreed, Murray walked off to a thunderous ovation.
• None Alerts: Get tennis news sent to your phone

Thursday's blast damaged a number of buildings - it's not known if the explosive found on Saturday was from the same aircraft

More than 3,000 people have been evacuated from their homes in the Russian city of Belgorod after an undetonated explosive was found.

It comes two days after Russia accidentally dropped a bomb on the same city, damaging houses and injuring several people.

It's not known if the bomb discovered on Saturday came from the same aircraft - a Russian Sukhoi-34 fighter-jet.

The city is located about 40km (25 miles) from the border with Ukraine.

The local governor, Vyacheslav Gladkov, confirmed on Telegram that 17 apartment buildings had to be cordoned off "within a radius of 200 metres", affecting 3,000 residents.

He later said people were starting to return to their homes after a "shell" had been removed.

The undetonated device was found in the same area as the bomb that was accidentally dropped on Thursday evening, leaving a huge crater about 20 metres (60 ft) wide close to the city centre.

The explosion was so large it blew a car on to the roof of a nearby shop.

After that incident, the Russian defence ministry admitted that one of its Su-34 jets had "accidentally discharged aircraft ordnance" over the city.

Dramatic CCTV footage of Thursday's blast shows an object landing near a crossroads with passing cars, and detonating about 18 seconds later.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

It's not the first such incident - last October a Sukhoi fighter-jet - again, an Su-34 - crashed in the Russian city of Yeysk killing at least 13 people.

Russian jets regularly fly over Belgorod, a city of 370,000, on their way to Ukraine.

It lies just north of Ukraine's second city, Kharkiv, and has come under periodic Ukrainian attack since the full-scale Russian invasion of Ukraine last year.

President Joe Biden's call for a ceasefire in Gaza is the lead in the Guardian and the Telegraph. The Guardian's headline describes it as America's "strongest rebuke" yet to Israel since the start of the conflict. The Daily Telegraph quotes a confidante of President Biden as saying that the US is "at that point" where it must consider putting conditions on arms sales to Israel.

The i reports that the prime minister is being urged to publish legal advice received by the government on arm sales. It says Rishi Sunak is preparing to suspend the sales to Israel if new guidance suggests the country has broken international law. The i also says that civil servants, who are overseeing the export of arms to Israel, are threatening legal action against the government over concerns they will be held "personally responsible" for any breach of the law. Israel strongly rejects the claim it is responsible for genocide in Gaza.

President Biden said ongoing US support for Israel was dependent on "specific, concrete steps"

Both the Times and the Daily Mail lead with stories about Conservative MP William Wragg, who has said to have admitted handing over colleagues' phone numbers to a man he met on a dating app. Speaking to the Times, Mr Wragg said he was scared that the man "had compromising things" on him and said he was "so sorry" his weakness had hurt other people. The paper says the incident has "heightened" concerns over the vulnerability of MPs to cyber-attacks.

The Daily Telegraph carries a warning from French President Emmanuel Macron that Russia will seek to disrupt the Paris Olympics this summer. It reports that Mr Macron told Nato foreign ministers about a "bizarre and threatening" phone call between Russia's defence minister and his French counterpart. Sergei Shoigu is said to have "suggested", without evidence, that France was involved in the recent attack on a Moscow concert hall. Asked whether he was concerned that Russia may target the Games this summer, Mr Macron reportedly replied: "I have no doubt."

William Wragg told the Times: "They had compromising things on me. They wouldn't leave me alone."

The Sun carries a photo of King Charles and Queen Camilla during their visit to Australia in 2018 on its front page. The paper reports that the couple are planning a two-week return visit in October, after what it calls a "positive" start to the King's treatment for cancer.

The Daily Express reports that every "loophole" is being closed to foil any attempt at blocking migrant flights to Rwanda. It says a source close to Home Secretary James Cleverly has confirmed there's been a real "step up" in preparations to deliver on the deportation scheme since Easter.

A couple who won £2.7m in the lottery in 1995 are featured in the Daily Mirror. Elaine and Derek Thompson, who are big horseracing fans, used their winnings to buy three racehorses and set themselves the challenge of visiting all 57 racecourses in the UK. The paper says that this week they passed the finishing post after making their final trip to Ludlow in Shropshire. "National Trottery" is the headline.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

Glory day: David Trimble, Bono and John Hume pictured together on stage in Belfast in 1998

It was the night that produced the defining image of Northern Ireland's progress to peace.

To one side, the then Ulster Unionist leader David Trimble. On the other, the then SDLP leader John Hume.

The man in between, holding their hands aloft like triumphant prize fighters, was the world's biggest rock star - Bono.

The Concert for Yes, which took place on 18 May 1998 in front of about 2,000 schoolchildren, achieved its aim.

Three days later, Northern Ireland overwhelmingly endorsed the Good Friday Agreement in a referendum.

Tim Wheeler, lead singer of County Down band Ash, had a stage-side view of the historic moment - but his memories of the night are not quite so romantic.

Instead, he remembers putting together songs on the fly and loaning guitars and equipment to the biggest band on the planet.

"U2 just flew in before the whole thing and they didn't bring any of their gear, they had to use all our gear," Wheeler told BBC News NI's The Sunday News.

U2's The Edge on stage with Tim Wheeler, David Trimble, John Hume and Bono

He recalled how The Edge from U2 had borrowed a guitar belonging to Charlotte Hatherley, Ash's then lead guitarist.

"He was trying to figure out the controls. He was trying to get more of a louder kind of sound and he stepped on one of her pedals and it was too huge a jump - and he sort of jumped. It was pretty funny."

They may have been overshadowed by Bono et al, but it was Ash who did most of the on-stage heavy lifting on the night, delivering a 40-minute set and then performing a few hastily-arranged covers with U2.

At the time, the young Downpatrick band were riding an upsurge of rising hype and popularity - their debut album, 1977, was a critical and commercial success, buoyed by heavy radio rotations for singles such as Girl from Mars and Oh Yeah.

Charlotte Hatherley, Rick McMurray and Tim Wheeler from Ash in 2002

Wheeler and co were in the studio recording the follow-up when they got the call - would they like to get involved in a concert campaigning for a yes vote?

"It all came about within a few days as far as I remember. I think it was just looking quite dicey whether the yes campaign would succeed.

"I think it was maybe U2's management got in touch with our management a few days before. We were in the a studio in London and they were like: 'Can you make it over to Belfast in three days time?'

"It was very important for us to be involved. I think U2 felt they needed a Northern Ireland band to make the concert really work - it was great."

Wheeler, who was 21 at the time, added with a laugh: "U2 were a massive, worldwide, legendary band from the south and they needed some youngsters from the north - it was a really good pairing, I think."

The free concert for young people was envisioned as a last push to help get the yes vote over the line in the week of the referendum.

Mo Mowlam, Northern Ireland Secretary in 1998, at the referendum count

While a huge turnout of Northern Ireland voters would comfortably vote the agreement through by 71% to 29%, the security of a "yes" vote was less certain beforehand.

Catholics were expected to strongly support the agreement, but the deal needed cross-community backing and a solid majority to go ahead.

As the Washington Post reported at the time, David Trimble had his concerns.

"Over 70% we're safe. Under 60%, we're in difficulties. In between, you've got to look carefully at turnout, geographical variations to try to get an idea if we've got a secure enough base to proceed."

Just three days and a couple of phone calls with Bono later, Ash were on stage at the concert in Belfast's Waterfront.

Ash on stage at The Brickyard, Carlisle

"Everything was last minute," said Wheeler.

"I remember being on the tour bus driving there the night before - I think we were put on a mobile phone with Bono, trying to figure out what songs we'd do together and how the show would go."

It was decided that Ash would play their own show, with U2 coming on at the end to do a few numbers with an assist from the local lads, including covers of The Beatles' Don't Let Me Down and John Lennon's Give Peace a Chance.

According to Wheeler, Bono was "brilliant" although he did throw him for a loop by calling for a Ben E King classic.

"Towards the end, Bono just turned round and said 'let's do Stand By Me'. He just pulled that out of thin air, no warning whatsoever.

"It's four very simple chords, we just started winging it and then he just looked at me and said: 'You sing the next verse'.

"I was like, I have no idea what the lyrics are at all, so I said 'you just do it'."

Despite these understandable hiccups, the concert was a major success and, of course, produced that iconic image.

Tim Wheeler says Belfast was "a very different place to grow up"

Wheeler remembered "a great feeling of positivity" after the concert that resonated with a band whose three founding members had lived all their lives under the shadow of the Troubles.

"Coming to Belfast always felt very edgy. The Army was everywhere, of course, and always bomb threats and incidents in our town.

"I do remember I was up in Belfast and saw a policeman had just been shot and was being covered in a body bag.

"Being children you just get on with it and think it's normal. And when we started travelling the world you realise it was a very different place to grow up."

Two decades on from that night, and the 1998 agreement referendum, devolved government in Northern Ireland is out of action.

It is a "very sad" situation, said Wheeler, but "at least we're living in a time that's a lot more peaceful".

Maybe another star-studded night at the Waterfront could help?

"I wonder! he said with a laugh. "Yeah, get it together - if a concert could work in a same way for that, we need to sit down and sort it out."

You can hear the full interview with Ash's Tim Wheeler on The Sunday News at 13:00 GMT on Sunday.

The crash caused damage to the road's barrier

A lorry was left hanging off a bridge after crashing into a barrier on the M1 in Leicestershire.

Police were called to reports the vehicle had crashed on the southbound carriageway at junction 19 Catthorpe Interchange just after 04:30 BST.

The southbound carriageway was closed at junction 19 as well as both sides of the A14 while the vehicle was removed. Both roads have since reopened.

The driver safely left his vehicle and was not injured, police said.

The lorry crashed at the Catthorpe Interchange between the M1 and the A14 in Leicestershire

In a statement, Leicestershire Police said the lorry had "collided with the barrier leaving part of the vehicle and the barrier resting over the edge of the carriageway".

National Highways thanked motorists for their patience during the lengthy road closures.

The lorry has since been recovered

No-one was injured in the crash

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Melissa Caddick went missing in 2020 after police agents raided her home

When conwoman Melissa Caddick vanished from her luxurious eastern Sydney home in November 2020 - with only her partially decomposed foot found washed up on a beach months later - it set off a frenzy in Australia.

The case blindsided investors, baffled police, and captured the imagination of a nation.

The fraudster has inspired a hit podcast, a TV dramatisation, and countless outlandish theories - including that she had been swallowed by a shark or had severed her own foot to throw police off her scent.

A long-running inquest into the case heard of a flawed police investigation, conflicting accounts from her husband, and all the extensive speculation surrounding her fate.

But a coroner on Thursday ruled that exactly what happened to her would remain a mystery.

"The conclusion I have reached is that Melissa Caddick is deceased. However... I do not consider the evidence enables a positive finding as to how she died, or when and where this happened," Deputy State Coroner Elizabeth Ryan wrote.

For most, the Melissa Caddick story began with the news that the seemingly successful financial adviser was missing.

But her life had actually begun to unravel months earlier when Australia's financial watchdog was tipped off that she had been using a friend's financial adviser's licence, having simply pasted in her own name on the document.

Regulators suspect the 49-year-old stole up to $30m (£15.8m; $19.5m) from more than 60 clients, including many of her family and friends, to help fund a lavish lifestyle.

There were overseas trips on private jets, high-end cars, designer clothes, and expensive jewellery.

Her methods were not "particularly complicated", the coroner said.

As new clients gave her money to invest, she would pay some out as dividends to existing clients before keeping - and spending - the rest.

Coroner Ryan said she was struck by the "powerful impression of wealth and success" Caddick made on her clients and would-be investors.

"Equally significant was the trust they had in her... almost all were either immediate family members, or close personal friends of herself and her family," she said.

One would-be investor recalled: "I wanted to model myself and our family on successful people, and Melissa appeared to be successful".

But everything fell apart on 11 November 2020 when police knocked on her door at dawn.

The last confirmed sighting of Melissa Caddick was by officers at the raid on her home.

Her husband, Anthony Koletti, told police they believed she had gone for an early run the next morning. Her car and all her personal belongings had been left behind.

But she was not reported missing by Mr Koletti for more than 30 hours, and only after he had dialled in to a court hearing that she was due to attend and appeared surprised she had not turned up.

Police initially explored two theories - that Caddick was still alive and had gone into hiding to escape justice, or had taken her own life.

But the inquest heard how Mr Koletti, a hairdresser and part-time DJ, behaved erratically in the wake of his wife's disappearance, leading police to suspect he could be involved.

Mr Koletti has denied any knowledge of his wife's crimes or any involvement in her disappearance, and police say they have uncovered no evidence to dispute that.

Anthony Koletti has denied any knowledge of his wife's crimes

But an investigator told the coroner's court Mr Koletti "didn't appear to be overly concerned" when his wife vanished.

Lead Detective Sergeant Michael Kyneur also said Mr Koletti had visited a cliff top area near their home and taken a photograph of a shoe print, an action the policeman described as "extraordinary".

"That's a dog park. It's like saying I found a footprint on Bondi beach."

The inquest also heard that Mr Koletti had sent texts from Caddick's phone pretending to be her, told police he was "too busy" to attend an interview, and gave conflicting versions of events.

For example, he was able to provide a description of what his wife was wearing on the morning she vanished, despite also saying he had not actually seen her, police said.

Mr Koletti had also recounted his version of events by releasing a musical concept album containing tracks with titles such as "Melissa Is Missing" and "Above the Law".

It was "regrettable" that Mr Koletti had not given a "full and frank" account of what had happened, Magistrate Ryan said on Thursday.

The case took a grisly twist in February 2021 with the discovery of a rotting, trainer-clad foot on a remote beach 500km (310 miles) south of Sydney.

Experts matched the body part to Caddick through DNA, but an autopsy couldn't determine if it was separated by force or decomposition.

The inquest heard a slew of theories to explain how it ended at Bournda Beach, including that a shark ate and later regurgitated body parts.

Police even considered throwing pig carcasses with running shoes on their trotters into the sea to determine how shark behaviour or ocean currents could have played a role, the inquest heard.

An orthopaedic surgeon told the inquest it was unlikely Caddick could have severed her own foot, as it would require "significant force" to cut through bone, cause major blood loss, and require specialist post-surgical care.

But scientists put forward a simple explanation at the inquest.

Oceanographers said currents could have easily carried the foot that distance, while a pathologist described how human feet can detach from bodies during decomposition.

The inquest also heard criticism of police handling of the case.

Officers assigned to the Caddick case stuck too closely to their view that she had voluntarily vanished, some said.

Police combed the cliffs in Dover Heights for any trace of Ms Caddick

A crime scene examination of the house was not done until 19 days after Caddick disappeared, and a lawyer assisting the coroner questioned why the homicide squad wasn't brought in immediately, if only to rule out foul play.

Another detective expressed surprise that NSW Police only sought out the corporate watchdog's affidavit on Caddick - which outlined its case against her - some months after her disappearance.

The inquest was also told that Caddick had a life insurance policy, which included suicide cover, and had made a number of references to ending her life over the years - but police initially devoted limited resources to this line of inquiry.

Magistrate Ryan on Thursday said the uncovering of Caddick's deception may have triggered a "narcissistic injury", with the illusion of her wealth and success shattered.

"The Asic investigation and search warrant very likely caused her a catastrophic level of shame and despair," she said.

"She may well have reached the conclusion that ending her life was the only option."

But the manner of her death will ultimately remain unresolved, she said.

Equally unresolved are the losses of her clients, many of whom saw huge sums of money vanish.

"I sold my business as I was under the impression my money was safe, and I retired in 2017," one victim testified.

"To rub more salt in the wound she has also stolen my mother's money, wife's, mother-in-law, son, brother and sister… wiping out three generations of my family's savings."

Kate Forbes, who finished second to Humza Yousaf in the SNP leadership race, has announced that she is leaving the Scottish government.

Scotland's finance secretary was on maternity leave after the birth of her daughter when Nicola Sturgeon suddenly announced that she was quitting as SNP leader and Scotland's first minister.

Within a couple of days of confirming she would be standing in the contest to succeed her, Ms Forbes found herself at the centre of a political storm.

Her views on issues such as gay marriage, abortion, trans rights and having children outside of marriage were savaged by Deputy First Minister John Swinney, who had been standing in for the deeply religious Ms Forbes since last July.

Ms Sturgeon herself also made thinly-veiled barbs at the woman she had appointed finance secretary at the age of 29, just hours before she had to deliver a budget speech.

Scotland is a progressive country, Ms Sturgeon stated, and the views of the next first minister therefore matter.

Ms Forbes saw several supporters desert her campaign in response to the furore, which was ignited when she told journalists that she would not have voted for gay marriage had she been an MSP at the time.

She subsequently told Sky News that she believed that having children outside of marriage is "wrong" according to her faith as a member of the evangelical Free Church of Scotland, while stressing that: "In a free society you can do what you want."

Ms Forbes has never hidden her religious beliefs, leaving pundits wondering why they had appeared to come as a shock to some of her supporters.

The Free Church, of which she is a devout follower, has strongly opposed gay marriage since it was legalised in Scotland in 2014.

Ms Forbes and her husband Ali celebrated the birth of daughter Naomi last year

In 2018, Ms Forbes spoke at the National Prayer Breakfast for Scotland a day after a Westminster debate on abortion, when she called on politicians to "recognise that the way we treat the most vulnerable - whether the unborn or the terminally ill - is a measure of true progress".

She was among the 15 SNP politicians who wrote an open letter to Ms Sturgeon the following year asking for a delay to gender recognition reforms that would allow people in Scotland to self-identify their sex.

The final vote on the proposals was held when Ms Forbes was on maternity leave, but when she launched her leadership campaign she made clear that she still had significant concerns about self-identification and would not have been able to vote for the legislation in its current form.

Several senior figures within the Scottish government reacted with fury to her comments, with Mr Swinney saying he profoundly disagreed with her views despite also having deep Christian faith.

Humza Yousaf warned that independence could only be won if the SNP sticks to "progressive values" and avoids a "lurch to the right".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The bubbling tensions boiled over in a televised STV debate, when Ms Forbes launched an attack on Mr Yousaf in which she slated his performance as a government minister.

Ms Forbes told Mr Yousaf: "You were transport minister and the trains were never on time, when you were justice secretary the police were stretched to breaking point, and now as health minister we've got record high waiting times.

"What makes you think you can do a better job as first minister?"

Ms Forbes presumably did little to endear herself to the SNP hierarchy watching at home - although Ms Sturgeon says she didn't tune in for the debate - when she declared that it was time for a new generation to lead the party and that "more of the same is not a manifesto - it is an acceptance of mediocrity".

The remark could be read as a dig at Mr Yousaf, who to some extent pitched himself as the "continuity candidate", and the record of Ms Sturgeon herself.

She later doubled down by saying she would potentially have space for Mr Yousaf in her cabinet if she won the contest - but not as health secretary.

Ms Forbes was born in Dingwall in the Highlands, but was partly raised in India as her parents travelled there twice as missionaries, the first time when she was four years old.

Her parents are reported to have been members of the more liberal Church of Scotland, with Ms Forbes claiming that she had chosen to join the Free Church after returning from India as it was "just down the road".

Ms Forbes (centre) had two spells in India during her childhood

She went to a Gaelic school while in Scotland and became a fluent speaker of the language as a child.

When she returned to India at the age of 10, she studied at Woodstock School - an international residential school in the foothills of the Himalayas.

She went on to complete degrees at Cambridge University and Edinburgh University and became a chartered accountant for Barclays in London.

She worked as an assistant to the SNP MSP for Skye, Lochaber and Badenoch, Dave Thompson, for two years before being selected to replace him when he stood down.

On the backbenches, the then 26-year-old campaigned to ban plastic straws and delivered a speech in the Holyrood chamber entirely in Gaelic.

In 2018 she entered government as public finance minister working alongside Derek Mackay, who she would go on to succeed as finance secretary when he was forced to stand down just hours before delivering his budget speech after it emerged he had sent inappropriate text messages to a 16-year-old schoolboy.

Ms Forbes became Scotland's first female finance secretary and was widely praised for delivering the budget speech with just a few hours' notice, having only received the call from Ms Sturgeon at 7am that morning.

She has said the SNP needs to win over No voters by using the Scottish Parliament's existing powers to show that Scotland can flourish if it is to secure independence.

Ms Forbes had only a few hours to prepare for a budget speech after being appointed to the finance brief

Ms Forbes told the Guardian: "We keep holding ourselves as hostages to fortune by setting a timetable rather than by focusing on what is really going to shift the dial.

"So day one, I would start the campaign for independence. But I would do that through gentle persuasion, making the economic case and earning people's trust back. The more successful and effective we are at that, the shorter the timetable becomes."

She has said she would not raise income tax for higher earners and would instead focus on growing the economy and expanding the tax base by cutting red tape for businesses, improving transport infrastructure and having a "cautious" transition away from North Sea oil and gas.

Ms Forbes has also described the government's bottle return scheme as well-intentioned but "badly executed".

During a Channel 4 debate, presenter Krishnan Guru-Murthy told Ms Forbes that her views on taxation and economic growth sounded "a bit like Liz Truss".

The three candidates were Ash Regan, Humza Yousaf and Kate Forbes

Little of this would be popular with the Scottish Greens, whose power-sharing deal with the SNP would have been very unlikely to survive under Ms Forbes - particularly because of her views on social issues.

The SNP's social justice secretary, Shona Robison, said she would have to think long and hard about whether she would serve in government under Ms Forbes, while the party's deputy leader at Westminster, Mhairi Black, warned of a possible split if the finance secretary had won the leadership.

Several of her colleagues were said to have been furious over her attack on Mr Yousaf's record, which they believe will be quoted repeatedly by opposition parties as they seek to attack the SNP's record in government.

The Scottish Conservatives have already said they want to use Ms Forbes' remarks in their next party political broadcast.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Iran's Revolutionary Guards say seven officers have been killed in an Israeli strike on the Iranian consulate building in Syria's capital, Damascus.

Brig-Gen Mohammad Reza Zahedi, a senior commander of the elite Quds Force, and Brig-Gen Mohammad Hadi Haji-Rahimi, his deputy, were named among the dead.

Iran and Syria's governments condemned the attack, which destroyed a building next door to the Iranian embassy.

The Israeli military said it did not comment on foreign media reports.

However, it has acknowledged carrying out hundreds of strikes in recent years on targets in Syria that it says are linked to Iran and allied armed groups which are armed, funded and trained by the Revolutionary Guards.

The Israeli strikes have reportedly been stepped up since the start of the war in Gaza in October last year, in response to cross-border attacks on northern Israel by Hezbollah and other Iran-backed groups in Lebanon and Syria.

But Monday's attack will be seen as a serious escalation.

The Israelis appear to be testing the resolve of the Iranians and their allies and signalling that they are serious about increasing pressure on their enemies.

The Israelis are looking at the fact that both Iran and Hezbollah have not been pushing as hard as some might expect. Now they will see if Iran and Hezbollah are going to push back.

There will be a response, but it may not be the one people expect. Rather than missiles, it may be some sort of cyber-attack.

The Iranian embassy (left) does not appear to have been damaged in the strike on the next door consulate building

Syria's defence ministry said Israeli aircraft targeted the Iranian consulate building, which was on a highway in the western Mezzeh district of Damascus, from the direction of the occupied Golan Heights at about 17:00 local time (14:00 GMT) on Monday.

Syrian air defences shot down some of the missiles they launched, but others made it through and "destroyed the entire building, killing and injuring everyone inside", the ministry added.

The ministry said work was under way to recover the bodies and rescue the wounded from beneath the rubble, without saying how many casualties there were or naming any of them.

Photos and videos from the scene showed smoke and dust rising from the remains of the collapsed multi-storey building. The Iranian embassy next door did not appear to have sustained any significant damage.

The Iranian ambassador, Hossein Akbari, said Israeli F-35 fighter jets "brutally targeted my place of residence and the consular section of the embassy, along with Iran's military attaches". He told Iranian state TV that between five and seven people were killed, including some diplomats.

Later, the Revolutionary Guards put out a statement saying that seven of its officers were killed, including Brig-Gen Mohammad Reza Zahedi and Brig-Gen Mohammad Hadi Haji-Rahimi, whom it described as commanders and "senior military advisers".

Iranian media said Zahedi, 63, was a senior figure in the Quds Force - the Revolutionary Guards' overseas operations arm - and served as commander in Lebanon and Syria between 2008 and 2016. Haji-Rahimi was meanwhile identified as Zahedi's deputy.

Zahedi is one of the most high-profile Iranian figures believed to have been killed by Israel in the country's long campaign of targeted assassinations.

The UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which relies on a network of sources on the ground in Syria, reported that eight people were killed - a high-ranking leader of the Quds Force, two Iranian advisers and five members of the Revolutionary Guards.

Syria's Foreign Minister Faisal Mekdad said he strongly condemned what he called "this heinous terrorist attack", adding that it had killed "a number of innocent people".

In a telephone conversation with Mr Mekdad, Iranian Foreign Minister Hossein Amir-Abdollahian described the strike as "a violation of all international obligations and conventions" and "blamed the consequences of this action on the Zionist regime", the Iranian foreign ministry said.

He also "stressed the need for a serious response by the international community".

A White House spokeswoman said US President Joe Biden was aware of the reports.

In a briefing to journalists on Monday, IDF spokesperson Rear Adm Daniel Hagari said an apparent drone attack on a naval base in the southern Israeli city of Eilat was "a very serious incident". The drone was "made and directed by Iran", he said.

This attack followed suspected Israeli strikes on Damascus and the northern city of Aleppo last Friday, which the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said killed 53 people, including 38 Syrian soldiers and seven members of the Iran-backed Lebanese armed group Hezbollah.

In January, another strike in Mezzeh that was blamed on Israel killed five senior Revolutionary Guards and several Syrian security personnel.

Israel has previously acknowledged carrying out strikes in Syria to combat what it calls Iran's "military entrenchment", as well as shipments of Iranian weapons to allied groups which it proscribes as terrorist organisations.

Iran has said Revolutionary Guards have been sent to Syria to "advise" President Bashar al-Assad's forces in the country's civil war, but it has denied they have been involved in combat or established bases.

The Euclid telescope has successfully launched into space on a mission to understand some of the Universe's greatest mysteries.

The €1.4bn (£1.2bn) telescope was primed to go up on a Falcon-9 rocket from Cape Canaveral in Florida on Saturday.

Euclid's goal is to make an immense 3D map of the cosmos in a bid to better understand so-called dark matter and dark energy.

Researchers know virtually nothing about these phenomena, which appear to control the structure and expansion of the cosmos.

Although primarily a European Space Agency project, the mission also has significant scientific and engineering inputs from the US space agency Nasa.

Euclid will carry out its work from an observing position on the opposite side of our planet to the Sun.

Protester Matt Turnbull is one of the people arrested in the build up to the Coronation.

Dozens of people have been arrested during the King's Coronation, including the leader of a prominent anti-monarchy group.

London's Metropolitan Police said 52 arrests were made for a range of reasons, and all remain in custody.

The arrest of anti-monarchy protesters earlier in the day has been labelled "alarming" by human rights groups.

Manchester City 4-1 Arsenal: Kevin de Bruyne scores two and makes one in dominant display Last updated on .From the section Premier League

Manchester City delivered a masterclass to overwhelm Premier League leaders Arsenal and strike a huge psychological blow in the title race at Etihad Stadium. The confrontation billed as a potential title-decider turned into an embarrassingly one-sided affair. Pep Guardiola's side, now two points behind Arsenal with two games in hand, were inspired by the devastating partnership of Erling Haaland and Kevin de Bruyne. Haaland sent De Bruyne away for a silky opener after seven minutes, and Arsenal then survived a constant bombardment of attacks before John Stones headed home from a free-kick in first-half stoppage time, the goal given by VAR after originally being ruled offside. City goal machine Haaland was outstanding throughout and again set up De Bruyne for the third in the 54th minute, the Belgian passing a classy finish between the legs of Gunners defender Rob Holding. Holding pulled one back for Arsenal late on before Haaland, denied four times by Arsenal goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale earlier in the match, sealed a memorable night with his 49th City goal. City can go top with victory at Fulham on Sunday while Arsenal must somehow pull out of a slump that has seen them go four league games without a win at a crucial stage of the season.
• None Title in our hands and we must use that - Guardiola
• None Reaction from Man City-Arsenal, plus the rest of Wednesday's Premier League games
• None How did you rate Man City's performance? Have your say here
• None Go straight to all the best Arsenal content
• None What did you make of Arsenal's display? Send us your views here City still have work to do to retain their title but, in the biggest game of the Premier League season, they delivered a brutal message. Guardiola was as fired up as his players in the early stages, raging in his technical area, even giving an animated lecture to goalkeeper Ederson after De Bruyne put them ahead. City were at their magnificent best as they tore holes in the Arsenal rearguard, the Gunners miraculously surviving all manner of close shaves after the opener before Stones' header gave them the cushion they deserved. Haaland had a rare night when his golden touch in front of goal deserted him until virtually the last kick of the game - although Ramsdale played his part in that - but the Norwegian demonstrated just how much his all-round game has improved under Guardiola by giving an exhibition in link-up play, twice assisting for De Bruyne and playing with an air of constant menace. And De Bruyne once more showed his enduring class with two precision finishes. The title is not run yet and no-one at City will be complacent, but this performance carried all the hallmarks of a side on a mission to keep their crown and who now have all the momentum with them. Another missed opportunity for the Gunners Manchester City 4-1 Arsenal: Mikel Arteta says team need to look in the mirror It was only a few short weeks ago that Arsenal's title challenge looked like it might well end with a first Premier League triumph since 2003-04. But that was before they carelessly threw away a two-goal lead at Liverpool, repeated the failing at West Ham and then faltered at home in a 3-3 draw with struggling Southampton. City presented the toughest of tests but also an opportunity to reassert themselves at the Premier League summit - but instead Mikel Arteta's team found themselves on the receiving end of a chastening beating. Arsenal looked nervous in the face of City's intensity and threat, the gap between the sides resembling a chasm right up to the final seconds when Haaland finally got on the scoresheet. The Gunners have desperately missed the authority of injured William Saliba in defence while they barely mounted an attack worthy of the name until it was too late. Arsenal have been outstanding this season and there will be no shame in coming up just short against this City team. If they do miss out - and remember, there is still hope - their recent dip in form will unquestionably leave them rueing a massive missed opportunity. If they are to somehow regroup from this mauling, they must do it quickly while also hoping City slip up somewhere along the line. On this evidence, however, that looks highly unlikely.
• None Goal! Manchester City 4, Arsenal 1. Erling Haaland (Manchester City) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Phil Foden.
• None Riyad Mahrez (Manchester City) wins a free kick on the right wing.
• None Rodri (Manchester City) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
• None Reiss Nelson (Arsenal) wins a free kick on the right wing.
• None Goal! Manchester City 3, Arsenal 1. Rob Holding (Arsenal) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Leandro Trossard following a corner.
• None Attempt missed. Bukayo Saka (Arsenal) left footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high from a direct free kick. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page
• None Our coverage of your Premier League club is bigger and better than ever before - here's everything you need to know to make sure you never miss a moment

Last updated on .From the section Tennis

Coverage: Live across BBC TV, radio and online with comprehensive coverage on BBC iPlayer, the BBC Sport website, BBC Sport mobile app and Red Button.

Nick Kyrgios has withdrawn from Wimbledon 2023 with a wrist injury.

The Australian, 28, lost to Novak Djokovic in last year's men's singles final and has only played one tournament this year because of a knee injury that required surgery.

Kyrgios announced on Sunday evening that he had torn a ligament in his wrist during his comeback.

"I'm really sad to say that I have to withdraw from Wimbledon this year," he posted on Instagram.

"I tried my hardest to be ready after my surgery and to be able to step on the Wimbledon courts again.

"During my comeback, I experienced some pain in my wrist during the week of Mallorca.

"As a precaution I had it scanned and it came back showing a torn ligament in my wrist.

"I tried everything to be able to play and I am disappointed to say that I just didn't have enough time to manage it before Wimbledon."I'll be back and, as always, I appreciate the support from all my fans."

Kyrgios was seeded 30th in SW19 and was set to face Belgian David Goffin in the opening round.

Wimbledon responded to Kyrgios' withdrawal by wishing him a "swift recovery" on social media.

"Sorry to hear your news Nick Kyrgios. Wishing you a swift recovery and hope to see you back on our courts next year," Wimbledon tweeted.
• None Who's playing who? Details of the Wimbledon draw
• None Alerts: Get tennis news sent to your phone

The start of an injury-hit season saw Kyrgios pull out of the Australian Open in January, a decision made on the eve of the tournament that left him "devastated".

Surgery on a cyst growing in his meniscus quickly followed and he was not able to return to competitive action until June.

Kyrgios suffered a first-round loss to China's Wu Yibing at the Stuttgart Open, struggling with his movement during a straight-set defeat, then pulled out of the Halle Open the following week.

He had been practising at the All England Club this week, saying his body felt "OK" after sets against fellow Australian Jordan Thompson and American Maxime Cressy.

Kyrgios, known for his fiery temperament as well as his exciting tennis, reached his maiden major final at Wimbledon last year. He took the opening set before losing in four sets to Novak Djokovic.

Britain's Joe Salisbury and American Rajeev Ram, three-time major men's doubles champions, were due to face Kyrgios and Thanasi Kokkinaki in their opening doubles match.

The jailed Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny is facing a new trial on charges of extremism that could keep him in prison for decades.

Mr Navalny is already serving a nine-year sentence for parole violations, fraud and contempt of court.

He and his supporters insist his arrest and imprisonment in 2021 was politically motivated.

The latest trial will begin on Monday in the penal colony where he is being held, 250km (150 miles) east of Moscow.

Mr Navalny is facing multiple charges, including creating an extremist network and financing extremist activity.

He has said that could extend his prison term by up to 30 years.

The 47-year-old has long been the most prominent face of Russian opposition to President Vladimir Putin and has exposed corruption at the very heart of Russian power for more than a decade.

A charismatic campaigner, he seemed to be the only Russian opposition leader capable of mobilising people in large numbers across Russia to take part in anti-government protests.

He was arrested in 2021 upon returning from Germany, where he recovered from a poison attack the previous year that he blamed on the Kremlin. The Russian authorities denied any involvement.

In 2020, a report by the investigative outlet Bellingcat and Russian news site The Insider implicated several agents of Russia's internal security service, the FSB, in the attack.

He was initially jailed for two and a half years for breaking bail conditions while being treated in a German hospital, but was then given an extra nine years for fraud and contempt of court.

The latest case comes as the Kremlin intensifies its crackdown on opponents, more than a year after invading Ukraine, with most key opposition figures behind bars or in exile.

Mr Navalny said that prosecutors provided him with 3,828 pages outlining all the crimes he is alleged to have committed while behind bars.

"Although it is clear from the size of the tomes that I am a sophisticated and persistent criminal, it is impossible to find out what exactly I am accused of," Mr Navalny said.

He has been charged with financing extremist activity, publicly inciting extremist activities and "rehabilitating the Nazi ideology", among other crimes.

Thank you for following our coverage

We will now be closing this page - thanks for following along with us. For further updates on the crash at The Study Preparatory School in Wimbledon, you can read our news story here. The day's coverage was edited by Heather Sharp and Alex Binley. The writers were Adam Durbin, Thomas Mackintosh and Laura Gozzi.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Rishi Sunak on US providing cluster bombs to Ukraine

Rishi Sunak has reiterated that the UK "discourages" the use of cluster bombs after the US agreed to supply them to Ukraine.

The UK is one the countries to have banned the weapons, which have a record of killing civilians, under an existing convention.

The PM emphasised the government's continued support for Ukraine.

On Friday, US President Joe Biden said he had made a "very difficult decision" to supply them to Kyiv.

Spain and Canada, two of 123 nations to ban cluster bombs, have criticised the decision to send them, which has also been condemned by human rights groups.

Cluster munitions are a method of dispersing large numbers of tiny bomblets from a rocket, missile or artillery shell that scatters them in mid-flight over a wide area.

They are meant to detonate on impact, but a significant proportion of them fail to explode initially - often when they land on wet or soft ground. This means they can explode at a later date, killing or injuring people.

Neither the US, Ukraine or Russia are signatories of the international treaty - the Convention on Cluster Munitions - banning the use or stockpiling of them over the indiscriminate damage they can inflict on civilian populations.

Speaking to reporters in Selby, Yorkshire, on Saturday, Mr Sunak said the UK is "signatory to a convention which prohibits the production or use of cluster munitions and discourages their use".

"We will continue to do our part to support Ukraine against Russia's illegal and unprovoked invasion, but we've done that by providing heavy battle tanks and most recently long-range weapons, and hopefully all countries can continue to support Ukraine," he added.

"Russia's act of barbarism is causing untold suffering to millions of people."

Mr Sunak is due to meet with Mr Biden in London on Monday, ahead of a Nato summit in the Lithuanian capital Vilnius on Tuesday.

Rishi Sunak spoke carefully when asked for his response to the US now giving cluster munition to Ukraine.

He didn't criticise the US's decision but did point out that the Convention discourages use of the bombs.

The UK is the second largest provider of military assistance to Ukraine - only behind the US.

As the conflict in Ukraine evolves, so too are the responses of Kyiv's allies - on this issue the US and UK have gone in different directions.

Mr Biden justified supplying the weapons by saying the "Ukrainians are running out of ammunition".

Speaking to CNN in an interview due to air on Sunday, he said it had taken "a while to be convinced" to make the "very difficult decision" to send them.

Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has hailed the "timely" move to deliver the bombs.

Ukraine's Defence Minister Oleksii Reznikov said his troops would not use them in urban areas to avoid risking civilian lives, adding "these are our people, they are Ukrainians we have a duty to protect".

But Spanish Defence Minister Margarita Robles has said her government's position is that cluster bombs should not be used for the "legitimate defence of Ukraine".

Germany, which has also signed the convention, said it would not provide them to Ukraine but that it understands the American position.

In a statement, the Canadian government said it does not support the use of the weapons and emphasised its commitment to "putting an end to the effects cluster munitions have on civilians - particularly children".

Human Rights Watch said both sides had used the weapons in the war, causing "numerous deaths and serious injuries to civilians".

These comments were echoed by Amnesty International, who said cluster munitions pose "a grave threat to civilian lives, even long after the conflict has ended".

The UN human rights office has also been critical, calling for their use to "stop immediately".

Nato Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg has said the military alliance takes no position on cluster munitions.

Tobias Ellwood, the chairman of the UK's defence select committee, urged the US to "reconsider" its decision - which he said was the "wrong call and will alienate international goodwill".

"Their use leaves deadly unexploded ordnance over the battlefield, killing and injuring civilians long after the war is over," the Conservative MP added.

Russia described the US decision as an "act of desperation" in the face of the "failure of the much-touted Ukrainian counteroffensive".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Rishi Sunak was challenged over his attendance record at PMQs

Rishi Sunak has refused to say whether Tory MPs accused of undermining the Commons Partygate inquiry into Boris Johnson should apologise.

The Privileges Committee said last week that the MPs, including Nadine Dorries and Sir Jacob Rees-Mogg, had tried to "interfere" with the probe.

Asked whether they should say sorry, the prime minister didn't say, adding he hadn't read the committee's report.

MPs will decide whether to approve the findings at a debate next Monday.

Last month, the Commons backed the committee's finding, in a separate report, that Mr Johnson misled Parliament over Covid rule-breaking in No 10.

Mr Sunak has never said whether he agrees with the findings of that report - and missed last month's vote to approve it, blaming a diary clash.

The follow-up report by the Privileges Committee, published last week, said several allies of Mr Johnson had sought to "influence the outcome" of its original probe into the former prime minister.

It accused the seven MPs and three peers, all Conservatives, of mounting attacks on the committee designed to "discredit" its findings.

The report has led to a free speech row, with several of those named, including Ms Dorries and Sir Jacob, saying there is no reason they should not be able to criticise its conclusions.

At a scheduled appearance at the Commons Liaison Committee, Mr Sunak did not respond to a question from Labour MP Sir Chris Bryant about whether the MPs named should apologise.

Instead, he said he had not read the report - which runs to a handful of pages - from "cover to cover," although he was aware of its findings.

He confirmed he had asked Lord Zac Goldsmith, one of the Tory peers named in the report, to apologise - but said this was because of his then role as an environment minister.

Lord Goldsmith quit his government post last week, citing unhappiness with green policies. He has denied a claim from Mr Sunak that he had refused to apologise over being named in the report.

Sir Chris, who chairs the Privileges Committee but did not take part in its probe into Mr Johnson because he had criticised him before it began, also criticised Mr Sunak for missing the Commons vote on its findings.

The prime minister replied he couldn't attend because he was scheduled to speak at a charity event, but the Labour MP accused him of choosing "not be in Parliament".

"But yesterday, you opined on the rule of cricket. Take us through that," he added, in an apparent reference to Mr Sunak's criticism of the Australia team on Monday.

In a series of testy exchanges, he also took a swipe at Mr Sunak's attendance record in Parliament, noting that he is scheduled to miss the next two sessions of Prime Minister's Questions.

Mr Sunak replied he will miss this week's session because he is attending an event marking the 75th anniversary of the NHS, whilst next week he is at a summit of Nato leaders in Lithuania.

He denied that he had any control over the timing of the NHS event, telling Sir Chris "I did not decide when that was."

Violence has erupted across France since the killing of a 17-year-old during a traffic stop on Tuesday

A French policeman has been charged with homicide and is now in custody over the killing of a teenager during a traffic stop near Paris on Tuesday.

The 17-year-old, named as Nahel M, was shot at point-blank range as he drove off and crashed soon afterwards.

Anger at his killing has sparked violence across the country. A march led by the boy's mother was marred by clashes on Thursday afternoon.

In a third night of unrest, 667 people were arrested, French officials say.

In Paris, shops were ransacked and cars set on fire overnight despite a heavy police presence.

Across France, 40,000 police officers were deployed, with 249 of them injured in Wednesday night's clashes, according to the interior ministry.

Earlier, bus and tram services in Paris and the wider region stopped operating at 21:00 local time (19:00 GMT) on Thursday. Night-time curfews were in place in some suburbs.

In the town of Nanterre, where the teenager was killed, a huge fire engulfed the ground floor of a building where a bank is located.

Video and pictures on social media also appear to show piles of rubbish ablaze in several places.

Officers were injured on Thursday afternoon as well, during violence in Nanterre that followed a largely peaceful march calling for justice. It was attended by more than 6,000 people.

Prime Minister Élisabeth Borne said she understood the outpouring of emotion following the 17-year-old's death, but condemned the riots.

"Nothing justifies the violence that's occurred," she said.

The teenager's death has sparked a wider conversation about the power of the police and the relationship between the authorities and people from France's suburbs, who feel segregated from the country's prosperous city centres.

"We have a law and judicial system that protects police officers and it creates a culture of impunity in France," Nahel's lawyer, Yassine Bouzrou, told the BBC World Service's Newshour programme.

But Nahel's mother said she did not blame the police in general, or the system, for the killing - just the officer who fired the lethal shot that killed her son.

The officer accused of killing him said he had fired because he felt his life was in danger. His lawyer told French radio station RTL that his client discharged his firearm "in full compliance of the law".

Speaking to the BBC on Friday morning, Thierry Clair, deputy secretary general of Unsad-Police trade union, said an investigation would "determine whether this is a case of a legal or illegal use of a weapon".

He said that by law, police officers may use their weapons in certain circumstances.

"The key thing is the principle of proportionality with the nature of the threat," Mr Clair said. "For instance, one of the cases refers to stopping a vehicle whose occupants refuse to comply and present a risk for someone else if they attempt to escape.

"And the incident we're talking about - in which a weapon was used - might fall into that category."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: 'They've taken my baby' - Mother of teen shot by police

Less than a year after the late Queen appeared on screen tapping out the beat of We Will Rock You over tea with Paddington Bear, the man who wrote the song - and whose band shared her moniker - has attended Buckingham Palace to receive a knighthood.

Guitarist Brian May was given the honour on Tuesday for services to music and charity, with pictures showing him chatting with King Charles and posing with his medallion after the ceremony.

As per tradition, King Charles tapped May on the shoulder with a sword during the investiture

The pair were pictured chatting and laughing during the ceremony

May has spent decades playing with Queen and is also known for his animal rights campaigning

May's wife, actress Anita Dobson, who is best known for her role as Angie Watts in BBC soap EastEnders, also attended the event

May posed with saxophonist YolanDa Brown, who was awarded an OBE

May and the other members of Queen wrote numerous hit songs in the 1970s and 80s

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. From June 2022: The Queen meets Paddington Bear for Party at the Palace

Comedy legend Peter Sellers played the title role - and two more - in Dr Strangelove

The family of director Stanley Kubrick have given their blessing for one of his classic films to be adapted for the stage for the first time.

His 1964 apocalyptic Cold War comedy Dr Strangelove will be staged by Armando Iannucci, who is known for TV political satires The Thick of It and Veep.

"As a story, weirdly it hasn't gone away," Iannucci told BBC News.

"It seems the right time to remind people of the mad logic behind these dangerous games that superpowers play."

The show will be staged in London's West End next autumn, co-written and directed by double Olivier Award winner Sean Foley.

Speaking on BBC Radio 4's Today programme on Saturday Iannucci joked: "In these sad times, what better way to cheer the nation up than a stage show about the end of the world."

Director Stanley Kubrick (left) with Sellers in character as the US president

Kubrick's widow Christiane said: "We have always been reluctant to let anyone adapt any of Stanley's work, and we never have. It was so important to him that it wasn't changed from how he finished it.

"But we could not resist authorising this project: the time is right; the people doing it are fantastic; and Strangelove should be brought to a new and younger audience. I am sure Stanley would have approved it too."

Daughter Katharina Kubrick added: "The subject matter of this film is particularly relevant again in our prevailing political climate.

"People often laugh when they would rather cry, and this is exactly how the film, and now the play, handles the possibility of the ultimate destruction of life on Earth; certainly, an important topic amongst many, to concentrate the mind."

The late director's family also granted access to Kubrick's archive, in which Iannucci said he had found papers relating to the film including "some discarded scenes, first drafts [and] moments that they were going to shoot and then decided not to".

He added: "There are little shards of ideas there, and one or two of them have developed into full-scale new moments and new scenes in the final [play]."

Armando Iannucci is known for his TV and film work, but this is his first theatre project

Dr Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb - to use its full title - was released two years after the Cuban missile crisis brought the world to the brink of nuclear war.

Foley said it's not hard to see "the relevance to the idea of a type of Cold War between the West and Russia" today.

"That's sadly come very much back into our lives," he said. "You don't have to look very far to understand a kind of relevance about the potential for nuclear conflict, given what's going on with the invasion of Ukraine and everything that Putin is saying."

Iannucci added: "Not just with the war in Ukraine, but also the whole apocalyptic sense of global warming and so on - it feels like a very relevant reassertion of the message that, this is the madness staring at us if we don't do anything about it.

"And currently, we aren't doing anything about it. So the outcome is not good.

"But if you can leave the theatre with that message and a smile, then all the better."

The pair have decided to keep the story set in the 60s, and Iannucci said it would feel both "retro" in its setting, and up-to-date with some of his trademark dialogue.

"It's got one foot in the 60s and one foot in the present day," he said.

Foley added: "There's something about how the men of that era behave in the film, and there was a specificity around the Cuban missile crisis and all of those things.

"And the look of it is great, so we quickly decided we're going to keep it in that period and let the obvious resonances just echo."

The film famously starred Peter Sellers in three main roles - the titular German scientist, a British officer who discovers a US general has unilaterally ordered a nuclear attack on the Soviet Union, and the American president who must attempt to avert all-out annihilation.

The stage version is now seeking a star to play multiple roles - albeit without the luxury of the time Sellers had to change costumes and make-up.

"They've got to be a great comic actor, of which we have very many," said Foley, who is artistic director of the Birmingham Rep. "They've got to be of that shape-shifting kind of quality. They've got to want it.

"It's going to be a really tough gig. I'm sure some people, when we approach them, are going to go, 'No way, I'm not going to be compared with Peter Sellers in those roles.'

"But there will be someone who has the appetite and skill and talent and sees the opportunity to do it in their own way."

In Dr Strangelove, many of those holding great power over millions of lives are depicted as often actually being inept, ridiculous, reckless or unhinged. That's a strand of political satire that Iannucci picked up in his work like The Thick of It, US version Veep, and 2017 black comedy The Death of Stalin.

"It's these individuals who are very human and very fallible, and yet on whose word and actions ride the fate of, in Stalin's case millions, and in Dr Strangelove's case humanity," he said.

The writer and director is now also working on another theatre project about Boris Johnson and his role in the pandemic and Partygate, although full details have not yet been announced.

"Rather than trying to do a TV exploration of what's happening now, doing something live on stage feels like just the right moment to do it," Iannucci said of that play.

"Also, in the last three years, we've been so enclosed in our homes because of the lockdown, and have got addicted to our screens, so actually going out and seeing something live and in the flesh is all the more exciting. That's what excites me about actually doing it as a live stage show."

Carrick's sentencing hearing was told he had taken "monstrous advantage of women" between 2003 and 2020

More than 10 people have reported further offences by serial rapist and former police officer David Carrick since he was jailed, a force has said.

Carrick was sentenced to 36 life terms after admitting 49 charges, including 24 counts of rape, in February.

The 48-year-old committed most of his offences in Hertfordshire.

The county's police force said it was working with prosecutors and investigating the new reports, which included allegations of sexual assault.

Carrick's sentencing hearing was told he had taken "monstrous advantage of women" between 2003 and 2020, while serving as an officer with the Metropolitan Police.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The former police officer used his occupation to "entice victims", said Mrs Justice Cheema-Grubb

Ordering him to serve to a minimum term of 32 years in jail, Mrs Justice Cheema-Grubb said he had been "bold and, at times, relentless, trusting that no victim would overcome her shame and fear to report you".

She said "for nearly two decades", he had been "proved right", but a combination of the 12 women who reported him and the police colleagues who gave evidence against him had "exposed you and brought you low".

Following the hearing, Det Insp Iain Moor, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire major crime unit, said officers had set up a special reporting portal for people to share information about Carrick.

"If anyone else thinks they have been a victim, we still want to hear from you and we will support you," he said.

In a statement, Hertfordshire Police said since February, "more than 10 people have contacted their local forces or the investigation team directly, to either report further offences, including sexual assault, or to share information relating to him".

"The team are now working with the CPS [Crown Prosecution Service] and investigating these new allegations," a representative said.

They added that they would not be releasing "any further details relating to the new allegations".

Find BBC News: East of England on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. If you have a story suggestion email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The DUP withdrew from the Stormont executive in February 2022

The DUP leader has said he is hopeful his party can get the progress it needs to go back into power sharing.

Sir Jeffrey Donaldson was speaking after a meeting with the head of the NI Civil Service, Jayne Brady.

He will continue to engage with the government and has made "his summer available" for further talks on the Windsor Framework, he said.

The party has insisted new legislation is needed before it will end its 18-month boycott of the executive.

The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) walked out of Stormont's power-sharing executive in February 2022 in protest over a Brexit deal which introduced new checks and restrictions on goods moving from Britain to Northern Ireland.

Northern Ireland Secretary Chris Heaton-Harris said new legislation may be required at Westminster and the government now has "a lot more clarity" about what the DUP is seeking.

Ms Brady's talks with the parties focused on how to run government in a future executive, in the context of a challenging budget position.

Speaking after the meeting, Sinn Féin vice-president Michelle O'Neill said this "process has come to the end of the road".

Ms O'Neill added she didn't share the secretary of state's "overly optimistic assessment" that a Stormont executive would return in the autumn.

Michelle O'Neill said the DUP needed to get over internal party wrangling and put people first

Last week Chris Heaton-Harris said he was "hopeful" about the return and believed a resolution was "getting much closer".

"I don't think there is any evidence to back that up," Ms O'Neill said.

"I hope that changes but I don't think anyone who was sitting in that meeting today is under any allusions that anything has changed in terms of the DUP's and the British government's game of chicken."

Stephen Farry described Thursday's meeting with Ms Brady as a "stock take exercise", and said discussions had gone as far as they could.

The Alliance deputy leader said the current situation was "stalemate", with no progress over the past few weeks.

Mr Farry said he was deeply worried about the future of Northern Ireland and believed excuses were being made for parties to stay out of government.

The power-sharing government at Stormont collapsed in February 2022

Ulster Unionist Party leader Doug Beattie said: "I don't think it's about getting a bigger stick to beat the DUP with; I don't think that's going to work."

He stressed that pressure was already on the DUP to return to the executive and he hoped Mr Heaton-Harris would assist in the restoration of Stormont.

Mr Beattie said he remained optimistic about a return of the executive by the autumn.

The SDLP was not at the talks as it has confirmed it will form the official opposition.

It feels like a process which has now passed its best before date.

It served a purpose in keeping the parties engaged with civil servants in the absence of Stormont.

It also allowed preparations to be put in place for the executive's return in the face of mounting budget pressures.

But with no hint of when or if Stormont might return, these talks have "run out of steam", to quote one party source.

With no best before date set for the talks between the DUP and the government, the political drift is likely to continue for some time.

Jayne Brady, who was appointed head of the NI Civil Service in June 2021, met political leaders on Thursday morning

Ms Brady has previously warned that even if ministers are to return to an executive this year, an overspend of this year's budget was "now unavoidable".

Ms Brady outlined her position in a letter to Mr Heaton-Harris earlier this month.

She said Stormont departments have "reached the limit" of what they can do to manage budget pressures this year and the remaining gap did not stem from an "unwillingness" to act, but from a legal position.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Japan's Prime Minister Fumio Kishida has been evacuated unharmed from a public event after what appeared to be a smoke bomb was thrown at him.

A man was detained at the scene in Wakayama, where Mr Kishida had been due to give a speech, local media reported.

A witness said they saw a person throwing something, followed by smoke, while another said they heard a big bang. No injuries were reported.

Video showed officers piling on top of a person, believed to be a suspect.

He was arrested on suspicion of obstruction of business and later identified by the authorities as 24-year-old Ryuji Kimura. His motivation is still unclear.

Japan's public broadcaster, NHK, quoted Mr Kishida as saying there was a "loud blast" at the venue. "Police are investigating details, but I'd like to apologise for worrying many people and causing them trouble."

NHK broadcast footage in which crowds of people appear to be running away from the scene.

The footage also shows people swarm around one man, hold him down, and then carry him away.

A man believed to be a suspect in the smoke-bomb throwing was held by police officers

Mr Kishida had just started to deliver a speech after touring the fishing harbour in Wakayama for a campaign event when the object was thrown and he took cover.

After the incident, Mr Kishida addressed a crowd in another location and said the incident should not disrupt the electoral process.

A woman at the scene told NHK: "I was stunned. My heart is still beating fast."

A person who said they saw an object flying through the air said it gave them a "bad feeling, so we ran away unbelievably fast".

"Then we heard a really loud noise. It made my daughter cry," they added.

Another witness told NHK that the crowd began to disperse in panic before the blast was heard, as someone said an explosive had been thrown.

Hiroshi Moriyama, a member of Mr Kishida's Liberal Democratic Party, said: "That something like this happened in the middle of an election campaign that constitutes the foundation of democracy is regrettable. It's an unforgivable atrocity."

Violent attacks are extremely rare in Japan. But there is nervousness about security around politicians, after former Prime Minister Shinzo Abe was shot dead while on the campaign trail last year.

From left to right: Footballer Mykhailo Mudryk, tennis player Elina Svitolina and boxer Oleksandr Usyk

Ukraine's top athletes have paid defiant tributes to a Ukrainian prisoner of war (POW) shown apparently being killed by Russian troops in a video that has shocked the nation.

The unarmed prisoner is seen smoking in a trench. "Glory to Ukraine!" he says, before being shot.

Tennis star Elina Svitolina, Chelsea footballer Mykhailo Mudryk and others responded with "Glory to the Heroes!" in their video tribute.

It is a battle cry in Ukraine's army.

The saying became popular among ordinary Ukrainians after Russia annexed Ukraine's southern Crimea peninsula in 2014. It has seen a resurgence after Moscow's full-scale invasion launched last year.

In the tribute video posted online, Ukrainian athletes representing several sports appear one-by-one saying "Glory to the Heroes!"

It comes after a passionate call by President Volodymyr Zelensky.

"I want us all to respond to his words together, in unity: 'Glory to the Hero! Glory to the Heroes! Glory to Ukraine!'" he said earlier this week.

Arsenal's Oleksandr Zinchenko and Taras Stepanenko, who plays for Ukrainian team Shakhtar Donetsk feature in the video. Legendary former player and now coach Serhiy Rebrov is also shown.

Separately, Ukraine's boxing heavyweight world champion, Oleksandr Usyk, recorded a video of himself reciting a poem dedicated to the shot soldier, whose identity remains unclear.

"Glory to Ukraine! - for these words you got a bullet," he reads. "You're no more - but memory is eternal of you, fighter".

The graphic video first emerged on social media on Monday.

In the footage, one of the shooters - believed to be a Russian soldier - is heard saying "die" and using an expletive after the POW is shot dead with automatic weapons.

A screenshot from the video purportedly showing the Ukrainian prisoner of war before he was shot dead

On Tuesday, Ukraine's military named the soldier as Tymofiy Shadura, citing preliminary information.

However, there is some doubt over his identity, with one well-known Ukrainian journalist naming him as somebody else.

The alleged killer or killers - who are not seen in the clip - have not been identified.

The BBC has not verified where and when the footage was made, or how the soldier was captured.

Ukraine's authorities have said the killing is "another proof this war is genocidal" and launched a criminal investigation, vowing to hunt down the perpetrators.

Russia has not publicly commented on the video.

Kyiv and its Western allies have accused Russian troops of committing mass war crimes - including torture, rape and murder - since President Vladimir Putin ordered the invasion. Russia denies the allegations.

Last July, a video emerged that showed another captured Ukrainian soldier being castrated in the Russian-occupied Donbas region in eastern Ukraine.

There have also been accusations against Ukrainian forces, with Moscow accusing soldiers of executing a group of Russian prisoners in November.

A Ukrainian official said the surrender was "staged" by Russian troops in an attempt to attack their captors.

Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky has been in the UK for talks with the Prime Minister Rishi Sunak.

The visit came ahead of a Ukrainian counter-offensive against Russian forces, expected to begin in the coming weeks.

Since the start of the conflict in Ukraine, the UK has been a major supplier of weapons and equipment to Kyiv, though on a much smaller scale than the US.

So what exactly is being sent, and how much of a difference is it making?

The UK confirmed that it had supplied Ukraine with long-range missiles earlier this month.

The Storm Shadow cruise missile has a range of over 250km (155 miles), according to the manufacturer.

By contrast, the US-supplied Himars missiles used by Ukraine only have a range of around 80 km (50 miles).

Currently, Storm Shadow has the longest range of any missile available to Ukraine, and can therefore strike targets previously believed to be safe by Russian forces.

Russia claims the system has already been used against its forces.

The UK is the first country to supply cruise missiles to Kyiv.

The UK also led the way in supplying Nato standard main battle tanks to Ukraine.

In January the UK announced that 14 Challenger 2 tanks would be sent, alongside around 30 AS90 self-propelled guns.

The Challenger 2 was built in the 1990s, but is significantly more advanced than Warsaw Pact standard tanks used by Ukraine.

Following the UK's announcement, several others committed to sending tanks to Ukraine, including Germany with its Leopard 2 model.

Many military analysts believe tanks, in co-ordination will other weapons systems, will be vital to any attempt by Ukraine to dislodge Russian forces from heavily fortified positions in the expected counter-offensive.

On Monday, Downing Street said that it would supply "hundreds" of attack drones and air defence missiles.

The statement did not reveal what kind of drones would be supplied, but it said they would have a range of over 124 miles (200km).

It is anticipated they may be used to hit logistics and control facilities deep behind Russian lines.

In 2022, the Ministry of Defence announced supplies of heavy lift drone systems to provide logistical support to isolated forces.

Analysts say that drones can be very effective in getting supplies over the "last mile" to front line troops, particularly under threat of Russian artillery fire and in situations where there is a risk of encirclement.

"It's the sheer quantity of stuff needed by troops," says Justin Bronk of the Royal United Services Institute (Rusi). "Every time you can use a drone instead of a soldier to get supplies forward is one less time someone is exposed to extreme danger."

The donation of M270 multiple-launch rocket systems with M31A1 precision munitions to Ukraine was confirmed in 2022.

The UK's M270 system is similar to the American Himars launchers.

Jack Watling Rusi told the BBC: "These systems are precisely what Ukraine needs. They allow the Ukrainians to out-range a lot of the Russian artillery systems and also to strike with precision."

The UK has sent more than 5,000 next generation light anti-tank weapons, or Nlaw, to Ukraine.

Nlaws are designed to destroy tanks at short range with a single shot.

Crucially for Ukraine's armed forces who need weapons immediately, the missiles are easy to transport and simple to use. A soldier can be trained to use them in less than a day.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Many analysts believe they had a major impact on the course of the conflict in the days following Russia's invasion.

"Nlaw was absolutely critical to the defeat of Russian ground thrusts in the early stages of the war," says Mr Bronk.

The weapons have been "particularly effective" when used in combination with artillery, he says.

Maritime Brimstone missiles were also sent to Ukraine in 2022.

Brimstones can be used against tanks, artillery and some smaller vessels such as landing craft, according to Capt Chris Carlson, formerly of the US Navy.

The missiles are normally fired from aircraft, but in Ukraine they are being modified to be fired from trucks.

Launching them from the ground reduces their effective range, says Capt Carlson.

When used as anti-ship missiles, Brimstones are far too small to sink larger vessels, but could cause substantial damage.

"It all depends where you hit," he says. "If you went through an engine or near the water line, you could give an enemy some serious trouble."

Britain has donated at least 120 armoured vehicles to Ukraine, including Mastiff patrol vehicles.

Mastiffs were very popular among British troops in Afghanistan as they provide a high level of protection against landmines and improvised explosive devices.

Analysts say that in an area which as been as heavily mined as the Donbas, Mastiffs are likely to be very useful.

It is understood that both sides in the conflict have used landmines extensively.

Britain says it has donated at least six air defence systems, including Starstreak missiles.

Starstreak is designed to bring down low-flying aircraft at short range.

It ignores counter-measures such as flares and chaff deployed by many aircraft.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

"From a pilot's point of view, Starstreak is a very unpleasant thing," says Mr Bronk. "There's very little you can do about it."

He says Russian forces may deem some operations too risky if they are aware that a weapon as deadly as Starstreak is on the ground.

The UK has also supplied Stormer vehicles to act as a mobile platform for Starstreak missiles.

Other equipment supplied by the UK includes:

Last updated on .From the section Tennis

Coverage: Live across BBC TV, radio and online with extensive coverage on BBC iPlayer, Red Button, Connected TVs and mobile app. More coverage details

Andy Murray dazzled under the Wimbledon lights again as he led Greek fifth seed Stefanos Tsitsipas in a Centre Court thriller stopped by a 23:00 BST curfew.

Britain's Murray is ranked 40th but showed his pedigree on the SW19 grass to lead 6-7 (3-7) 7-6 (7-2) 6-4.

The second-round match was stopped at 22:39 because of the restrictions put in place by the local council.

Murray, who has regularly played late in recent years, and Tsitsipas will resume a captivating contest on Friday.

Moments after 36-year-old Murray had wrapped up the third set, tournament referee Gerry Armstrong walked on to the court and discussed stopping play for the night with each player.

Murray, who screamed out as he fell just before serving out for the lead, signalled to his team the match was being cut short, while 24-year-old Tsitsipas quickly packed his bags.

The pair will return to Centre Court after Spanish top seed Carlos Alcaraz plays France's Alexandre Muller in the first match, which starts at 13:30.
• None Djokovic set for 'duel of the veterans of the tour'

Eyes were instantly drawn to this potential blockbuster when the draw was made last Friday and, after both players negotiated their opening matches on different paths, it was billed as the box-office match of the tournament so far.

Further fuel was added by the memories from their feisty clash at the 2021 US Open, where Murray said he "lost respect" for Tsitsipas after a lengthy bathroom break before a final set which the Greek won.

This time, all the drama remained on the court.

Murray is a two-time champion at the All England Club and has been talking bullishly about his chances of going deep in the draw this fortnight.

Despite missing out on a seeding, which left him vulnerable to a tough early test, the former world number one insisted he had the ability and nous to cause anyone problems.

For many people, Tsitsipas felt ripe to be on the end of an upset.

With grass not his favourite surface and a patchy record on the surface this year, there was an optimism among the home fans that Murray could earn his most notable Grand Slam win since having career-saving hip surgery in 2019.

After cruising past Ryan Peniston on Tuesday, the Scot also had the benefit of a day off, while Tsitsipas only came through a five-set duel with Dominic Thiem at almost 20:00 on Wednesday.

But the 2021 French Open runner-up and 2023 Australian Open finalist looked sharp - physically and mentally - as he showed glimpses of the form which has seen him long tipped to win one of the sport's four major titles.

There were tense moments in a tight first set where both players dominated on serve, Tsitsipas taking control of the tie-break to move ahead.

The second set followed a similar pattern.

Tsitsipas was edging the rallies as he continued to find range with his forehand, leaving Murray struggling to cope with his ferocious and consistent hitting from that side.

But, like he has done so often over the years, Murray continued to battle and managed to hold his service games with few issues as neither player conceded a break point.

That teed up another tie-break - and this time it was Murray who dominated it after finding his first serve when it mattered.

Murray playing under the floodlights on Centre Court always creates a special atmosphere and the player, by now demanding more noise from the almost-capacity crowd, thrived on the energy.

After not having a serious look at Tsitsipas's serve in the opening two sets, Murray broke to love right at the start of the third and maintained the momentum to move into the lead.

However, there was a serious scare when he fell on the baseline.

The sound of his scream, along with the knowledge of his injury history, left the whole of Centre Court anxious and there was relief when he clambered to his feet before serving out.

It had long felt the end of the third set was the natural point to suspend the match and once that was agreed, Murray walked off to a thunderous ovation.
• None Alerts: Get tennis news sent to your phone

Actress Angela Thorne, best-known for starring in To The Manor Born, has died aged 84, her family has said.

She played Marjory Frobisher in the BBC comedy series, alongside Penelope Keith as Audrey Fforbes-Hamilton and Peter Bowles as Richard DeVere from 1979 to 1981.

Thorne also starred in the BBC comedy Three Up, Two Down, opposite Michael Elphick, from 1985-1989.

Her family said she died "peacefully at home".

Thorne was also the mother of actors Rupert and Laurence Penry-Jones. and had been married to the late actor Peter Penry-Jones, who appeared in two episodes of To the Manor Born in 1981,

A statement from Rupert said she died on 16 June, adding: "She was the beloved wife of Peter Penry-Jones, and is survived by her two sons Rupert and Laurie Penry Jones and her grandchildren, Florence, Peter, Giorgio and Delilah.

"We will all miss her very much."

Angela Thorne as Marjory, Penelope Keith as Audrey and Peter Bowles as Richard, back in To The Manor Born in 2007

Thorne trained on a scholarship at the Guildhall School of Music And Drama, and later performed in repertory seasons.

In To the Manor Born, her character Marjory was the loyal friend of Audrey, who had a love-hate relationship with Richard until they married at the end of the show's three series in 1981.

The three actors returned for a one-off 60-minute special of the show in 2007.

Thorne and John Wells outside 10 Downing Street, promoting their play Anyone for Denis?

Thorne was nominated for an Olivier Award in 1981 for her stage portrayal of Margaret Thatcher in Anyone for Denis?

Three Up, Two Down: Lysette Anthony, Ray Burdis, Michael Elphick, Angela Thorne

She went on to appear in the TV series Midsomer Murders and Foyle's War, and other TV credits included police drama series Heartbeat and drama series Elizabeth R, which starred the late Glenda Jackson.

She also voiced the Queen Of England in the animated 1989 film adaptation of The BFG.

In 2013, she appeared in a stage adaptation of 1955 black comedy The Ladykillers, alongside Death In Paradise's Ralf Little, The Fast Show's Simon Day and Gregory's Girl actor John Gordon Sinclair.

Her son Rupert is best-known for playing Adam Carter in Spooks, QC Clive Reader in Silk and DI Joseph Chandler in Whitechapel. Laurence has appeared in Waking The Dead and Doctors.

Sir Jacob Rees-Mogg's show on GB News is one programme being investigated by Ofcom

The media expert who drew up the UK's broadcasting rules has urged the watchdog, Ofcom, to decide whether politicians should be allowed to present TV programmes on news channels.

Chris Banatvala said no-one foresaw the rise of politician presenters when the rules were being designed in the 2000s.

He said Ofcom should take "a view about whether what is emerging is acceptable in terms of due impartiality".

The regulator is reviewing its rules around politicians presenting TV shows.

Under Ofcom's rules, news must be presented with due impartiality, and politicians are not allowed to be newsreaders, interviewers or reporters "unless, exceptionally, it is editorially justified".

Ofcom says there are no rules against politicians hosting current affairs programmes, as long as they reflect a range of views.

But there's been a debate about how these rules apply to the growing number of programmes fronted by politicians on GB News and Talk TV, both relatively new channels.

Last month, Ofcom commissioned research into these programmes after receiving hundreds of complaints about politicians presenting shows.

Then this week, the regulator launched two investigations into potential rule breaches on two programmes, including the GB News show presented by the former cabinet minister, Sir Jacob Rees-Mogg.

In the episode in question, Sir Jacob read out a breaking story about the jury verdict in a civil case involving the former US president, Donald Trump.

Writing in the Telegraph this week, Ofcom's chief executive, Melanie Dawes, said the regulator had a "crucial role in preserving the integrity of broadcast news" and a duty to "ensure our rules remain effective".

Mr Banatvala was Ofcom's director of standards when the regulator's rules around politicians presenting programmes were introduced in 2005.

He told the BBC that in a changing media landscape, we need "a grown-up debate about whether and how we want to apply due impartiality to news".

"It's evident now that news channels are blurring the boundaries between genuine news, current affairs and opinion," he said. "That may be a good reason for Ofcom to look at these rules in the round."

He added: "We may need to look at whether these rules are fit for purpose, and whether we need to amend or adjust them."

He said the tenor of programme on some channels in the UK "is something that's come across the pond from America".

It's long been common to see politicians hosting programmes that veer between partisan commentary and news coverage on channels such as Fox News in the US.

The UK's impartiality rules go back decades and were included in Ofcom's broadcasting code following its creation as the communications regulator in 2003.

If broadcasters are found to have breached the code, Ofcom has powers to impose fines and other sanctions.

When the impartiality rules were drafted, Mr Banatvala said, they were felt to be "ample and adequate to prevent any programme from using the same political party over and over again".

"It wasn't ever envisaged that a news channel would use politicians from the same political party to present programmes, day in, day out," he said.

Grilling two Ofcom directors at a meeting of the Culture, Media and Sport Committee in Parliament on Tuesday, SNP MP John Nicolson asked why the regulator was not taking more action over programmes fronted by sitting politicians.

John Nicolson suggested Jacob Rees-Mogg's show had "the grammar of a news programme"

Singling out Mr Rees-Mogg's programme on GB News, Mr Nicolson said "every day, he churns out the same pro-Brexit, right-wing stuff", arguing "what he's doing is blurring news presenting and commentary".

He asked: "Why don't you act to stop this?"

Kate Davies, Ofcom's public policy director, said the watchdog looks at current affairs programmes "differently" to those focused solely on news.

Following further frank exchanges, Mr Nicolson said "we've lost all sight of objective journalism" and suggested "we're going to proceed down a route where we end up with awful, American-style ranting at the camera, we're already seeing it, masquerading as news".

Kate Biggs, Ofcom's content policy director, said the media watchdog takes its responsibility on impartiality and accuracy rules "very seriously".

She said the regulator's investigations into programmes "do set a precedent for other editors".

TalkTV said it "will engage with the Ofcom process and looks forward to defending its output."

GB News has also been contacted for comment.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

Tewkesbury Academy was locked down following the attack on Monday morning but reopened on Tuesday

A teenage boy has been charged after a teacher was stabbed in a corridor at a school.

The 15-year-old was charged with attempted wounding with intent and possession of bladed article following the attack at Tewkesbury Academy.

Maths teacher Jamie Sansom was wounded just after 09:00 BST on Monday.

The boy, who cannot be named due to his age, remains in police custody and will appear at Cheltenham Magistrates' Court on Wednesday.

He was arrested in Stoke Orchard, some three miles (4.8km) from the school, about two hours after the stabbing.

In a statement on Tuesday, Mr Sansom, who has taught at Tewkesbury Academy since 2017, said he had not been breaking up a fight between students when he was wounded.

He said he was "recovering well" from his injuries and hoped to be back in the classroom before the summer break if doctors gave him the "all-clear".

Police said he suffered a single stab wound and was taken to Gloucestershire Royal Hospital and was discharged later the same day.

Jamie Sansom said he had received more than 100 messages of support, which he described as "a big boost"

The academy was locked down and two neighbouring schools were also asked to shut their doors as a precaution following the incident, Gloucestershire Police said on Monday.

It added there would be a police presence at the school over the coming days to provide reassurance to pupils.

Follow BBC West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: bristol@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Nominations for those seeking to stand in May's local government elections have closed.

The poll on 18 May was pushed back by two weeks due to the coronation of King Charles III on 6 May.

It will be the first electoral test for Northern Ireland's political parties since last May's assembly elections.

There are 462 seats that will be contested in all of Northern Ireland's 11 councils.

Those seeking to be candidates in the election had to have their documentation submitted before the deadline.

The DUP won the most council seats in 2019 elections at 122 seats with Sinn Féin not far behind on 105.

However, they were overtaken by Sinn Féin in last year's assembly election.

Since then, there has been stalemate at Stormont with the DUP's boycott of the executive and assembly in protest at the post-Brexit trading arrangements.

Northern Ireland councils are funded via rates, government grants and fees charged for local services.

They look after a range of services, including waste collection and disposal, local planning, street cleaning, sport and leisure services, and parks and open spaces.

The elections use the single transferable vote (STV) system, the same as is used for elections to the Northern Ireland Assembly.

For more information on what's at stake, read BBC News NI's local election guide.

Temperatures in southern Europe are expected to peak on Tuesday, as a days-long heatwave continues.

Firefighters have been battling wildfires in countries across the region, including in Spain, Greece, and Switzerland.

Biden spoke of threats to democracy during speech

On the motorcade route outside Ulster University earlier, a lone Trump flag waved to greet the US president. A familiar sight in America - but an unexpected one for this president who so proudly touts his Irish-American ties to this place. Another protester nearby held a sign that read "Fake Catholic. Fake president." Between folksy anecdotes designed for laugh lines about what Northern Ireland and the Republic mean to him, President Biden's remarks didn't focus solely on the international politics of this visit. “Those of you who have been to America know there is a large population that is invested in what happens here,” Biden said during his speech at Ulster University. "Supporting the people of Northern Ireland, protecting the peace, preserving the Belfast Good Friday Agreement is a priority for Democrats and Republicans alike in the United States, and that is unusual today because we have been very divided in our parties.” The president's oft-repeated ode to the importance of democracy here, in America, and around the world was not missing from his brief remarks. And his reference to the threats that American democracy faced during the 6 January riots at the US Capitol two years ago won’t have fallen on deaf ears for a city whose residents were once no stranger to persistent conflict and violence.

Band member Ian 'H' Watkins told Chippenham Pride he did not want to perform in Dubai because of the human rights issues there

Steps turned down a show in Dubai over a contract clause which stated they were not allowed to mention sexuality, band member Ian 'H' Watkins has said.

He told Chippenham Pride in Wiltshire he was at a point in his life where morals were more important than a "pot of gold gig".

Watkins said nobody had known Steps were offered the show in the Middle East but he said it was "important" to raise the issue.

In an interview with Bobbi Pickard, chief executive of Trans in the city, on Saturday, Watkins said he was "emotional" that he had not spoken up sooner and wished he had had "the guts" to do so.

"This week we were offered a gig, a show, and it was in a country where there's lots of oppression, where the LGBTQ+ community is treated so horrendously," he said.

"And in the contract it said 'no mention of sexuality' and that really jarred with me.

"I'm at a point in my life now where my morals and what I strive for is more important that that pot of gold gig was in Dubai," he said.

The popstar organised the first-ever Pride for his hometown of Cowbridge, Vale of Glamorgan

Mr Watkins said he gave his reasons for not wanting to perform.

"It's because of all the horrendous human rights issues that are happening there," he said.

Dubai is one of the United Arab Emirates, which has strict laws against homosexuality.

Nearby Qatar, which hosted the 2022 World Cup, has similar rules.

It was criticised for its attitude to LGBT people, its human rights record and its treatment of migrant workers.

"Respecting and backing H's position has shown fabulous allyship," Ms Pickard said.

"They [Steps] have a strong Pride community following, and this reinforces their support and love for their fans."

She added she would like to see other artists follow in Steps' example and think twice about performing in places where people in their fan base face imprisonment or the death penalty.

Ian "H" Watkins publicly came out in 2007, a decade after Steps launched

Mr Watkins said he had told the band they were welcome to perform without him, but the band decided to follow his decision.

He said regardless of one's gender, sexuality, or colour, people should be able to live their best life, and be their authentic selves.

"It felt like a little win.

"If everybody did that, all of those ripples will make huge waves, and we will have a much more inclusive and beautiful place to live."

Water cremation is set to be made available for the first time in the UK.

The process, known as resomation, uses a mix of potassium hydroxide and water to break down human remains in what is billed as a more sustainable option.

It takes four hours - the bones remain, and are powdered then returned to loved ones in a similar way to ashes, in an urn.

Resomation is used in Canada, South Africa and many US states.

It will be the first alternative way to dispose of a body in the UK since the introduction of the Cremation Act in 1902 - and Co-op Funeralcare will be the first to offer it, starting later this year.

The British company Resomation, which supplies the equipment, claims the process produces a third less greenhouse gas than cremation and uses a seventh of the energy.

According to the founder of the company, Sandy Sullivan, the liquid used in resomation is "safely returned to the water cycle free from any traces of DNA".

Anti-apartheid campaigner Archbishop Desmond Tutu chose the process for his funeral arrangements in South Africa - he died in late 2021.

Gill Stewart, managing director of Co-op Funeralcare, said that "land for burials is running out", and that resomation could help the industry "improve its carbon reduction targets and meet the capacity challenges of a growing population".

The funeral provider anticipates that the cost of resomation will be similar to that of a traditional cremation.

Initially, resomation will only be offered in certain locations - which are yet to be announced - with the intention of expanding it across the UK, the funeral chain said.

The prime suspect in the disappearance of Madeleine McCann will not face German charges for alleged rape and sexual abuse in a separate case.

Last year, a court in the city of Braunschweig charged Christian Brueckner with five sexual offences.

But it now says it does not have jurisdiction because Brueckner last lived in a different part of Germany.

Brueckner has never been charged over Madeleine's disappearance and has denied any involvement.

In October 2022, evidence for additional allegations emerged during the McCann investigation.

Braunschweig's chief prosecutor charged Brueckner with five offences alleged to have been carried out between 2000 and 2017 in Portugal, including the rape and the sexual abuse of two children.

The five charges in full:

Although the court in Braunschweig has dropped the case, it is understood Brueckner could still be charged with the same offences in a different court in Germany.

Originally the case was taken up in Braunschweig because that was the region where he was last officially registered.

But in reality, before moving to Portugal, he had been living in a caravan in the state of Saxony Anhalt.

It is expected that prosecutors in other parts of Germany will now decide whether to pursue the charges and stake a claim to jurisdiction.

Three-year-old Madeleine, from Rothley, Leicestershire, was on holiday with her family at the Ocean Club in Praia da Luz, in Portugal's Algarve when she disappeared on 3 May 2007. Her whereabouts remain unknown.

Brueckner has never been charged over her disappearance.

The convicted sex offender is currently serving a seven-year sentence for rape which he committed in 2005 in Portugal.

Madeleine McCann was three when she went missing in 2007

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Erin also plans to bring forward her wedding to her partner, Dan, to this year

A mum who lost her youngest son in a caravan fire has said she has been given months to live after being diagnosed with terminal cancer.

Erin Harvey lost a son as a baby after he was born prematurely before Zac was killed three years ago - and now the 30-year-old has a rare form of cancer.

Erin has written birthday and wedding cards for her two surviving sons, one of whom was seriously hurt in the fire.

"They've already lost brothers and now they'll lose their mum," she said.

"Just knowing that I'm not going to be there to watch them grow up, that's the hardest thing about this whole situation."

Erin is focusing on making her remaining time fun for sons Alex, 13, and eight-year-old Harley - and plans to marry partner Dan before she dies.

"We want to have a nice big celebration with all our family and friends," said Erin, who is from Ceredigion in mid Wales.

"We want to go to Legoland for Harley. We've got a camper van so, in between chemotherapy, we'll take any chance we get to go away and make memories.

"And we hope to have one last big, happy Christmas with all of the family around.

Zac (left) died, aged three, in a caravan fire three years ago while his brother Harley, who was then four, survived

"My main focus now is making the most of the time we have. I'm just not thinking about all the things that I'm going to miss and all of the things that we won't get to do."

Erin, who has been documenting her cancer journey on TikTok, had been trying for a baby with fiancé Dan, who she was due to marry - but they are hoping to bring the wedding forward to this year.

Erin, fiancé Dan and Harley are trying to go away in their camper van as much as they can

"I've been trying to distract myself by doing positive things so I'm making the boys' scrapbooks and have bought birthday cards all the way up to their 21st birthdays," said Erin.

"I've also done cards for their weddings and when they pass their driving tests.

"I'm just focusing on the now and making this next few months as normal for the kids as we possibly can. I have to be strong for them, I don't want them seeing me being upset all of the time."

Erin's second son Tyler, who had health complications after being born prematurely, died in December 2012 when he was just a few months old after suffering a cardiac arrest.

Erin says the hardest thing she is dealing with is the knowing her two sons will grow up without their mum

Erin's fourth and youngest son Zac died, aged three, during a sleepover with his dad Shaun after suffering smoke inhalation in a caravan fire in January 2020 that was probably caused by an electric fan heater.

Zac's elder brother Harley suffered lifechanging injuries in the blaze after being airlifted to Bristol in a critical condition. He was treated in hospital for six weeks and was not expected to survive but has now recovered.

Now Erin, a support worker for adults with disabilities who lives in Pontrhydfendigaid in Ceredigion, has been diagnosed with stage four Ampullary cancer, a rare form of the disease related to the digestive system.

Erin had surgery to remove the tumour but the cancer has spread and now friends have started an online fundraiser to help the family "make magical memories".

"It's terminal and I have been given months rather years to live," said Erin.

Erin Harvey has documented being diagnosed with cancer on social media

"I don't think anyone thinks they'd have that conversation with their kids about this situation, especially not at 30 years old and when they're still so young with a lot of growing up to do.

"Alex has already lost two brothers in his lifetime and I think it's going to be really hard on them because they're so close since the fire.

"I had to sit Alex down the other day about the terminal diagnoses and tried not to cry - but I did.

Erin's son Harley climbed the equivalent of Everest to raise money for a burns charity in Wales after he was seriously injured in a fire that killed his brother

"It's going to be tough but it's finding that balance between what we can do and what we can't because we don't have control over it.

"Everyone around me is hurting and it's horrible to see people so upset, knowing that I can't do anything to make them feel better."

If you have been affected by any of the issues in this story, the BBC Action Line has links to organisations which can offer support and advice

"It's a bit scary isn't it after only two weeks to see those results."

Aimee, 24, has spent two weeks on an ultra-processed diet as part of a test carried out by scientists from King's College London for BBC Panorama.

Her identical twin, Nancy, was also on a diet containing exactly the same amount of calories, nutrients, fat, sugar and fibre - but she was consuming raw or low-processed foods.

Aimee gained nearly a kilo in weight - Nancy lost weight. Aimee's blood sugar levels also worsened and her blood fat levels - lipids - went up.

This was a short-term study on just one set of twins, but the results highlight growing fears among some scientists about the possible impact of so-called ultra-processed foods on our health, which BBC Panorama has been investigating.

Prof Tim Spector, is a professor of epidemiology at King's College London, who studies trends in disease and oversaw the test.

He told BBC Panorama: "In the last decade, the evidence has been slowly growing that ultra-processed food is harmful for us in ways we hadn't thought.

"We're talking about a whole variety of cancers, heart disease, strokes, dementia."

The term ultra-processed foods - or UPF - was only coined 15 years ago but it makes up about half the things we now eat in the UK.

From sliced brown bread to ready meals and ice cream, it is a group of foods made with varying - but often substantial - levels of industrial processing. Ingredients used, such as preservatives, artificial sweeteners and emulsifiers, do not typically feature in home cooking.

"Ultra-processed foods are among the most profitable foods companies can make," says Prof Marion Nestle, a food politics expert and professor of nutrition at New York University.

Some academics think the link is not coincidental.

Ultra-processed convenience foods contain chemicals that UK regulators say are safe, but Panorama investigates emerging scientific evidence of a link between some of these chemicals and cancer, diabetes and strokes.

Watch on BBC iPlayer now, or on BBC One at 20:00 BST on Monday 5 June (20:30 in Northern Ireland and 23:10 in Wales)

In January, one of the most comprehensive studies on ultra-processed food - by Imperial College's School of Public Health - was published in The Lancet medical journal.

The study of 200,000 UK adults found that higher consumption of ultra-processed foods may be linked to an increased risk of developing cancer overall, and specifically ovarian and brain cancers.

And, as of last month, the World Health Organization (WHO) is now cautioning against the long-term use of artificial sweeteners - citing potential health risks.

It follows dozens of studies linking increasing consumption of UPF to increased risk of developing serious illnesses.

But proving that specific ingredients cause human harm can be challenging - there are a range of other factors in our lifestyles that can cause these diseases. For example: lack of exercise, smoking or sugary diets.

The first investigations into mortality and consumption of ultra-processed food started in France at the University Sorbonne Paris Nord, as part of the ongoing study into the eating habits of 174,000 people.

"We have 24-hour dietary records during which they tell us all the foods, the beverages and so on, that they are eating," explains Dr Mathilde Touvier who heads up the study.

The ongoing research has already published results showing UPF may drive an increased burden of cancer.

Nancy (l) and Aimee (r) took part in the two-week long test

More recently, they have been looking into the impact of one specific ingredient - emulsifiers - which act as a glue in ultra-processed foods to hold everything together.

Emulsifiers are the Holy Grail for the food industry - they improve the appearance and texture of food, and help to extend the shelf life far beyond that of less-processed food.

They're everywhere, in mayonnaise, chocolate, peanut butter, meat products. If you eat, you're likely to be consuming emulsifiers as part of your diet.

BBC's Panorama was given exclusive access to Dr Touvier's early results.

They are yet to be peer reviewed - a crucial verification step for scientific studies - but she said they are still concerning.

"We observed significant associations between emulsifier intake and increased risk of cancer overall - and breast cancer notably - but also with cardiovascular diseases," she says.

This means that a pattern has been observed between consuming ultra-processed food and disease risk, but further research is needed.

Despite the growing body of evidence, the UK's Food Standards Agency (FSA) - which regulates the food industry in England, Wales and Northern Ireland - has yet to issue any regulation restricting emulsifiers.

When Panorama asked the FSA about the growing body of evidence that these additives could cause harm it said: "We have not been presented with any evidence - by this programme or otherwise - of any specific emulsifiers which are believed to pose a risk to health."

But the FSA said it planned to hold a public consultation.

Could the food industry itself be playing a role in pushing back on regulation?

The BBC Panorama team spent the past eight months investigating.

"Food companies are not public health agencies... their job is to sell products," food politics expert Prof Nestle told the BBC.

She said the food industry has been known to fund research, sponsor experts and disparage existing studies to prevent regulation.

The International Life Sciences Institute (ILSI) is a body that receives funding from some of the world's largest food companies.

It says its mission is to "provide science that improves human health" - but it has previously published studies globally undermining regulation and public guidance on healthy diets. In 2012, the European Food Safety Agency was so worried about potential conflicts of interest, it insisted anyone associated with ILSI either had to resign from the institute or leave the agency.

Prof Alan Boobis, emeritus professor at Imperial College London, is an unpaid director of ILSI Europe and a former vice president of its board of directors. But he also heads up a group of UK scientists, known as the Committee on Toxicity which provides advice on the risk of chemicals in food to the FSA.

More than half the members of the committee have recent links to the food or chemicals industries. And over the past 10 years, the committee hasn't supported a single restriction on the use of any chemical additive in our food.

Prof Boobis told Panorama his advice wasn't slanted to favour industry, and he had always been "totally committed to conducting and identifying the very best scientific research... whoever is funding it."

The Food Standards Agency said it had a "clear code of conduct… for declarations of interest" and that it had "no evidence" bias has affected its decisions.

ILSI said: "[We] operate within a framework of the highest principles of scientific integrity."

One of the most controversial additives in UPF is the sweetener aspartame.

Two-hundred times sweeter than sugar, it has been heralded as a great low-calorie alternative - turning once unhealthy sugary drinks, ice cream and mousses into products marketed as "healthy".

There have been questions about its potential harm over the past two decades.

Then, last month, the World Health Organization said, although the evidence is not conclusive, it was concerned that long-term use of sweeteners like aspartame may increase the risk of "type 2 diabetes, heart diseases, and mortality".

Aspartame is sometimes used to sweeten ice cream

In 2013, the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) decided - after looking at all the available evidence - that aspartame was safe. The UK's Food Standards Agency accepted this position.

The Committee on Toxicity looked at a study into aspartame in 2013 and concluded that the results "did not indicate any need for action to protect the health of the public".

Six years later, Prof Erik Millstone, emeritus professor of science policy at the University of Sussex, decided to review the same evidence considered by EFSA - to see who had funded the different studies.

He discovered that 90% of the studies defending the sweetener were funded by large chemical corporations that manufacture and sell aspartame.

And that all the studies suggesting that aspartame may cause harm were funded by non-commercial, independent sources.

A spokesperson for the Food and Drink Federation, a membership body for manufacturers, told the BBC that companies took "the health of consumers, and safety of the food they produce, seriously - and adhere to the strict regulations".

A spokesperson for the International Sweeteners Association said: "Low/no calorie sweeteners are safe to use, are amongst the most thoroughly researched ingredients in the world and have been approved by all major food safety bodies, including the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration."

The FSA says it will look into WHO's ongoing assessment of aspartame. And the government says it is aware of the growing concerns around UPF and has ordered a review into the evidence on ultra-processed foods.

Watch Panorama - Ultra-Processed Food: A Recipe For Ill-Health? - on BBC iPlayer and listen to 5Live listeners have their say with Nicky Campbell, Is ultra processed food okay?

For Dads By Dads runs a 10-week programme to educate new and expectant dads

A dad who suffered a breakdown after witnessing the traumatic birth of his son says the impact a new baby can have on fathers is often overlooked.

Mark Williams, 48, said both the birth and supporting his wife through postnatal depression had a "massive impact" on his mental health.

"The first time I had a panic attack was in the labour ward thinking my wife and baby were going to die," he said.

Mark, from Bridgend, said he suffered in silence with depression for years.

Mark was diagnosed with anxiety, depression and later ADHD after the birth of his son

Then in 2004 when his wife went into labour he witnessed her in prolonged pain and had to stand by helpless when she was rushed to theatre.

When their baby was still small his wife was diagnosed with post-natal depression.

"Obviously I witnessed my wife go through those things as well," he said.

"I was really unwell, I was drinking, avoiding situations."

He began looking for support but struggled, and found a lack of conversation around new dads and mental health.

He was eventually diagnosed with anxiety and depression and later Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).

He said therapy, medication and learning coping skills through Cognitive Behavioural Therapy all played a part in improving his mental health.

Today he is an advocate for fathers' mental health and wants to see more support for new and expectant dads.

"If dad is suffering with mental health or confidence, whatever that looks like, that can have an impact on the relationship and obviously on the child as well," he said.

"So it's really important that all parents should have our support."

Mark has been supporting the For Dads By Dads group in Torfaen, educating new and expecting men on the challenges of the early years of fatherhood.

The group was set up by another dad, Jacob Guy, who said: "There were times where I did feel a little bit isolated and needed more information to be the best dad that I could be.

Jacob Guy found a lack of support for new dads when he became a father so set up a group

When Jacob, 41, from Chepstow, Monmouthshire, became a dad he felt that he did not have a network of people who were going through the same thing and would understand how he was feeling.

He looked around for dad groups but was unable to find the support he was looking for.

In 2022 he decided to set up a 10-week programme aimed to give dads a safe space and to educate new and expectant dads by running workshops covering a wide range of subjects.

For Dads, By Dads aims to build confidence in new fathers

The group gives opportunities to fathers to share experiences, build a network of support and tackle the challenges that come with fatherhood.

And that support is vital: According to the British Journal of Midwifery, one in 10 fathers are affected by post-natal depression, which is about the same rate as mothers.

Up to 38% of new dads are worried about their mental health and want more support, according social enterprise DadPad, which was developed with the NHS and real-life dads.

The Welsh government said it was investing in the development of perinatal mental health teams and networks.

"We remain committed to improving perinatal mental health services and will consider what further action can be taken," it said.

Jacob said he had seen the positive impact being around other dads had had on new fathers.

"It's built their confidence to know we're not going to get it right all the time," he said.

"If we make mistakes, we dust ourselves down and we start again."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Greg Ead called the attack a "devastating blow for the community”

A five-month-old baby has been taken to hospital after a dog attack, police have said.

Emergency services were called to Penyrheol, Caerphilly county, on Saturday morning, Gwent Police said.

The baby was taken to Cardiff's University Hospital of Wales. The child's injuries are unknown but are not believed to be life-threatening.

Caerphilly MP Wayne David said he was shocked by the incident, after two recent fatal dog attacks in the area.

All three incidents have happened within a half mile (about 0.8 km) radius of each other.

The Welsh Ambulance Service confirmed it was called to a dog attack at 09:00 BST.

Caerphilly councillor, Greg Ead, said witnesses heard screams coming from the property at the time of the attack.

Local groups met on Thursday to discuss how to stop the rising numbers of attacks, with campaigners saying more needs to be done.

Police say they will be making further inquiries and will remain at the scene as the investigation continues

Gwent Police said officers seized the dog and confirmed no other animals were involved.

"We were called to an address in Penyrheol, Caerphilly at around 9.10am on Saturday 29 April, following reports of a dog attack," said the force.

"A five-month-old baby has been taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries.

"The dog was seized by officers. No other animals were involved in the attack."

Chief Insp Laura Bartley said officers would be making further inquiries and would "remain at the scene as the investigation progresses".

"It is possible that you may see ongoing police activity in Caerphilly as part of this work, but please do not be alarmed.

"If you have concerns or information then please do stop and talk with us."

Penyrheol councillor, Greg Ead, said his son was staying at his girlfriend's home on the same street where they heard and shouts and screams.

Mr Ead called the attack "traumatic" for everyone on the road.

"I think another death would be absolutely devastating for this community," he said.

The incident comes after two fatal dog attacks in the area. The latest is understood to have happened at Y Cilgant in Penyrheol.

A previous dog attack in Penyrheol saw Jack Lis, 10, killed by an XL Bully dog back in 2021

Jack Lis, 10, from Caerphilly, died after being mauled by an American or XL Bully dog - a legal breed - in November 2021.

And Shirley Patrick, 83, died in hospital after suffering a "violent and unnatural" death after being attacked by a dog in Caerphilly in December.

Jack's mum Emma Whitfield has been campaigning for changes in the law about breeding and selling dogs since his death.

"At the moment anyone can buy and sell a dog with no knowledge of where the dog has come from or who it is going to," she told BBC Wales on Sunday.

Ms Whitfield said she wanted to see more emphasis placed on breeding and selling dogs.

"With owners, I think people need to start realising that they have responsibilities.

"This problem is not going away."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. "I can't say out loud what I saw because I don't want other people to have to picture it either"

In February, Welsh Labour MS Lesley Griffiths said the Welsh government had updated its animal welfare licensing regulations and closed "loopholes relating to pet sales".

She told the Senedd: "We need to make sure the public are making informed decisions when they buy a pet, but there is absolutely more we can do.

"I've asked officials to actually start to look at dog licensing again."

Details of the dog's breed involved in Saturday's attack has not yet been released by police.

Caerphilly MP Wayne David added: "There have been a number of incidents around Penyrheol.

"It shows there needs to be recognition that all dogs are potentially dangerous, particularly ones with a strong physique.

"Dogs like this need to be handled with great care and caution. They need to be trained properly.

"It's about responsible dog ownership. Children should not be able to go near them.

"The more general issue is all sorts of cross breeds being breed for the wrong reason with many not appropriate to be pets. They are bred to be violent.

"Not sure that's the case here.

"The aim is to have a different kind of approach to the issue of dogs.

"We must make sure that all owners are aware of what they are taking on when they are small puppies to make sure that people recognise that keeping a dog like this is a big undertaking."

Mr David said it was too difficult to ban certain breeds because of crossbreeding.

"So many of these breeds are now cross breeds, it's not that easy, you would have a list of thousands of breeds.

"What is happening is that the regulations are being broken, the wrong kinds of dogs are being bred."

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Researchers in Cambridge are developing gene-edited potatoes that don't bruise in order to reduce food waste

Gene-edited food can now be developed commercially in England following a change in the law.

Supporters of the technology say it will speed up the development of hardier crops that will be needed because of climate change.

Critics say that the change could bring ''disaster'' to our food production and the environment.

Gene editing involves making precise changes to an organism's DNA to enhance certain characteristics.

The new law also opens the door to the development of gene-edited farm animals, but a further vote by MPs will be required before it is allowed, again only in England.

The Scottish, Welsh and Northern Irish governments have not permitted the commercial use of gene editing.

Scientists say that gene editing can help to produce new climate-change resistant crops quickly

Gene editing in England had been covered under the same tight regulation that has restricted the commercial development of GM crops under EU law. Brexit has enabled the Westminster government to relax the rules for the newer technology.

The chief scientific advisor for the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra), Prof Gideon Henderson, says that the new rules will lead to better food production and bring jobs and investment to England.

"What's changed is that we can now use precision breeding technology developed in the lab and take it into the fields so that we can grow better crops and bring them to market more readily so that we can use the technology to enhance agricultural outcomes and food production in the UK and globally," he said.

The Precision Breeding Act allows only genetic changes that could also have been produced naturally or through traditional crossbreeding programmes already in use today. GM can involve the introduction of genes from other species and will not be permitted.

Gene editing enables researchers to make precise genetic changes to a plant's DNA, for example adding a gene to boost its growth or reduce dependence on fertiliser. The same change could be produced by crossbreeding different varieties, but it would take much longer.

The new law allows for the use of gene editing and other methods that may arise in the future, provided the end result is a crop that is no different to a variety that could have been naturally produced.

Gene-edited tomatoes rich in a chemical with calming effects are on sale in Japan

Critics of genetically altered food, such as Pat Thomas of Beyond GM, are concerned that gene-edited crops will not have to go through the extensive testing required of GM foods in the EU, which may result in the introduction of toxins and allergens into the food chain.

"The entire process of this bill has been of the government consulting scientists with vested interests, usually in the biotech industry, who are reassuring the government that this change in the law will have no consequences," she said.

"History has shown that when you remove regulatory control, particularly for food and the environment, there is looming disaster on the horizon.''

Defra's response is that the Food Standards Agency, the FSA will only authorise products for sale if they are judged to present no risk to health.

There is also concern that labelling of gene-edited food is not a requirement and it is unclear how GE food from England will be prevented from entering other parts of the UK, where it is still banned.

A US firm is gene editing blackberries that don't have seeds

A Welsh Government spokesperson said that this would create "unavoidable consequences for Wales".

"Gene-edited plants, animals and products from England will be marketable here without the authorisations our law requires," they said.

"This undermines the devolution settlement. The UK Government chose not to engage with us, despite our efforts, whilst developing the bill and this means the effects of it have not been properly considered."

The Scottish government has a long-standing opposition to GM and wishes to stay in step with the EU, though its stance is opposed by NFU Scotland who says it puts Scottish farmers at a competitive disadvantage.

The Northern Ireland government has to follow the protocol negotiated with the EU which requires that it remains in step with rules regarding the definition of GM crops in Europe, which also cover gene-edited crops.

There is however enthusiasm for the use of gene editing among some plant breeders in England.

The National Institute of Agricultural Botany, just outside Cambridge, has been breeding new varieties of crops for UK farmers for more than a hundred years.

They crossbreed different varieties to produce new ones that grow better and are more resistant to diseases. It can take ten to fifteen years of development. The head of the lab, Prof Mario Caccamo told BBC News that he wants to use the technology to develop new varieties that can grow well in the hotter, drier conditions that the UK is experiencing more regularly, because of climate change.

"When we look to how the population is growing and how much we are increasing our yields using traditional methods, we are lagging behind," he said. "The projections show that we have to have an acceleration into how we can improve crops otherwise we are going to be struggling to feed the world."

A new variety of barley being tested by KWS plant breeders in Hertfordshire will take twelve years to come to market using conventional breeding techniques. The firm claims that gene editing will significantly reduce that time.

The UK is among the world leaders in research into plant genetics. But that expertise has not been able to take off, because of the effective ban on the commercial development of the technology, according to its supporters. The hope is that the change in law will attract new investment leading to new companies, new jobs and new foods.

Bayer Crop Science has developed GM crops for use across the world, employing more than 30,000 people.

But in the UK, it has a staff of 90 who are involved in traditional plant breeding. The company isn't ready to announce any new investment plans in England yet - but the firm's head of marketing in the UK, Lindy Blanchard, welcomed the change in the law.

"We are really, really excited and we are committed to help farmers overcome the challenges of climate change and we want to provide safe sustainable food for society, so no doubt we will be looking at this but it is step by step."

The new act also has provision to allow gene-edited animals on English farms, like these disease resistant pigs, developed in Scotland. But that will require another vote by MPs in Westminster once the government is satisfied that animals won't suffer.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Raymond Beggs, from St Mark's High School in Warrenpoint, and Noreen Kelly from St Dallan's Primary School on a picket line

Teachers taking part in a strike that has closed most schools in Northern Ireland say they had no choice but industrial action.

Members of all five Northern Ireland teaching unions are on strike, mostly over a long-running pay dispute.

"Why is my labour worth so much less than it is in the rest of the UK when we have a world class education system?" teacher Melanie Doherty asked.

She said teachers will leave Northern Ireland if they did not act.

Public service workers are also on strike with ports, MOT centres and courts affected.

Speaking before she joined the picket line with her colleagues at Foyle College in Londonderry, Ms Doherty told BBC Radio Ulster's Good Morning Ulster that she was "downhearted" but that teachers felt there was "no other way" to put their point across.

"We have a world class education system, but if we continue with the cuts and devaluing teachers we're not going to have that in Northern Ireland for much longer," she said.

For the first time, the National Association of Head Teachers (NAHT) is taking part in the full day's strike, joining four teaching unions who staged a previous walkout on 21 February.

The unions involved include the Northern Ireland Public Service Alliance (Nipsa) the civil servants union, along with members of the Public and Commercial Services Union (PCS), the National Union of General and Municipal Workers (GMB), Unite and all the teachers' unions.

The action by the unions representing teachers is mainly due to a pay dispute, with a stalemate over a deal running for more than a year.

In February 2022, unions rejected a pay offer from employers for the years 2021-2023 as "inadequate".

Since then the cost of living has spiralled with inflation at more than 10%.

But with Stormont's education budget under severe pressure it is not clear how much money is available to make teachers a pay offer the unions would accept.

Members of the NASUWT (National Association of Schoolmasters and Union of Women Teachers) who work in further education (FE) colleges in Northern Ireland will, for the first time in the current dispute, join their colleagues on strike.

It is the first time in its 125-year history that members of the NAHT have taken strike action over pay.

Mark McTaggart, northern secretary for INTO (Irish National Teachers' Organisation), warned there would be a crisis in recruitment and retention of teachers in Northern Ireland.

"Teachers are significantly underpaid compared to every other teacher in these islands and schools across the north have no budgets in real terms," he told Good Morning Ulster.

"We are already talking about an education system which is half a billion pounds in debt - if there a 10% cut we are talking about £0.75bn debt.

"All that is going to lead to a reduction in the number of teachers in schools, which is going to have a devastating effect on the life chances of our young people across the north."

The president of the Ulster Teachers' Union (UTU), Lynelle Fenton, said: "I really don't think parents realise the cuts that are coming and the profound, potentially irreparable damage they will do to our education system, a system which until now has often been the envy of other parts of the UK."

NASUWT members who work in further education (FE) colleges in Northern Ireland will, for the first time in the current dispute, also join their colleagues in schools in striking

​In a statement, a spokesperson for the five unions said their members had "waited far too long for a satisfactory offer from the employers".

"Teachers' pay, in real terms, has dropped by nearly a quarter in the 'lost decade' since the pay freeze of 2010-11," it added.

A large number of teachers in England are also due to strike on Thursday 27 April and Tuesday 2 May.

Further Education lecturers at the Belfast rally

Elsewhere, the Department for Infrastructure in Northern Ireland has said its public services could be affected by industrial action by civil servants.

Strike action began with a walk-out at midnight from Larne and Belfast ports and government departments have all been affected.

Nipsa general secretary Carmel Gates said: "Our members have had the worst pay offer of any group of workers on these islands.

"In the middle of a cost-of-living crisis the pay offer to civil servants was £552 for the year and that's before tax.

"This increase wouldn't even pay for their milk for the week."

Members of Nipsa protest outside the Department for Communities offices in Belfast

Ms Gates said workers were being forced on to the bread line.

"Workers here have faced the worst pay award of any group on these island so it is essential that the secretary of state sets a budget that allows workers to get the pay rise they deserve," she said.

In a statement, the Department of Infrastructure said that as "far as possible, contingency arrangements have been developed but the public are advised to expect disruption to many services as well as prioritisation of assistance to those incidents with most impact to life and property".

The department said the Strangford ferry would not operate due to an ongoing strike and that there would be a significant reduction in its capacity to respond to flood emergencies should they occur.It said Driver and Vehicle Agency (DVA) test centres are expected to open but services may be affected.

Customers with booked appointments should attend as scheduled unless directly notified by the DVA not to attend.

The former prime minister has not handed over any messages from before April 2021 - more than a year into the pandemic

The government is likely to lose its legal case against the Covid inquiry, a government minister has said.

The Cabinet Office has said it will seek a judicial review of the inquiry's demand that it submit Boris Johnson's WhatsApp messages unredacted.

Science minister George Freeman told the BBC's Question Time he had "very little doubt" a court would find the documents should be handed over.

But, he added, it was "worth testing" if officials had a right to privacy.

On Thursday, the government missed a 16:00 BST deadline to submit messages sent between Mr Johnson and 40 other ministers and officials during the pandemic.

The Cabinet Office - which supports the prime minister in running the government - has argued many of the messages are not relevant, and that to hand them over would compromise ministers' privacy and hamper future decision-making.

Baroness Hallett, the retired judge and crossbench peer who is chairing the inquiry, has said it is up to her to decide what material is relevant.

Mr Johnson has said he has given his messages to the Cabinet Office and would be "more than happy" for them to be passed to the inquiry unredacted.

But the former prime minister has not handed over any messages from before April 2021 - more than a year into the pandemic - because his phone was involved in a security breach and has not been turned on since, his spokesman said.

In April 2021, it emerged that Mr Johnson's personal mobile phone number had been freely available on the internet for 15 years, leading to concerns over the device's security.

Mr Johnson has written to the Cabinet Office to ask whether technical support can be given so the content can be retrieved without compromising security, his spokesman added.

Documents released by the Cabinet Office also list questions put to Mr Johnson by the inquiry earlier this year, including: "In or around autumn 2020, did you state that you would rather 'let the bodies pile high' than order another lockdown, or words to that effect? If so, please set out the circumstances in which you made these comments."

The inquiry also asked the former prime minister if he received advice to sack Matt Hancock as health secretary between January and July 2020.

Asked about the government's legal case against the Covid inquiry, Mr Freeman told the BBC he thought the "courts will probably take the view" that Baroness Hallett is entitled to decide "what evidence she deems relevant".

But he added that "people's privacy is really important" and that the question of how private correspondence should be handled was a "point worth testing".

"I would like to see a situation where the inquiry says: 'Listen, we will wholly respect the privacy of anything that's not related to Covid. We will redact it'," he said.

The challenge is thought to be the first time a government has taken legal action against its own public inquiry.

Dame Deirdre Hine, who led the review into the 2009 swine flu outbreak, said the government taking legal action would be "most ill-advised".

She told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "I think this is unwise on the part of the government and they have no right to withhold the documents."

Lord Gavin Barwell, who worked as chief of staff to former prime minister Theresa May, said he thought the government was making a "bad mistake" by not handing over the full WhatsApp messages.

"We're having the enquiry to give people confidence we're getting to the truth. And if the government is controlling what the inquiry can and can't see, then people are not going to get confidence in the outcome," he told Today.

Relatives of the bereaved have expressed frustration at the government's stance

The saga comes just two weeks before the inquiry - tasked with identifying lessons from how the pandemic was handled - is due to hold its first public hearings.

Lobby Akinnola, from the Covid-19 Bereaved Families for Justice group, expressed exasperation at the government's decision to bring the challenge and said he feared it was part of an attempt to render the inquiry "lame".

"I'm frustrated, I'm angry," he told the BBC's The World Tonight, adding that "we're trying to understand what went wrong so we can prevent it happening again and that... is what the government is hindering."

Opposition parties have also urged the government to comply with the inquiry's requests.

Labour's deputy leader, Angela Rayner, described the legal challenge as a "desperate attempt to withhold evidence" that would serve "only to undermine the Covid Inquiry", while the Liberal Democrats called it a "kick in the teeth for bereaved families who've already waited far too long for answers".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

A million people are without power across Ukraine after Russian missiles targeted energy infrastructure.

There is no electricity in the second-largest city of Kharkiv, the regional head says, and more than 53,000 households in Odesa are without power.

Ukraine's energy minister, German Galushchenko, accused Russia of trying to provoke "a large-scale failure of the country's energy system".

Russia said it was revenge for recent Ukrainian attacks on Russian territory.

At least five people have been reported killed and 14 wounded.

President Volodymyr Zelensky said the latest wave of attacks showed that Western allies must give more military aid to Ukraine, including additional air defence systems.

"There are no delays in Russian missiles like there are in assistance to our country," he wrote on Telegram.

Some 90 missiles and 60 Shahed drones were launched into Ukraine during the wave of overnight attacks, he said.

Among the targets was Ukraine's largest dam - the DniproHES in Zaporizhzhia, which was hit eight times according to Ukrainian officials. Video footage appeared to show the dam on fire, but authorities say there is no threat of an imminent breach.

Officials also say that a trolleybus which was crossing the dam at the time caught fire after a missile strike, killing the driver.

"At 04:30 all hell broke loose. Terrible fireworks and explosions. At one point, our house tilted," Valentyna, an eyewitness whose house overlooks the dam told the BBC.

The UN's nuclear watchdog, the IAEA, said the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant lost connection to the main power line for almost five hours on Friday following the Russian attacks.

This highlighted the "ever-present dangers to nuclear safety and security during the conflict", it said.

The plant, however, continued to receive external electricity for reactor cooling from its only remaining back-up power line.

Regional head Ivan Fedorov said seven buildings in Zaporizhzhia had been destroyed and 35 others damaged.

Strikes were also reported in President Zelensky's hometown of Kryvyi Rih and in Vinnytsia, both in central Ukraine. They damaged a "critical infrastructure object", said Ukrainian officials.

Russia's defence ministry said the assault on Ukraine's power grid was part of a series of revenge attacks against Kyiv for its earlier incursions into Russian territory.

Local officials in the Russian region of Belgorod, near the border with Ukraine, said on Thursday that a woman had been killed and many other people wounded by a Ukrainian strike.

The fresh attacks come a day after Russian forces launched one of their biggest air strikes in weeks on the Ukrainian capital, Kyiv. At least 17 people, including a child, were injured by falling debris.

Attacks on the energy grid has been part of Russia's warfare against Ukraine since 2022.

Moscow has previously carried out strikes on Ukrainian power infrastructure plunging millions of people into darkness and depriving them of heat, power and water.

Attacks during the autumn and winter of 2022 left 17 million Ukrainians without a regular supply of electricity for extended periods.

But the head of the Ukrainian grid operator, Volodymyr Kudrytsky, said Thursday night's attacks were worse.

"Even last winter, attacks on our energy system weren't so bad as last night. Dozens of grid facilities have been hit. This is on a global scale."

Mr Kudrytsky added that the worst affected area was Kharkiv, where "Russia literally tried to destroy all the main energy facilities feeding the city".

Firefighters at a power station in Kharkiv after Russian missile attack

President Zelensky has often described the Russian attacks on power stations as "energy terrorism".

The White House condemned Thursday's attacks and renewed its call for urgent additional air defences for Ukraine as soon as possible.

Earlier this month, the International Criminal Court issued arrest warrants for two top Russian commanders, accusing them of ordering attacks on Ukrainian energy infrastructure.

Last updated on .From the section Cricket

Australia retained the Women's Ashes with a dramatic three-run victory over England, who so nearly pulled off a remarkable victory through Nat Sciver-Brunt's masterful unbeaten century.

Sciver-Brunt, who scored 111 off 99 balls, dragged England from 203-7 to a position where they needed 15 runs from the last over and five off the final ball.

However, Australia and Jess Jonassen, who bowled the final over, held their nerve to retain the urn with one match to spare by virtue of being the holders.

The points-based series, which is now 8-6 in favour of Australia, concludes at Taunton on Tuesday.

Australia owe plenty to number eight batter Georgia Wareham, who smashed 26 from the last over of the tourists' innings, bowled by Lauren Bell, to drag them from 240-7 with three overs remaining.

While it was a match-defining over, England were also left to rue another sloppy performance in the field, dropping all-rounder Ellyse Perry three times in her innings of 91.

In the second ODI at Bristol, England levelled the series with their highest-ever run chase and were set the task of breaking that record again to keep their hopes alive once more.

England started positively, with opener Tammy Beaumont continuing her fine form with 60 from 62 balls before Australia's spinners once again proved the difference.

All seven England wickets fell to spin as leg-spinner Alana King and off-spinner Ash Gardner took three each to unravel the middle order.

Sciver-Brunt stood firm with a chanceless knock, her third unbeaten century in her past four ODI innings against Australia, but she slumped to her knees in devastation as she could only manage a single from the final ball.

England can still draw the series with a win in the final ODI, but were visibly distraught by the defeat having dragged themselves back into contention after Australia initially raced into a 6-0 lead in the points-based series.
• None Pick your team of the 2023 Women's Ashes
• None Ashes has been best ever in women's cricket history - Knight

In the 2022 World Cup final Sciver-Brunt hit a sublime 148 not out in England's pursuit of a mammoth 356 against the same opponents.

There were echoes of the same innings at Southampton: Australia favourites, but England's talismanic all-rounder standing between them and glory.

At 144-5, few had hopes of an England comeback, as ruthless Australia reverted to their best - which has been absent throughout the series.

But Sciver-Brunt found company in Amy Jones, who scored 37 in a stand of 57, until the game tilted back towards the visitors when Jones and Sophie Ecclestone departed in the same Gardner over.

She then found perhaps more unlikely company in Sarah Glenn, who played her number nine role expertly as she nudged and nurdled her way to 22 from 35 balls to give England hope, needing 21 from the last two overs.

Sciver-Brunt found the boundary at key moments to keep England in the game, and her fitness allowed her to run singles and twos between the wickets against Australia's incredible fielders.

As England's star player, there is more pressure on Sciver-Brunt and there were signs she was feeling it, without a half-century in the white-ball series until now.

She saved her best for when it mattered most, with the Ashes on the line, but once again fell cruelly short and had to watch even more jubilant Australian celebrations.

Spin the difference as Australia serve reminder of class

Australia's spinners have been excellent throughout the series, even in defeat, but it has actually been a rare triumph for them.

England have attacked them, and unsettled their usual dominance, and it has shown in the performances with the bat, in the field and from the seamers.

A brave selection call was made, dropping pacer Darcie Brown for another spinner in King, and it proved pivotal.

King bowled with variation, deception of pace and changed the game with a beautiful turning delivery to bowl Beaumont and disrupt England's free-flowing scoring.

Gardner has had a phenomenal series, kick-started by her eight wickets in the Test, while Jonassen showed all her experience to expertly close out the game.

They also corrected their mistakes in the field, exemplified by Phoebe Litchfield's stunning full-length dive to turn a boundary into two runs, which may not have looked significant at the time but given the margin of victory, it was crucial.

England once again fought so bravely, but were ultimately edged out by moments of greatness.

'We showed all our grit and determination' - what they said

Australia captain Alyssa Healy: "It was a really, really good game of cricket. Both sides really hung in there and Nat Sciver-Brunt, yet again, played an incredible innings - I thought she was going to take it away from us at the end.

"But full credit to our girls, they showed all their grit and determination again and we got ourselves over the line.

"To know that the Ashes are coming home with us is hugely exciting."

England captain Heather Knight on BBC Test Match Special: "It's been a ridiculous series, and has to go down as the best ever in history.

"How Nat played to get so close was brilliant. To nearly chase down that total was really good.

"Our focus now is to win both white-ball series. We're gutted we weren't able to keep the momentum."

Ex-Australia batter Alex Blackwell on TMS: "I haven't seen a tighter series between these two, it's been outstanding. England should be very, very proud. They were 6-0 down after the first T20 and they found a way to level it."
• None Can you trust your best mate to be your best man? Find out in Jason Manford and Steve Edge’s new podcast
• None Can certain foods make you hungrier? Professor Tim Spector takes Michael Mosley through his top food and nutrition tips

Relations between Beijing and Washington have plummeted in recent years

The US and China have pledged to stabilise their tense relationship following US Secretary of State Antony Blinken's two-day visit to Beijing.

Mr Blinken met China's President Xi Jinping for talks on Monday, restarting high-level communications between the rival superpowers.

Mr Xi said they had made progress, while Mr Blinken indicated that both sides were open to further talks.

But the top US diplomat made clear that there remained major differences.

"I stressed that... sustained communication at senior levels is the best way to responsibly manage differences and ensure that competition does not veer into conflict," Mr Blinken told reporters after the 35-minute meeting at the Great Hall of the People on Tiananmen Square.

"I heard the same from my Chinese counterparts," he said. "We both agree on the need to stabilise our relationship."

But Mr Blinken, 61, said he was "clear-eyed" about China and there were "many issues on which we profoundly - even vehemently - disagree".

Relations between Beijing and Washington have plummeted in the wake of a Trump-era trade war, Beijing's assertive claims over Taiwan and the shooting down of an alleged Chinese spy balloon over the US earlier this year.

Mr Blinken's visit is the first by a top US diplomat in almost five years.

Discussions between him and Mr Xi included everything from Russia's war in Ukraine and America's fentanyl crisis to Taiwan, North Korea and alleged human rights abuses by China, the US state department said.

And although there were no clear breakthroughs, Mr Xi suggested relations could be moving in a positive direction.

"The two sides have also made progress and reached agreement on some specific issues," he said, in a transcript of his remarks released by the US state department. "This is very good."

The meeting with Mr Xi was not originally on Mr Blinken's schedule and was announced just an hour before it took place.

It would have been widely viewed as a snub had it not happened, however, especially since Microsoft's co-founder Bill Gates met Mr Xi in Beijing earlier this week.

Instead, the Americans will be able to point to the secretary's visit - which also included meetings with China's top diplomat Wang Yi and Foreign Minister Qin Gang - as a successful re-engagement with the Chinese government after months of frosty relations.

US President Joe Biden and officials in Washington have said they view the Chinese as rivals and competitors and not adversaries. It is a fine line to walk, however, as the competition - both militarily and economically - heats up.

With the meeting, Mr Xi was also sending a message to his own people that his government was reaching out to Washington.

Taiwan is the biggest area of contention between the two countries and the one that has the highest potential of escalating.

China sees self-ruled Taiwan as a breakaway province and Mr Xi has indicated that he wishes to bring Taiwan under Beijing's control during his term in office.

However, Taiwan sees itself as distinct from the Chinese mainland with its own constitution and leaders. US President Joe Biden said last year that the US would defend Taiwan in the event of an attack from China, a move condemned by Beijing.

But on Monday, Mr Blinken again stressed that Washington does not support Taiwan independence, adding that he sought to "disabuse" China of the notion the US is "seeking to economically contain them".

He said China gave some assurances too. It again stressed that it would not supply lethal aid to Russia to use in Ukraine, but Mr Blinken shared concerns about private Chinese companies aiding Russia's military.

However, China knocked back a US proposal to restart communication channels between the countries' militaries - a key objective of the talks.

While the trip yielded no great progress - as was expected - when concluding his news conference, Mr Blinken said he hoped it signalled better communication in the future.

"Progress is hard. It takes time. And it's not the product of one visit, one trip, one conversation," he said.

Up to quarter of a million operations and appointments could be postponed due to next week's junior doctors' strike, the NHS Confederation warns.

Patients are likely to see more of an impact because the four-day walkout comes after the Easter weekend, said Dr Layla McCay, director of policy at the health bosses' confederation.

Health bosses "are more concerned about this than they have been about any other strike", she said.

The walkout is due to start on Tuesday.

Hospital bosses have said they cannot guarantee patients will be safe as managers struggle to arrange staffing during the strike, which will affect both emergency and planned care.

The British Medical Association (BMA) says it will not exempt any services but that there are plans to protect patients, which could involve pulling junior doctors off the picket line if individual hospitals report lives are in immediate danger.

It is calling for a 35% pay rise to make up for 15 years of below-inflation wage rises.

Dr McCay told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "In the last junior doctors' strike, we saw about 175,000 appointments and operations having to be postponed.

"In terms of the disruption that we're anticipating this time, we reckon it could be up to about a quarter of a million so that is a huge amount of impact for patients up and down the country.

The walkout will be from 07:00 BST on Tuesday to 07:00 BST on Saturday. During last month's strike, hospitals drafted in consultants to provide cover but it is estimated a quarter of them are on leave due to the Easter holidays.

"With the junior doctors out for the four days, but those four days being bookmarked either side by the Easter weekend and another weekend, the disruption is going to go on for 10 or 11 days," said Dr McCay.

"What we expect to see is really significant diminished capacity within the health service."

On health leaders' fears about the strikes, she added: "They think the impact is going to be so significant that this one is likely to have impact on patient safety, and that is a huge concern for every healthcare leader."

Postponements are likely so that hospitals can focus on the most urgent and life-threatening cases, said Dr McCay.

Health Secretary Steve Barclay has been urged to meet union representatives over the bank holiday weekend to try to resolve the issue.

Dr Vivek Trivedi, co-director of the junior doctors' committee at the BMA, said they want to be sure Mr Barclay "is serious about pay erosion" - but added he is yet to put a credible offer on the table.

"All we're asking for is a credible offer that shows us he's serious, that we can start a path of negotiations to try to address the real-terms pay cut," he said.

The Department of Health and Social Care has said the BMA has to call off the strike for any negotiations to take place.

It says the government is working with NHS England to put contingency plans in place to protect patient safety during the strike.

"The NHS will prioritise resources to protect emergency treatment, critical care, maternity and neonatal care, and trauma," a spokesman said.

Are you a junior doctor with a view on the strike? Are you a patient affected? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Late on Thursday night, the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) convened a meeting for a group of international journalists at the defence ministry building in Tel Aviv. The IDF then set out for us the results of their initial inquiry into the killing of seven aid workers in Gaza.

Retired Maj Gen Yoav Har-Even described how the IDF's drone operators mistook an aid worker carrying a bag for a gunman, and then targeted one of the World Central Kitchen vehicles with a missile.

The IDF then described how two people escaped that vehicle and got into a second car, which was hit by another missile from a drone.

The military confirmed that there were survivors from the second explosion, who managed to get into the third vehicle - which was then also hit by a missile.

By the end, all the aid workers were dead.

The IDF's investigation concluded that the army unit involved had believed the vehicles they were tracking from the sky had been taken over by Hamas gunmen, and that they were not aware of the coordination procedures put in place between the military and World Central Kitchen for that evening.

It also said they also did not know the cars belonged to the charity, and the three air strikes were in violation of the army's own procedures.

Three of the charity's cars were struck during the attack

The evidence from the investigation has been passed to the Military Advocate General - the Israeli army's top legal authority - to determine if there has been any criminal conduct.

In addition, the army has sacked the major in charge of fire support. The brigade's chief of staff, a colonel, has also been sacked. The divisional commander, brigade commander and the general in charge of the IDF's Southern Command have been formally reprimanded.

The IDF sought to explain the context leading up to the fatal events of that evening.

The aid workers had been overseeing the distribution of food aid that had arrived on a ship from Cyprus and unloaded at a recently constructed jetty in the northern Gaza strip. Under coordination with the IDF, the World Central Kitchen team were transferring these supplies to a warehouse a few kilometres further south.

During this process, the IDF says their drone operators spotted a gunman riding on the roof of a large aid lorry that was being escorted by the WCK team. They played those of us at the briefing a somewhat blurry video - which has not been released to the public - showing a figure holding a gun, on top of the lorry. At one point the gun is fired, showing up clearly on the slowed-down black and white footage.

At this stage the military contacts World Central Kitchen but they are in turn unable to reach the team on the ground - where phone communication is patchy and aid agencies say they are prohibited by the IDF from using radios.

The drone footage also appears to confirm that at night, the stickers on the roof of the World Central Kitchen vehicles, with the charity's logo, are not visible to the drone operator.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: US says Israel must make changes in the coming "hours and days"

The military then tracks the convoy, including the aid lorry, to a warehouse. Then the convoy splits - the aid lorry remains in the warehouse and four SUV-type cars emerge. One of those vehicles heads north, and is then shown to contain gunmen, with weapons clearly visible from the drone footage, as they emerge next to another aid warehouse. The IDF say that these gunmen were not targeted, because of their proximity to an aid facility.

Meanwhile, three remaining vehicles belonging to World Central Kitchen begin to head south.

The drone team, the army says, now working under the assumption that they are dealing with Hamas militants and not an aid convoy, had misidentified one of the aid workers as a gunman, and claimed to have seen them enter one of the three WCK cars.

No footage of this moment was provided, but the military investigation concluded that it was a "misclassification... they saw that it's a rifle but at the end of the day it was a bag".

Under the mistaken belief that one vehicle now contained a gunman, authorisation to fire a missile is sought, and granted by superior officers. At 23:09 the first vehicle is struck, two minutes later the second, and at 23:13 the third final, fatal strike is launched.

The military's conclusions are that three major failings occurred:

The house met its auction guide price of £1.5m

A house on the Thames in south east London, which has long been the subject of local intrigue, has sold for £1.5m.

The property, said to be known as the "leaning tower of Rotherhithe", is four storeys high and 3.5m wide. It was purchased by a buyer from the area.

Savills lot negotiator Steven Morish said: "Auction works really well for quirky lots like this.

"The value in this is an art rather than a science; the buyers will set the value."

The house, which was once part of a row of buildings, has a run-down exterior but still attracted "a really good level of interest" from across the globe.

The row as it looked before World War Two. The house is to the right of "H. Pocock"

The house boasts views of the City

The building, now 1 Fulford Street, was formerly 41 Rotherhithe Street. Now the only house on the street, it was once surrounded by shipping businesses.

To the west of the property, the buildings were destroyed during the Blitz in World War Two.

In the 1960s, London County Council bought the remaining houses on the row but the owners of 41 Rotherhithe Street, barge constructors Braithwaite & Dean, refused to sell.

The company employed lightermen - workers who used flat-bottomed barges to move goods between ships and quays - and they would pull up to collect their wages from the premises.

Savills said it believed the buyer intended to live in the house. The former owners sold up as they were said to no longer require a London bolthole.

The four-storey property had been in the same hands for 28 years

The house has several bedrooms

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Queen Elizabeth II's funeral and events during the period of national mourning cost the government an estimated £162m, the Treasury has said.

The state funeral on 19 September 2022 came 11 days after her death.

During that period of national mourning hundreds of thousands of people visited Westminster where she was lying in state.

The Home Office (£74m) and Department of Culture, Media and Sport (£57m) spent the most.

The costs incurred by the government departments relate to the Queen's funeral and other events in the run-up, including the monarch's lying-in-state.

John Glen, chief secretary to the Treasury, said the government's priority at the time had been to make sure "these events ran smoothly and with the appropriate level of dignity, while at all times ensuring the safety and security of the public".

In a written ministerial statement made to Parliament, Mr Glen said the Treasury had provided additional funding where necessary and the Scottish, Welsh and Northern Ireland governments were "fully" refunded for their respective costs.

After Queen Elizabeth II died on 8 September 2022 aged 96, the UK started 10 days of national mourning.

The late Queen's coffin was laid to rest in St Giles' Cathedral in Edinburgh for 24 hours, before the monarch was taken to Westminster Abbey in London where thousands of mourners queued for hours to pay their respects.

People lined up in London at all hours of the day, often in chilly temperatures, to pay their respects - including David Beckham.

The wait time at one stage was estimated to be more than 24 hours; and the queue snaked from Westminster Hall, down along the River Thames and stretched south for almost seven miles (11km).

The scale of the state funeral and mourning arrangements led to what police described at the time as "probably the biggest operation we're likely to launch in the UK".

Queen Elizabeth II's coffin being carried out of Westminster Abbey

World leaders and foreign royalty joined the Royal Family for the state funeral at Westminster Abbey.

Members of the 2,000-strong congregation included the Queen's great-grandchildren, the prime minister at the time Liz Truss and US President Joe Biden and his wife Jill.

The event was watched by millions of people across the country and around the world.

It was the first state funeral since Sir Winston Churchill's in 1965 and the biggest ceremonial event since World War Two.

After the funeral, the Queen's coffin travelled in a procession to Wellington Arch and then on to its final journey to Windsor Castle and a committal service.

Queen Elizabeth II's death was followed by 10 days of national mourning

The cost was used to facilitate the smooth running of the event and ensure mourners from the UK and across the world could visit and take part safely, Downing Street has said.

"Of course, a major international event of this scale, we wanted to ensure that we could enable people to pay their respects," a No 10 spokesman added.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has faced calls to be more open about his financial affairs

Rishi Sunak paid more than £1m in UK tax over the last three years, details of the prime minister's financial affairs show.

The UK tax was paid on earnings of more than £4.7m from income and a US-based investment fund.

Mr Sunak first said he would publish a tax return during his unsuccessful campaign to be Tory leader last year.

He faced calls to be transparent about his finances after it emerged his wife, Akshata Murty, had non-dom status.

The tax details came as MPs questioned former Prime Minister Boris Johnson over whether he misled Parliament over Partygate.

Mr Sunak is thought to be one of the richest MPs in Parliament and his personal wealth is something opposition parties have often used as a political attack line.

The PM worked in finance before entering politics and he and his family are thought to own several properties, including a Grade II-listed manor house in his North Yorkshire constituency.

In the last financial year alone, 2021-2022, the prime minister earned more than £1.9m in income and capital gains, according to the records.

Capital gains are taxed at 20% in the UK, while the highest income tax band is 45% on earnings over £150,000.

The records show the total UK tax he paid was:

Nimesh Shah, chief executive of tax advisory firm Blick Rothenberg, pointed out that Mr Sunak only released a summary of his income and gains, rather than a traditional tax return filed with HM Revenue & Customs.

"Whilst the public knows more now than it did before the release, it doesn't show the full picture," he said.

Mr Shah said the supporting notes from Mr Sunak's accountants "give an explanation of how his tax position is made, rather than it being left to interpretation of his tax returns".

"The release is a fairly controlled way of publishing his tax information."

Earlier this month, during a trip to Paris for talks with French President Emmanuel Macron, Mr Sunak said he had been too "busy" to publish sooner.

Labour said it was right Mr Sunak had published his tax returns "after much delay".

The party's deputy leader Angela Rayner said: "They reveal a tax system designed by successive Tory governments in which the prime minister pays a far lower tax rate than working people who face the highest tax burden in 70 years."

Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer has said he hoped to be able to publish his tax returns on Thursday.

The Liberal Democrats said Mr Sunak "snuck" the records out "whilst the world is distracted with Boris Johnson's Partygate grilling".

"People will be much more concerned today about the staggering tax hikes Rishi Sunak has imposed on them," the party's Cabinet Office spokesperson Christine Jardine said.

Mr Sunak said he was glad to publish his tax return "in the interests of transparency".

Asked on a visit to north Wales if, given his wealth, he could understand what it is like for people struggling to heat their homes, Mr Sunak said: "Ultimately what people are interested in is what I'm going to do for them."

Pointing to government support with energy bills, he said tackling the cost of living was his "number one priority".

While there is not a long tradition of prime ministers publishing their tax returns, some of Mr Sunak's predecessors have chosen to do so in recent years.

Former Conservative Prime Minister David Cameron published his tax return in 2016 after revelations about his late father's offshore fund were revealed in the Panama Papers.

Theresa May released her tax return during her campaign to be Tory leader in 2016, but did not do so when she was prime minister.

The two previous prime ministers, Boris Johnson and Liz Truss, did not publish their tax returns.

The financial affairs of Mr Sunak and his family were thrust into the media spotlight when he was chancellor in 2022.

Mr Sunak's wife, Ms Murty, revealed she had non-dom status, which meant she did not pay UK tax on her overseas earnings.

Ms Murty is the daughter the billionaire founder of Indian IT giant Infosys and owns a share of the company, entitling her to dividend payments.

As Mr Sunak came under political pressure, Ms Murty released a statement saying she would pay UK tax on her overseas income but retain her non-dom status.

At about the same time, Mr Sunak admitted he had held a US green card - allowing permanent residence in that country - while he was chancellor.

He returned the green card in October 2021, ahead of his first trip to the US as a UK government minister.

Following these revelations, Mr Sunak referred himself to the prime minister's ethics adviser, who cleared him of breaching ministerial rules over the declaration of his financial arrangements.

The document released by the government includes an explanation of the prime minister's tax affairs from 2019.

The document says all of Mr Sunak's investment income and capital gains "relate to a single US-based investment fund", which is listed as a "blind management arrangement" on the register of ministers' interests.

Politicians with share portfolios and investments routinely set up blind trusts when they get government jobs. This allows them to continue earning income from their investments without knowing where the money is invested to avoid any conflicts of interest.

The document says "some of the income of the US-based investment fund is also subject to tax in other jurisdictions (including the USA)".

Mr Sunak is thought to be one of the richest MPs in Parliament

Mr Sunak - who has previously worked as an analyst for the investment bank, Goldman Sachs - has acknowledged that his investments are kept in a financial arrangement known as a blind trust.

In February, in an interview with TalkTV presenter Piers Morgan, he was asked whether it was right for prime ministers to have blind trusts.

Mr Sunak said: "I think that's better than them having control over them."

Mr Sunak's records also show that the prime minister paid tax in the US on dividends in the country. A dividend is a sum of money paid by a company to its shareholders out of its profits.

"These US dividends were also subject to tax in the UK," the document says.

The document says Mr Sunak's previously held green card status did not impact his tax liability in either the UK or the US during the three financial years reported.

Shekhar Kapur says Hollywood's push to cast actors of colour comes from guilt

Director Shekhar Kapur has said Hollywood's push for more diverse casts has come from its guilt over "all the actors who are not getting work".

Kapur said the inclusion of ethnic minority actors in shows such as Netflix's Bridgerton is "a good thing" in terms of opportunity.

But, he said, it hides "a greater, more fundamental issue" of which stories are brought to the big screen.

He added the rise in protests had helped bring the issue to the fore.

"Hollywood should be telling stories of that culture, of the culture of the brown people, of the African-American people, of the black people, of Asians," he told BBC Newsnight's Sima Kotecha.

"But what's happening is they're still addicted to their, you know, the narrative is still their point of view."

Kapur is best known for his films Elizabeth and its sequel The Golden Age, both starring Cate Blanchett, and Bollywood films such as Mr India and Bandit Queen.

When asked about Hollywood's efforts to increase the diversity of actors in its films, Kapur described it as "a guilt trip" and woke.

"It's Hollywood feeling guilty about all the actors that are not getting work. And because there's a huge rise of protests," he said.

The live-action remake of The Little Mermaid released in cinemas in May starred black actress and singer Halle Bailey as main character Ariel, which caused controversy in some quarters.

Halle Bailey starred in Disney's live-action remake of The Little Mermaid earlier this year

Kapur joined the film industry in India as an actor, before going on to become a director.

His 1998 film Elizabeth, about the early years of the reign of Queen Elizabeth I, received widespread critical acclaim and several Oscar nominations.

Following its release, the director said many of the scripts he received went on to be "a huge success", including ones that he turned down.

Discussing international scripts he would receive, he said: "It's always an American going in, fixing the world's problem, going to Africa... and I said, 'Don't send me those scripts because it's not true'.

Kapur was educated in Delhi before moving to London for a career as a management consultant and chartered accountant

"For example, if you were going to make Gandhi the answer, the question was: 'Who's the American in it? Who's the American who goes and fixes all the problems? And who's the white man in the film?'

"And I would refuse to do those films. Absolutely. Because it's not patently not true."

Kapur was educated in Delhi before moving to London for a career as a management consultant and chartered accountant, but later turned to film directing, releasing his first film Masoom in 1983.

The 77-year-old, whose most recent film What's Love Got To Do With It? starred Shazad Latif and Lily James, suggested the film industry is contained within far too small a geographical area.

"I really believe that Hollywood's too concentrated together as like a group," he said. "I think it needs to be taken away and spread out.

"I would love to see it in Shanghai if you can. I would love to see it in Mumbai or in Tokyo or as it's happening in Seoul."

Ms Frendo said Saul "always had the biggest infectious smile and was full of love"

A teenager who died when his e-bike collided with an ambulance after he was followed by police was "the most sweetest, kindest boy ever", his mother has said.

Saul Cookson, 15, was being followed by Greater Manchester Police (GMP) traffic officers in Salford on Thursday until bollards blocked their vehicle's path.

His e-bike then collided with the North West Ambulance Service (NWAS) vehicle.

Emma Frendo said her son had been "loved by all that met him".

"He was the sweetest, most kindest boy ever, and always had the biggest infectious smile and was full of love," she said.

"Saul was a much-loved son, brother, grandson, and nephew, loved by all that met him."

The Independent Office for Police Conduct has begun an investigation into Thursday's collision

The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) said an investigation into the collision.

It said Saul had been riding a black off-road Sur-Ron e-bike and was followed by officers along Fitzwarren Street and on to Lower Seedley Road at about 14:00 BST before the crash on Langworthy Road.

While not on an active call at the time of the crash, NWAS said its vehicle was being driven back to a nearby ambulance station.

Its crew were immediately able to treat the boy before taking him to hospital, where he later died.

Police and independent investigators have been examining the scene of the crash

Writing on Facebook, Taylor-Jade Cookson paid tribute to her brother and said "words cannot describe my feelings at the moment".

"Rest in peace Saul I love you," she added.

Dozens of people have been leaving flowers and cards at the scene.

Two sapphire blue, heart-shaped balloons have been tied at the foot of a lamppost, along with flowers, candles, cards and a large white banner full of handwritten messages.

Another, circled with red hearts, simply reads "Gone but not forgotten".

One of Saul's relatives who attended the scene to lay flowers said the family was "a mess" following their loss.

Saul's friend, 21-year-old Mitchell Murden, said he had been due to meet him on the day he died.

He described Saul as "a good lad" who "kept himself to himself".

Family friend Jacob Bailey said "no-one had a bad word to say" about Saul

Family friend Jacob Bailey, 19, told BBC Newsbeat he came to lay some flowers and pay his respects as he had "known Saul since I was about five".

"He was just one of those proper nice kids," he said.

"He never ever caused anyone any harm.

"No-one had a bad word to say about Saul."

Neighbour Karen Cosgrove said she had passed the scene at about 14:30 BST on Thursday and saw Saul lying on the ground.

"I walked away, I could barely look at it," she said.

"His mum was there, she was screaming.

Heartfelt messages have been left at the crash scene

Some concerns have been expressed by local people about the availability and use of high-powered e-bikes.

Mr Murden said "the majority" of young people in the area had them.

Mike McCusker, lead member for transport at Salford City Council, said there was "growing concern" in the community about e-bikes, particularly "very young men riding round without helmets on".

"The ones we have on our loan schemes are limited to about 15mph, but there are unregulated ones that can go up to speeds of 60mph.

"We don't think regulation is keeping track with the technological advancements around e-bikes."

Flowers and candles have also been left at the scene

In a statement, GMP said: "Our thoughts are with the family and friends of the boy who tragically died."

The IOPC said it had begun gathering evidence, including dashcam footage from the police vehicle, and had taken initial statements from two police officers, who were being treated as witnesses.

A representative said there was "no indication at this early time... of direct physical contact between the police vehicle and the e-bike", but examinations of both were "continuing".

IOPC regional director Catherine Bates said it was "important we understand the events leading up to this incident and will be looking at the actions and decision-making of police prior to the collision, including the reason for the decision to follow the bike".

She asked anyone who witnessed or had dashcam footage of the collision or "events leading up to it" to get in touch.

Were you in the area? Did you witness the incident? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk
• None Teen on e-bike dies after being followed by police

As well as rising numbers of post-Covid illnesses, those suffering from mental health and back issues account for many on long-term sick

"Written off" and "ashamed" - this is how one woman described the experience of being on long-term sick leave.

Emma - not her real name - from north Wales, said she wanted to return to work but had lost her self-esteem and confidence.

It comes as official data shows those not working due to long-term sickness remain at record levels in the UK.

The Welsh government said it was working to help people with ill health back into employment.

Emma has been away from her healthcare role since contracting Covid and said she felt ashamed about not being able to return to her job.

She said: "I feel written off. I feel a lot of it was blamed on mental health."I was told that I should be mindful and getting out in the fresh air, which felt very patronising."

Emma said she believed that if her employer were to make some changes, she would be able to return to her role.

"I was told I'd need to complete a high number of hours on my first week of return - not all illnesses can accommodate strict policy," she said.

Nicola Allen has recently returned to work with a friend's company

Nicola Allen from Whitchurch, Cardiff, started experiencing health issues during pregnancy and was later diagnosed with fibromyalgia and chronic fatigue syndrome.

"I always had the plan that I would return to work when my son was in school full-time, but that didn't happen," she said.

Nicola had worked in London for many years as an assistant buyer for a popular high street clothes shop.

After about eight years out of work, Nicola was recently offered a part-time employment opportunity through a friend's company.

She said: "My previous career was demanding so I was nervous, but they were clear they wanted me, as me - and they understood my conditions.

"I even told them I was frightened, because I didn't want to let them down, or myself down."

The support Nicola is given means she can manage her health as and when she needs to.

She said she felt more confident as a result.

"Long-term sick doesn't mean we don't want to work, we do - we're just unfortunately not being given the opportunities that work with our illnesses," she said.

About 2.5 million people in the UK are not working due to health problems, the Office for National Statistics said.

It said an increase in mental health issues and people suffering back pain, possibly due to home working, were the main causes of the rise.

Typically, for every 13 people currently working, one person is long-term sick.

"Figures had started going up before the pandemic but that trend continued into the pandemic and accelerated in 2021 to reach a record high," said David Freeman, head of labour markets and household at the Office of National Statistics.

He said there had been a change in types of illnesses - including post-viral fatigue "which could be linked to long-Covid". He also described rising cases of people affected by back and mental health issues.

Head of Wales at Federation of Small Businesses, Ben Cottam, said: "Illness costs businesses financially across the UK £5 billion a year, so there is a definite economic impact, which is why we'd like to see government-targeted intervention."

In a statement, the Welsh government said: "We are working to help people suffering with ill-health back into work. Our plan for employability and skills prioritises people most in need of help.

"This includes supporting people to stay in work and those further away from the labour market to find employment.

"Furthermore, in February 2023, we announced the Out of Work Service to support 10,500 people recovering from mental ill-health and/ or substance misuse into education, training or work by March 2025."

The Department for Work and Pensions said: "We know for many people there are significant benefits to being in work, including for their wellbeing. We're investing £3.5 billion to help millions, including those with long-term illness, to start, stay and succeed in work.

"Our plan is working - inactivity in Wales has fallen since last quarter - but for those who can't return to work yet, employers can choose to pay more occupational sick pay for longer, while Universal Credit provides a strong financial safety net for those needing extra support."

Snowmelt has brought waves of ice down the Yukon and Kuskokwin rivers in Alaska, causing massive flooding and a disaster declaration from the state's governor.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. I am very disappointed by Labour's lack of ambition, says union leader

Labour needs to be "bolder" and "more ambitious", rather than "tinkering around the edges", the head of the UK's second largest union has told the BBC.

Unite leader Sharon Graham warned that otherwise "apathy" would be the winner at the next general election.

The union gives more money to Sir Keir Starmer's party than any other.

Ms Graham saw off a bid this week by some members to end Unite's affiliation to Labour, which guarantees the party nearly £1.5m a year.

She argued it would be the worst time to leave the Labour Party when it was "within touching distance of power, because that would reduce union influence".

Ms Graham's membership spans public and private sectors, so what influence does she want to exercise?

Next Saturday, Labour's National Policy Forum meets behind closed doors in Nottingham.

It brings together trade union representatives with MPs, grassroots members, and some shadow ministers.

Although any policies agreed there are not guaranteed to be included in the next election manifesto, trade unions can make very clear where their priorities lie.

For Unite, taking energy companies and the struggling steel industry into public ownership are near the top of its agenda.

During a number of meetings with the Labour leadership, Ms Graham has pressed her case that it would be cheaper to buy a steel industry that has lost much of its market value, than to bail out its private owners.

The Labour leader was publicly urged to do this when he spoke at Unite's policy conference in Brighton this week.

But while he has talked of "preserving" the industry if Labour wins power, he would not commit to acquiring it for the state.

Ms Graham is now intending to take a less conventional approach to policy-making.

The plan is for "hundreds of organisers" to go to marginal seats and talk to voters there about the case for taking key industries into public hands.

The message will be reinforced by Unite-funded billboards.

The hope is that then voters will press local Labour parties and local candidates to commit to backing nationalisation.

"We will take our ideas to the people," Ms Graham told me.

"The real decision-makers are the voters. If they push those ideas, politicians tend to move when they speak to voters."

Her over-arching criticism is that Labour's leadership is not setting out a distinctive enough alternative to the government, and feels too constrained by the state of the economy.

She argued that "we need be as bold as the 1945 Labour government" which created the NHS. "There wasn't much money about then, I can tell you," she said.

The next Labour government could leave a lasting legacy, she suggested.

"People will say they remember when energy companies were privatised and when they paid massive bills, and it was a Labour government that stopped all that."

The Labour leadership would argue that unless the party is trusted on the economy, many of the things trade unions want - like increased employment rights - simply won't happen.

Its strategists also believe that it has to be seen to be moving away from Corbyn-era policies to win back voters who abandoned the party in 2019.

But Ms Graham told me that abiding strictly by shadow chancellor Rachel Reeves's "fiscal rules" had led to "inertia", and people were beginning to ask: "What's the difference?" between government and opposition.

"If Labour are saying what's happening now is awful, and it is absolutely awful, they have to come out with solutions to that."

While Labour is criticising the number of children in poverty, its shadow ministers have been told they can't commit, for example, to provide free school meals for all primary children, because that would be a spending commitment.

Ms Graham said the party must "talk about what they can do to change Britain. People want something to vote for."

She told her members this week that maintaining Unite's financial link to Labour would give her "maximum leverage" with the party.

But so far she hasn't moved policy on energy and steel. So by guaranteeing funds to Sir Keir Starmer, wasn't she actually reducing her bargaining power?

"The affiliation fee is what you pay to be part of the club. But most of the money we gave Labour traditionally was outside the affiliation fee," she said.

For example, the union donated an additional £3m to Labour before the last election.

But Ms Graham warned there were "no blank cheques".

"I want to see some movement if we are going to give what we usually give... We would be better off with a Labour government, but I am very, very disappointed with the lack of ambition."

A large tree has fallen in Killyleagh, County Down

Fallen trees and power outages have caused disruption across Northern Ireland during Storm Kathleen.

A yellow warning for strong winds ended at 22:00 BST, with the strongest gusts recorded reaching 69mph in County Down.

Some flights - including all Aer Lingus services at Belfast City Airport - and ferry sailings were cancelled.

For the second time this year, part of the roof of Titanic Belfast was damaged by strong winds.

The Met Office had warned of possible travel disruption, power cuts, and a risk of injuries from large waves.

Similar weather warnings were also issued in the Republic of Ireland.

A spokesperson said Titanic Belfast visitor centre was shut on Saturday afternoon and would remain closed on Sunday as a "precautionary measure".

"Due to the ongoing inclement weather, access to the roof to assess the damage is limited and remedial works can not yet begin to take place," they said.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Pre-booked customers are to be refunded, with the attraction expected to re-open on Monday.

It had previously been impacted by Storm Isha in January.

Fallen trees, downed power lines and some flooding also led to the closure of a number of roads including:

Stena Line cancelled four sailings between Belfast and Cairnryan on Saturday due to the adverse weather.

A 19:30 sailing from Cairnryan to Belfast has also been delayed.

Stena Line services between Dublin and Holyhead were also cancelled.

P&O said its ferry sailings between Larne and Cairnryan at 12:00, 16:00 and 20:00 were off.

A British Airways flight from London Heathrow was diverted to Belfast International on Saturday morning.

Passenger Jonathan Pankhurst said the flight made two attempts to land in its original Belfast City destination before landing in Aldergrove instead.

"It was a rollercoaster ride to be honest, I think I was at Blackpool Pleasure Beach," he told BBC News NI.

Jonathan Pankhurst's flight from London's Heathrow was diverted to Belfast International on Saturday

NIE Networks said about 750 customers have been left without power after high winds caused "a low level of damage to the electricity network".

"Our teams are working to repair any damage caused and restore power as quickly as possible," a spokesperson added.

In the Republic of Ireland, 12,000 homes, farms and businesses were left without electricity by Storm Kathleen.

ESB Networks said the largest outages were in counties Mayo, Sligo, Leitrim, Laois and Wicklow.

A spokesman said crews aim to restore supply power to the "vast majority" on Saturday evening, however some would be without power overnight.

"We apologise to all homes, farms and businesses impacted for the inconvenience caused," he said.

The colourful houses of Whitehead were sprayed by the waves on Saturday morning

Stormont departments had advised people not to visit forests, country parks or nature reserves in the affected areas and to be careful when driving.

The Stormont Estate was also closed as a precaution while vehicle access to forests, including for caravanning and camping, was also suspended for the duration of the weather warning.

Travellers have been advised to check providers for updates.

The strongest wind was recorded at 69mph (111 km/h) at Orlock Head in County Down.

As of noon on Saturday, other strong winds were recorded at:

The Department for Infrastructure said on Friday that "multi-agency partners including the PSNI (Police Service of Northern Ireland), NIE (Northern Ireland Electricity), the Department for Infrastructure and other emergency response and public sector organisations have met to prepare for Storm Kathleen".

Belfast City Council said due to the weather conditions, all grass pitches at Victoria Park, Cherryvale, Wedderburn and Strangford would be closed.

A yellow warning for wind in parts of the Republic of Ireland was lifted at 20:00 local time.

But a fresh yellow warning has been issued for Donegal, Mayo and west Galway until 16:00 local time on Sunday.

Waterford and Wexford are also impacted by strong winds for several hours overnight.

Dublin Airport said it was open, but passengers should continue to check for updates.

Large waves caused by Storm Kathleen battered the coast in Salthill, County Galway

Six flights - three inbound and three outbound flights - had been cancelled by noon.

A separate flight from Dallas to Dublin was diverted to Paris due to the weather conditions, the airport said.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Dublin Airport This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Met Éireann is warning of some coastal flooding, travel disruption, and fallen trees.

Sunday will also be a windy day with widespread gusts of more than 65km/h (40mph).

Storm Kathleen is the 11th named storm of the season which runs from 1 September 2023 until 31 August 2024.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

It is also the first time storms have reached the letter K in the alphabet since Storm Katie in late March 2016.

Storm Jocelyn brought major disruption to the road network across Northern Ireland in January.

Mark Drakeford has been Welsh Labour leader since 2018

In an emotional speech to his party First Minister Mark Drakeford has said his grief losing his wife will not stop his work for Labour.

Close to tears, the Welsh party leader thanked those who showed him kindness after his wife Clare died in January.

He also called for Sir Keir Starmer to ditch first past the post in favour of proportional representation.

But the UK Labour leader said it was not a priority for an incoming Labour government.

Earlier Sir Keir said he would return control over economic aid to Welsh ministers if he became PM.

Mr Drakeford spoke at Welsh Labour conference in Llandudno on Saturday.

He said in recent weeks he had been given "words of kindness and sympathy, from people within our party, and also from people I've never met".

"That has been a strength to me, personally - a heartfelt thanks to you all."

Later he added: "Even when our hearts are weighed down with the intolerable burden of grief, we know our duty, our moral obligation... that this party has to run towards the dangers that blight so many lives, and never ever run away from them."

In his speech he gave his strongest support yet for major reforms to the Westminster electoral system.

He called for Sir Keir Starmer to bring an end to the first past the post voting system, which sees MPs elected based on which candidate wins the most votes in a constituency.

Keir Starmer and Mark Drakeford both spoke on the first day of Welsh Labour conference.

"The next Labour government must lead the task of democratic renewal," he said.

"I do not believe that we can go on simply accepting a system which time and time again produces Conservative majorities on a minority of the votes cast."

Appearing to address critics of proportional representation within his own party, Mr Drakeford said: "To those who continue to fear a change in the electoral system.

"I say simply look at what we have done here in Wales - 25 years of winning and working within a proportional electoral system."

He accused the Conservatives of hollowing out democracy with a "dreadful brand of selfish, self-enriching politics, where even a football commentator is expected to toe the Tory line or to find their job at risk".

Responding to Mr Drakeford's calls for voting reform, Sir Keir said praised Mr Drakeford's "powerful speech".

"I don't think anybody could not be moved by Mark's speech." He added: "It's not a priority for an incoming Labour government."

This was an emotional speech from Mark Drakeford whose enthusiasm for public life is clearly undimmed by his recent tragedy.

With all eyes at conference on an expected general election in 2024 he gave a rousing endorsement of UK Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer.

But while Mr Drakeford is passionate about securing a UK Labour victory, it's also the case that the two men have very different views on some policy issues.

Sir Keir looked uncomfortable when Mr Drakeford argued for electoral reform at Westminster and the avowed socialist, Mark Drakeford, looked less than enthused by Sir Keir's emphasis on "sound money" .

Welsh Labour conference has always loved Mark Drakeford as first minister and his rapturous reception continued this time.

Delegates gave Sir Keir a notably warmer reception than he's had at previous Welsh party conferences, a sign perhaps of the party's increasing confidence ahead of the next election.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Dorset Police was involved in carrying out raids as part of Operation Mille

Police have seized up to £130m worth of cannabis plants and arrested almost 1,000 people in the UK's largest ever crackdown on organised crime.

More than 180,000 plants were discovered in raids across England and Wales in June.

Officers also seized 20 firearms, £636,000 in cash and 20kg of cocaine, with a potential street value of £1m.

The operation has been described as the "most significant" of its kind ever run across UK law enforcement.

Some 182,422 plants were seized, worth an estimated £115m-£130m

Operation Mille targeted what law enforcement believe is a cash cow for organised crime gangs (OCGs) who are also involved in other offences such as money laundering, Class A drug smuggling and violence.

Cannabis is a Class B drug, not Class A like heroin or cocaine, but large-scale cannabis cultivation is seen as a key source of illicit income for criminal gangs.

The aim of the month-long operation was to disrupt OCGs by taking out a key source of their revenue, apprehending those involved and gathering intelligence on how the networks operate.

Steve Jupp, the National Police Chiefs' Council (NPCC) lead for Serious and Organised Crime, said the operation had "successfully disrupted a significant amount of criminal activity".

"We know that organised networks involved in cannabis production are also directly linked to an array of other serious criminality such as Class A drug importation, modern slavery and wider violence and exploitation," he said.

"The intelligence gathered will also help inform future law enforcement across the country."

Around 11,000 officers from all 43 police forces in England and Wales, as well as the National Crime Agency and Immigration Enforcement, co-ordinated over 1,000 warrants in June.

Of those arrested, more than 450 people have since been charged.

"Cannabis-related crime is often thought to be 'low level', however there are clear patterns around the exploitation and violence organised crime groups are using to protect their enterprises," Mr Jupp added.

"We also frequently find that cannabis production is just one aspect of their criminal operations and that they are complicit in wider offending which blights our communities."

The NPCC is a body which brings leaders across police forces in the UK together to set policy direction.

This was among the items seized during the operation

Almost £650,000 in cash was seized

Hundreds of properties were left without power and trees blocked roads as Storm Noa swept across Devon and Cornwall.

Gusts of more than 60mph (96.5km/h) were recorded on the Isles of Scilly and the Met Office predicted wind speeds of up to 70mph (113km/h).

A tree fell on to a house in Raleigh Avenue, Cockington, Torquay.

Police said the road would be closed for the remainder of the day and Thursday until the tree was cleared.

It confirmed the fire service, highways and a tree management team were in attendance, and everyone in the house was accounted for.

A female driver suffered a face injury after hitting a tree which had blocked the A377 in Devon

Police also confirmed a woman was left injured when her car hit a tree that had fallen across the A377 near Copplestone, Devon.

She sustained a facial injury and was taken to the Royal Devon and Exeter Hospital.

The tree, which had blocked the road, was cleared with the help of a local farmer and emergency services.

Tree surgeons cut down and removed a fallen tree in Plymouth

A fallen tree was also reported outside of the Plymouth Guildhall with three cars damaged when it landed on them.

At 14:00 BST, the National Grid said 268 properties in Devon were without power.

More than 700 homes were also reportedly without power in the Isles of Scilly and Cornwall.

The National Grid confirmed power had been restored to most properties in St Austell and it was working to restore supplies to all homes later.

A tree fell outside the Plymouth Guildhall on to three cars

Speed restrictions were in place on the main rail line between Plymouth and Penzance and drivers on the M5, A38 and A30 were urged to take extra care.

Stagecoach South West reported its buses were diverted in Torquay due to a fallen tree in Hawkins Avenue and other services were delayed in Plymouth.

Ed Parkinson captured the crashing waves in Ilfracombe on Wednesday

The National Trust closed some of its sites on Dartmoor.

In a yellow warning, which was valid until 20:00, the Met Office predicted strong winds with severe coastal gales in the south and west.

It said the winds, low temperatures and heavy rain or showers were down to an Atlantic low-pressure system slowly moving eastwards across the UK.

Some campers evacuated campsites as winds tore down tents.

Steve Ackland, of Monkey Tree Holiday Park near Newquay, said: "We had some fantastic weather last weekend and this is the flip side of that.

"It is what you expect in Cornwall in April and the fact that there are still so many people around is testament that it's a great place to be."

Others like holidaymaker Katrina Kay were sticking it out.

"If you go camping you know what you're letting yourself in for, it's not been bad really," she said.

Have you been affected by Storm Noa? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Follow BBC News South West on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Send your story ideas to spotlight@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Last updated on .From the section The Hundred

The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) is "starting to pursue" private investment in The Hundred teams, says chief executive Richard Gould.

The Hundred, a 100-ball tournament launched in 2021, is currently funded by the ECB, with capital filtered down to the associated counties.

Gould said discussions had led to investment being sought at team level rather than in the tournament itself.

"We're looking at how that might manifest itself," Gould told BBC Sport.

"The Hundred is a good vehicle for private investment to come into the game."

Private investment in cricket has grown with the owners of Indian Premier League teams - the world's biggest franchise league - investing in sides in South Africa, the United States and the United Arab Emirates.

The ECB has invested a further £100,000 in salaries for the women's game for 2024, but both the men's and women's players earn significantly less than in franchise tournaments in India, which has made it difficult to attract the world's best overseas players.

"Most of our counties are privately-owned members clubs. That has provided a great stable base for a number of decades but, sometimes, in order to be able to compete on a global scale we need to bring in private investment also," said Gould at a launch event before the new English domestic season starts on Friday.

The Hundred was created by the ECB to attract a more diverse audience and to fit into shorter broadcast slots.

A record 580,000 fans attended matches in 2023, with 41% of tickets sold to families and 30% to women.

However, the tournament has faced criticism from traditional cricket fans, who are unhappy with how some of the 18 counties are represented in the tournament.

The eight Hundred sides see counties combined, such as Yorkshire and Durham at Northern Superchargers, but others face lengthy journeys with fans of Somerset and Gloucestershire having Cardiff-based Welsh Fire as their nearest side.

Asked if there was a danger that investment at team level may result in money being harder to filter down and teams feeling more marginalised, Gould said he did not think that was the case.

"The way that our sport is organised and governed, everything under one umbrella, does allow us to make sure that any money that is available is invested in the area that is most appropriate and where we'll get the most return," said Gould.

The ECB are committed to the tournament until 2028 in a broadcast deal with Sky Sports, and Gould feels investment will take the tournament to new levels over the next five years.

"The excitement levels will significantly increase," he said.

"We'll be able to make sure we retain and attract all the best players in the world and have a game that either broadcasters, supporters or new fans want to be involved with.

"I'm very excited by what that could bring for the whole ecosystem of cricket, whether that is franchise led teams or county clubs."

Sam Billings, who captained Oval Invincibles to the 2023 men's title, told BBC Sport: "We want to be the second-best competition in the world, so it is how we do that.

"It might be a partnership, and that is a really key word, because if it is and it is always invested back into the fabric of our game then those are the key components, because ultimately we still want the English game to be incredibly strong in 50-100 years."

The 2024 edition of The Hundred begins on 23 July, with selected games on BBC TV.

The battle for Bakhmut has become the longest of the war that Russia launched last year

Russian President Vladimir Putin has congratulated the Wagner paramilitary group, after it claimed to have captured the Ukrainian city of Bakhmut.

Wagner founder Yevgeny Prigozhin - posing with some of his fighters - made the claim in a video posted to social media on Saturday.

Ukraine's deputy defence minister rejected the claim, but admitted the situation in the city was "critical".

One of the war's bloodiest battles, fighting has raged since August.

Wagner paramilitary forces have led the Russian attack on Bakhmut - which analysts say is of little strategic value to Moscow - and has seen thousands of troops killed.

Ukraine, for its part, has also decided to make a stand in a battle which has become the longest and bloodiest of the war so far.

But in comments carried by Russian state media, Mr Putin claimed Wagner troops, supported by Russian air force jets, had completed "the operation to liberate" Bakhmut on Saturday after months of intense fighting.

Mr Prigozhin, a close ally of the Russian president, leads the thousands-strong group, nominally a private military company.

He has claimed before that his forces have taken Bakhmut - or most of it - only for Ukrainians to swiftly deny the claims. Mr Prigozhin has also targeted top Russian military officials, criticising them publicly for not supplying his troops with enough ammunition.

In his latest video claiming control of Bakhmut, Mr Prigozhin said "no-one can pedantically reproach us for the fact that at least some piece was not taken".

Explosions can be heard in the background, suggesting fighting continues close to the city, if not inside it.

He also promised to hand the city over to regular Russian troops later in the month.

His claims were echoed by the Russian defence ministry on Saturday night, state media in Moscow reported.

Yevgeny Prigozhin claimed to control Bakhmut in a video flanked by Wagner fighters

But in a statement on the messaging platform Telegram moments afterwards, Ukrainian Deputy Defence Minister Hanna Maliar said: "Heavy fighting in Bakhmut. The situation is critical.

"As of now, our defenders control some industrial and infrastructure facilities in the area and the private sector."

Western officials estimate between 20,000 and 30,000 Russian troops have been killed or wounded in Bakhmut, while Ukraine's military has also paid a heavy price.

There is hardly a building left unscathed, and the city's entire population has vanished.

The latest Wagner claim came as Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky went to Japan to attend a meeting of the leaders of the world's most industrialised countries, the G7.

His Western allies pledged more support, including taking a significant step towards providing F-16 fighter jets, and announced more sanctions on Russia.

Russian troops invaded Ukraine on 24 February last year and control parts of its east.

Ukraine has been expected to launch an offensive to retake seized territories, but Mr Zelensky recently said that more time is needed to prepare.

He has called Bakhmut "a fortress" of Ukrainian morale.

Ukraine's hope is that the fight over Bakhmut has blunted Russia's ability to conduct its own offensive operations, and exhausted its army and supplies.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Protesters ran onto the Scottish Grand National course

Police have charged 24 people after animal rights protesters tried to disrupt the Scottish Grand National.

A large group breached fences at Ayr racecourse and made towards the track at about 15:20 before a further smaller group tried to disrupt a later race.

Police Scotland said officers "safely removed" people on both occasions and no injuries were reported.

The force confirmed all 24 charges were over breach of the peace.

All were released and are due to appear at Ayr Sheriff Court on Monday.

Security was ramped up at the racecourse after protests delayed the start of the Grand National last week.

The Ayr protest followed the death of horse Oscar Elite in the 13:50 race on Saturday. Activists said they wanted to stop other horses from dying or coming to harm.

Although the activist group Animal Rising claimed to have delayed the 18-horse event, won by Kitty's Light, it started only three minutes late.

The group said it wanted to highlight the exploitation of animals for sport and food.

It said it will continue with more race disruptions as well as a series of farm occupations and animal "rescues".

Protester Sarah McCaffrey from the group said last week's protest at the Grand National started a "crucial conversation about our relationship with animals and nature".

On Saturday, she said: "Today we continue that conversation. As a society, we love animals, but we have to find a way to care for them without harming them."

Ms McCaffrey called for an end to horse racing and a transition to a plant-based food system.

Animal rights campaigners attempted to rush onto the course

Police Scotland Assistant Ch Con Tim Mairs said police officers and stewards had responded swiftly to intervene and "prevent further escalation".

He said: "We worked closely with the event organisers and other partners ahead of the Scottish Grand National to ensure a proportionate plan was in place to keep people safe and facilitate peaceful protest."

Ayr's managing director David Brown also praised the swift action of the police and security teams on course.

He said: "The race went off to time, there was no notable delay and the professionalism of the team up here in Scotland was a credit to them, they dealt with it in a very efficient manner."

Following the Grand National at Aintree last week, Merseyside Police said they arrested 118 people over disruption which saw nine people enter the course.

Up to 17,000 people were expected at Ayr racecourse for the Scottish version of the race.

The Scottish Grand National was inaugurated in Ayrshire in 1867 and has taken place at Ayr since 1966.

The home of Ms Sturgeon and Mr Murrell was searched for two days at the start of March

Police had to wait two weeks before they were given permission to raid the home of Nicola Sturgeon and her husband Peter Murrell, it has emerged.

The Crown Office was told on 20 March that Police Scotland wanted a search warrant.

It was not until 3 April - a week after the SNP leadership contest ended - that the application for a warrant was approved by a sheriff.

Officers searched the home of the former first minister two days later.

Details were released by Police Scotland in response to a Freedom of Information Request (FOI) by the Scottish Conservatives that was first reported by the Scottish Sun.

Sources close to the inquiry have denied that there was an undue delay.

But opposition parties said the revelation would "raise eyebrows" and questioned the role of Lord Advocate Dorothy Bain KC, who heads the Crown Office but is also a Scottish government minister.

Ms Bain did not answer when she was asked by Sky News whether the warrant had been deliberately delayed.

A spokesman for the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service said: "In all matters, Scotland's prosecutors act independently of political pressure or interference."It is standard that any case regarding politicians is dealt with by prosecutors without the involvement of the Lord Advocate or Solicitor General."

BBC Scotland understands that a draft search warrant was submitted by the police which the fiscal then discussed with officers before its contents were finalised.

The warrant, which is reported to have included a long list of items the police wanted to seize, was then signed by a sheriff on the same day it was finished.

Mr Murrell, who had quit as the SNP's chief executive on 18 March, was arrested when officers investigating the party's finances arrived at the Glasgow home he shares with Ms Sturgeon early on the morning of 5 April.

Several boxes of evidence were removed from the SNP's headquarters in Edinburgh

Police spent two days searching the house, with several boxes of evidence being removed. Mr Murrell was released without charge pending further investigations.

The SNP's headquarters in Edinburgh was also searched on 5 April and a luxury motorhome that sells for about £110,000 was seized from outside the home of Mr Murrell's mother in Dunfermline.

Colin Beattie, who was the party's treasurer at the time, was arrested on 18 April before also being released without charge while further inquiries were carried out. He subsequently quit as treasurer.

The contest to succeed Ms Sturgeon as SNP leader and Scotland's first minister had ended on 27 March when Humza Yousaf, who was the party hierarchy's preferred candidate, narrowly defeated Kate Forbes.

Newspaper reports earlier this year claimed that some people within Police Scotland were frustrated by the direction they were being given by the Crown Office on the SNP investigation.

Scottish Conservative MSP Russell Findlay told BBC Scotland: "There has been this continual sense of something not feeling quite right and of some frustration being expressed not by journalists, not by politicians, but by police officers and this latest revelation perhaps only feeds into that sense.

"From what I understand the Crown Office is suggesting this was perfectly regular and routine, but the entire investigation is so sensitive and is subject to a huge amount of speculation and the more transparency there is around it the better."

Mr Findlay said the case also raised "fundamental questions" about the role of the Lord Advocate, who heads the independent prosecution service while also sitting as a minister in Scottish government cabinet meetings.

He added: "It doesn't feel appropriate. And that separation needs to happen."

Jackie Baillie, the deputy leader of Scottish Labour, said the two-week delay was a "very interesting revelation that will lead to raised eyebrows across Scotland".

She added: "While I accept that the Lord Advocate may not have had a direct influence on the timing, this story underlines why we need to have a serious discussion about separating the role of the Lord Advocate to ensure that no perception of conflict of interest can ever occur."

Alba MP Kenny MacAskill, who served as justice secretary in the SNP government led by Alex Salmond, called for a judge-led inquiry into the Crown Office's role in the granting of the warrant to search Ms Sturgeon's house and the SNP HQ.

He said this would "reassure the public that the decisions taken by the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service have not been influenced by political considerations".

Privately, prosecutors and police are deeply frustrated by the latest headlines and vehemently deny that the SNP's leadership contest played any part in the timing of the searches.

Some legal figures describe the two-week process to secure search warrants as unusually long.

A senior lawyer who has worked with the Crown Office in the past said: "It all depends on why it took two weeks. If it was for operational reasons, there's nothing wrong with that.

"If it was for further inquiries, there's nothing wrong with that. If it was for political reasons, to delay things, there's a lot wrong with that."

One source close to the inquiry said: "The concept that there was a delay is misplaced. The decision was taken by a procurator fiscal with no political affiliation."

Given the apparent complexity of the investigation and the fact that the stakes are so high, it would be astonishing if prosecutors were not taking their time and the greatest of care.

Inevitably, in something like this, it's a case of "damned if they do, damned if they don't".

Police launched their Operation Branchform investigation almost two years ago after receiving complaints about how a total of £666,953 donated to the SNP by activists was used.

The party pledged to spend the funds on a future independence referendum. Questions were raised after its accounts showed it had just under £97,000 in the bank at the end of 2019, and total net assets of about £272,000.

Last year it emerged Mr Murrell gave a loan of more than £100,000 to the SNP to help it out with a "cash flow" issue after the last election.

The party had repaid about half of the money by October of that year. It still owes money to its former chief executive, but has not said how much.

Ms Sturgeon has previously said the police investigation played no part in her decision to announce on 15 February that she was standing down as SNP leader and first minister.

She also said the first she knew that the police wanted to search her home and arrest her husband was when detectives arrived on her doorstep.

She added: "There are many questions that I would want to be able to answer and in the fullness of time I hope I will answer, but it would be wrong and inappropriate for me to go into any detail of what the police are currently investigating."

Pouria Zeraati said he he is "feeling better" and recovering

An Iranian TV host stabbed in London has been discharged from hospital and says he is now staying in a safe place.

Iran International presenter Pouria Zeraati, 36, was repeatedly stabbed in an attack by a group outside his home in Wimbledon, south London, on Friday afternoon, his channel said.

The London-based station said it had faced "heavy threats" for 18 months.

Counter-terrorism officers are leading the investigation. The Iranian regime has denied any involvement.

Mr Zeraati thanked well-wishers for their "sympathy, kindness and love in the past few days".

"Fortunately, I am feeling better, recovering and I have been discharged from the hospital," he posted on X.

"My wife and I are residing at a safe place under the supervision of the Met Police."

Mr Zeraati claimed the suspects in the attack had purposefully planned it.

A neighbour, who wanted to remain anonymous, told BBC News an officer had spoken to them and said there were three attackers who ran up the road and were picked up.

Iran International says it provides independent coverage of events in the country, but the regime in Tehran has declared it a terrorist organisation.

The channel's spokesman told BBC Today programme on Saturday the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps (IRGC) had been targeting journalists and their families.

Adam Baillie said: "It was a shocking, shocking incident, whatever the outcome of an investigation reveals.

"But for him as a leading presenter, as with our other presenters and journalists, yes, it is a great shock.

"It's the first attack of its kind."

Iran's charge d'affaires in the UK, Mehdi Hosseini Matin, said "we deny any link" to the incident.

Mr Zeraati posted a picture on Instagram on Saturday, showing him smiling from his hospital bed.

No arrests have been made, the Metropolitan Police said.

The force said it was not yet able to provide further information about any motive behind the attack, but Mr Zeraati's occupation coupled with recent threats towards UK-based Iranian journalists meant the investigation was being led by specialist counter-terrorism officers.

Cdr Dominic Murphy, head of the Met's Counter Terrorism Command, said: "I appreciate the concern this incident has caused, for local people as well as for those in similar lines of work and from Iranian communities."

In January, the Foreign Office announced sanctions against members of the IRGC's Unit 840 following an ITV investigation into plans to assassinate two of Iran International's presenters in the UK.

At the time, Foreign Secretary Lord Cameron said "the Iranian regime and the criminal gangs who operate on its behalf pose an unacceptable threat to the UK's security".

Iran International resumed its operations in London last September after temporarily moving its broadcasting studios to Washington DC in February 2023 because of a "significant escalation in state-backed threats from Iran".

In a separate case in December last year, Magomed-Husejn Dovtaev, a Chechen-born Austrian national, was jailed for three-and-a-half years for spying on Iran International before a "planned attack" on UK soil.

The Met Police said last year that since the start of 2020, 15 plots to either kidnap or kill UK-based individuals perceived as enemies of the Iranian regime had been foiled.

Nearly 18 months ago, Iran International became one of the main providers of news during a wave of anti-government protests in Iran.

Pouria Zeraati is the television host of the Last Word program on Iran International

We are now ending our coverage of today's events in France after yesterday's knife attack at a playground in the eastern city of Annecy.

To read the latest on this story, head here.

If you need support after reading about these distressing events, you can find details of organisations which can help using BBC Action Line.

Today's page was brought to you by our writers Laura Gozzi, Jack Burgess and Sam Hancock; the editors were Alexandra Fouché, Alys Davies and James FitzGerald; and we had help from video producer Anna Boyd.

Eleanor Williams was found guilty of eight counts of perverting the course of justice

Three men tried to take their own lives after being falsely accused of rape and trafficking, a court has heard.

Eleanor Williams accused the men of attacking her and posted on Facebook in May 2020 that she was the victim of an Asian grooming gang.

The 22-year-old of Barrow-in-Furness was found guilty of perverting the course of justice in January.

During a sentencing hearing at Preston Crown Court, Mohammed Ramzan, said the lies had made his life "hell on earth".

Mr Ramzan said two weeks after he was arrested following Williams' claims, he attempted to take his own life.

He said: "I still bear the scars to this day."

Mr Ramzan said his property had been damaged and his businesses had been "ruined" after he and his family were targeted "in the most horrendous way".

"I have had countless death threats made over social media from people all over the world because of what they thought I was involved in," he said.

One of the men she falsely accused, Jordan Trengove, spent 73 days in custody

In a statement read to the court, Jordan Trengove said the word "rapist" had been spray painted across his house.

He said he spent 73 days in prison, sharing a cell with a convicted sex offender, after he was charged as a result of Williams' claims.

He said: "Things had calmed down a bit until the Facebook post in 2020.

"This made things even worse for me. There were big protests and marches in Barrow.

"The lowest point was when I tried to end my life in August 2020."

Oliver Gardner said his chance encounter with Williams in Preston led to him being sectioned under the Mental Health Act.

Mr Gardner, who was accused of rape, said it was a "real shock" when he was contacted by Cumbria Police and told of her claims.

He said: "It was just a case of being in the wrong place at the wrong time."

In his statement, he said he tried to end his life before being sectioned.

Cameron Bibby, who was the first man accused of rape by Williams in 2017, said he had to remove himself from most social media because of abuse and was scared to pick his son up from nursery because of the way people looked at him.

Williams' trial heard that police believed she inflicted the injuries on herself with a hammer

He said after Williams posted her account on Facebook, his neighbours displayed "Justice for Ellie" stickers in their windows, which "intimidated" him.

The court was shown videos of English Defence League founder Tommy Robinson attending protests at Hollywood Retail Park in Barrow in May 2020.

In a statement, Supt Matthew Pearman said there was "unprecedented outcry on social media within the town of Barrow" after Williams posted about her injuries.

He said: "Barrow had not seen such public displays of mass anger for over 30 years."

Louise Blackwell KC, defending Williams, said she "continues in her allegations against the various people in pretty much the same circumstances".

Williams is due to be sentenced on Tuesday.

Follow BBC North East & Cumbria on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Send your story ideas to northeastandcumbria@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The former prime minister has not handed over any messages from before April 2021 - more than a year into the pandemic

Boris Johnson has said he is giving unredacted WhatsApp messages dating back to May 2021 directly to the Covid inquiry, bypassing the government which has refused to hand them over.

The Cabinet Office has launched a legal challenge to the inquiry's demand for texts from the former PM and officials.

It argues that many of the messages are irrelevant to the investigation.

However, the head of the inquiry, Baroness Hallett, has said it's her job to decide what is and is not relevant.

In a letter to Baroness Hallett, Mr Johnson said that he understood why the government was taking legal action, but that he was "perfectly content" to release messages he had already sent to the Cabinet Office.

Mr Johnson added he would like to send messages pre-dating April 2021, but that he had been told he could no longer access his phone from that period "safely".

Security concerns were raised over the phone, after it emerged the number had been freely available on the internet for 15 years.

The messages received before this date would be likely to cover discussions about the coronavirus lockdowns implemented in 2020.

Mr Johnson said he wanted to "test" the advice received from the security services and had asked the Cabinet Office for assistance in turning his old phone on securely.

He added he no longer had access to his contemporaneous notebooks as he had handed these to the Cabinet Office.

"I have asked that the Cabinet Office pass these to you. If the government chooses not to do so, I will ask for these to be returned to my office so that I can provide them to you directly."

Speaking to BBC Radio 4's World At One programme, cyber-security expert Prof Alan Woodward said the risk of turning on Mr Johnson's old phone was "minimal", adding: "It is perfectly possible to do that without exposing it to the potential threat."

Earlier this week, the inquiry told the government to submit messages sent between Mr Johnson and 40 other ministers and officials during the pandemic by 16:00 BST on Thursday.

Mr Johnson said he was "more than happy" to give the unredacted material to the inquiry.

The Cabinet Office - which supports the prime minister in running the government - also holds communications between ministers and civil servants which do not involve Mr Johnson.

On Thursday, it missed the deadline and said it would "with regret" be launching a judicial review of the demand, but promised to "continue to co-operate fully with the inquiry".

Defending its decision not to hand over certain messages, the Cabinet Office argued that many of the communications were "unambiguously irrelevant", and that to submit them to the inquiry would compromise ministers' privacy and hamper future decision-making.

"It represents an unwarranted intrusion into other aspects of the work of government. It also represents an intrusion into their legitimate expectations of privacy and protection of their personal information," the Cabinet Office said, in a letter to the inquiry.

Speaking to the BBC One's Question Time on Thursday, science minister George Freeman said he thought the "courts will probably take the view" that Baroness Hallett was entitled to decide "what evidence she deems relevant".

But he added "people's privacy is really important" and that the question of how private correspondence should be handled was a "point worth testing".

"I would like to see a situation where the inquiry says: 'Listen, we will wholly respect the privacy of anything that's not related to Covid. We will redact it'," he said.

Labour's deputy leader, Angela Rayner, described the government's legal action as a "desperate attempt to withhold evidence". The Liberal Democrats called it a "kick in the teeth for bereaved families".

Lord Barwell, who worked as chief of staff to former Prime Minister Theresa May, told the BBC Radio 4's Today programme he thought the government was making a "bad mistake".

He added: "We're having the inquiry to give people confidence we're getting to the truth. And if the government is controlling what the inquiry can and can't see, then people are not going to get confidence in the outcome."

Last updated on .From the section Cricket

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has spoken to leaders at the England and Wales Cricket Board after a report highlighted discrimination in cricket.

The Independent Commission for Equity in Cricket (ICEC) said racism, sexism, classism and elitism are "widespread" in the game.

"For people who love cricket that was hard to read," said Sunak.

"My first reaction was that it is really sad to see a sport I love being described like that."

The ICEC was announced by the ECB in March 2021 in the wake of global movements such as Black Lives Matter and Me Too.

The damning report made 44 recommendations, including that the ECB makes an unreserved public apology for its failings. ECB chair Richard Thompson apologised on Tuesday.

"I've spoken to the team at the ECB and I think they have approached it in the right way," Sunak told BBC Test Match Special during the second Ashes Test at Lord's.

"They commissioned this report off their own back because they wanted to be proactive, so they deserve credit for that.

"From conversations I have had, they are absolutely committed to fixing the problems and for this to be a reset moment for cricket.

"We all want it to be open for everybody from all backgrounds and where everybody can feel respected and supported when playing it.

"I'm confident the leadership of the whole cricketing family share that ambition."

Sunak said he will monitor the ECB's response to the report in the coming months.

"I want to see cricket to be inclusive and open to everybody," he said. "I don't want to pre-empt how the ECB will respond."

The ICEC criticised the lack of cricket in state schools, saying a talent pathway structurally aligned to private schools is partly to blame for "elitism and class-based discrimination".

Sunak praised the African Caribbean Engagement Programme (ACE), which helps young people from more diverse communities into the game, and was asked how cricket could be brought back into state schools when many pitches had been sold off by a series of governments.

He said: "We as a government have put more money into school sports - £600m over the next couple of years. The government, typically, doesn't dictate what sports schools should play.

"After meeting the Lionesses [the England women's football team] we did support their campaign to make sure girls had access to the same sports as boys, as well as a minimum amount of sport we want all schools to do."

Sunak spoke of his own childhood playing and watching cricket. He said he had not experienced racism in the game but had in wider society.

"There are instances in your childhood that stay with you," he said.

"But those instances I suffered as a child don't think would happen to my kids today because we have made incredible progress as a country.

"Of course there are pockets where we are not doing as well and we have to strive to be better."

Sunak was also asked about the pressures of running the country and admitted it "weighs very heavily".

"When we have inflation at the levels it is at, the impacts on pay packets, budgets and what people can do for their kids," he added.

"It is my responsibility to fix it and make the situation better."

The prime minister distanced himself from his predecessors, saying he wanted to "act with integrity" when asked how he would restore trust in politicians.

He said: "There are lots of ways you can do that, acting with integrity, doing the right thing and doing the things you say."

The publisher of the Mirror newspapers has made a court apology to the former Coronation Street actor Nikki Sanderson after admitting using private investigators to get stories about her.

A barrister for Mirror Group Newspapers said it "unequivocally apologises" to her, adding "it shouldn't have happened and won't again".

Ms Sanderson was giving evidence in her High Court case against the newspapers.

Despite the admissions, MGN denies targeting her more widely.

She is claiming damages for 37 articles published in the Daily Mirror, Sunday Mirror and People newspapers between 1999 and 2009.

Andrew Green KC, for the newspapers, said she had lived through "much press intrusion" and giving evidence would be "unpleasant and stressful."

In her witness statement, Ms Sanderson said she had been "abused" by MGN and "attacked" by people with more power than her.

Ms Sanderson joined Coronation Street in 1999, aged 15, playing the role of Candice Stowe and immediately became of interest to the media, the court heard.

Crowds would regularly gather outside the studios and photographers would appear to get pictures of her.

Ms Sanderson alleges the newspapers used information from her mobile phone voicemails which were hacked, and paid private investigators to get personal information about her.

Mr Green said a small number of records for calls from journalists to her phone numbers had been disclosed, but showed no evidence they were to hack her phone.

However, within invoices for payments to private investigators, Mr Green said four were for the firms ELI and Avalon, which have been implicated in unlawful information gathering

Making the apology, he said MGN admitted on four occasions in 2004 and 2005 journalists used the investigators to target Ms Sanderson.

Mr Green is continuing to cross-examine Ms Sanderson about the stories she has put at the centre of her case.

Prince Harry has said he is suing the publisher of the Daily Mirror to stop "absolute intrusion and hate" towards him and his wife.

The case is also due to hear from other claimants including Coronation Street actor Michael Turner, known professionally as Michael Le Vell, and Fiona Wightman, the ex-wife of comedian Paul Whitehouse.

They all allege unlawful methods were used to obtain information for stories and say senior executives must have known about it and failed to stop it, which MGN denies.

MGN, which has admitted widespread unlawful information gathering against other celebrities, has argued Ms Sanderson should have brought her legal action years ago, under rules that civil claims must be made within six years.

She called this "gaslighting" in her witness statement.

Describing herself as a "young girl" at the time, Ms Sanderson accused the publisher of "hiring random men" to follow her.

"They could have done anything to me," she said, adding that it was "particularly distressing to learn that these illegal activities continued for a period of many years".

Describing her experiences as "abuse", she said she did not use the word "lightly".

"The fact is these people were in positions of power and I was a child and a young female, and I was attacked by people who were more powerful than me - I did nothing to deserve this treatment."

Ms Sanderson also said she was tricked into giving away the name of a hotel she was staying at in Zakynthos, Greece.

She said someone working for "Disney or Universal" contacted her mother saying they were interested in making her part of a film and needed to send a telegram.

"The next thing I know, the paps [paparazzi] and press had managed to find me, she said, adding she "was little more than a child and they deceived me".

Ms Sanderson also said she was subjected to "mental and physical abuse" as a result of public backlash from articles written in the Mirror.

As well as being shouted at in the street, she said on one occasion a group of girls set fire to her hair in the toilets of a club.

"Fortunately, I wasn't wearing any hair product, otherwise, my hair would have gone up in flames," she said.

Ms Sanderson said she came to think that "random people" or others at Coronation Street were selling stories about her.

She also said she was "really hurt" by one article which accused her father of being a "womaniser".

"To have my personal life splashed over the papers for people to indulge in was heart-breaking."

Last updated on .From the section Championship

Jeremy Sarmiento's goal in the final seconds gave Ipswich Town a dramatic victory over 10-man Southampton and put them top of the Championship.

Leif Davis' powerful strike was cancelled out a minute later by Che Adams' equaliser for the visitors.

Adam Armstrong slotted home to give the Saints the lead but Nathan Broadhead levelled in the 68th minute with an instinctive turn and finish.

James Bree was sent off after bringing Davis down with five minutes left, before Sarmiento netted at the death.

The result leaves Ipswich two points in front of Leicester City, having played one game more.

It was also a big blow to Southampton's slim hopes of automatic promotion.

Ipswich got off to the perfect start, with a lethal strike by Davis into the top left-hand corner opening the scoring.

Portman Road erupted as the ball flew into the net, venomously struck by the left-back, beating keeper Gavin Bazunu at his near post.

Russell Martin's side equalised immediately when Adams helped on Joe Aribo's pass into the back of the net.

Stuart Armstrong then made a determined run down the left-hand side before cutting infield and splitting open Ipswich's defence, finding Adam Armstrong, who fired low into the bottom corner of Vaclav Hladky's goal to give Southampton the lead.

Ipswich came close to equalising in the 65th minute when Al-Hamadi struck the post.

Broadhead then scored to level the game again with a first-time finish on the spin to beat Bazunu and trigger a deafening roar from the home crowd.

And with seconds remaining, Davis crossed to the penalty spot where Sarmiento mis-kicked before instinctively lashing out with his right foot, nudging the ball beyond Bazunu.

"I feel really proud of the effort everyone put in there. You have to enjoy moments like that. What a game to be a part of.

"There were so many good things in the performance and so much to improve. It was a real step up for us in quality to play a team like that.

"All of the subs had a great impact and it's the sign of our culture. All of our players and staff are joyous in the dressing room. We have to enjoy it."

"Their (winning) goal came out of nothing. It shouldn't go in and Gavin (Bazunu) should do better. He'll know that.

"At 2-2 I thought we'd be the team that could win it but the red card changed everything. We should score more and can't concede the way we did.

"We came here with so many brilliant performances. It's so disappointing to lose. We were the best team tonight.

"The performance was great but moments have cost us. There's 24 points to play for and we have to win every game now."
• None Goal! Ipswich Town 3, Southampton 2. Jeremy Sarmiento (Ipswich Town) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Leif Davis.
• None Attempt saved. Nathan Broadhead (Ipswich Town) right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box is saved in the centre of the goal.
• None Jan Bednarek (Southampton) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
• None Attempt blocked. Nathan Broadhead (Ipswich Town) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Leif Davis.
• None Attempt blocked. Nathan Broadhead (Ipswich Town) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Jack Taylor. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The EU has suspended all security cooperation with Niger after the country's army took power in a coup.

It comes shortly after the US declared its "unflagging support" for ousted president Mohamed Bazoum - seen as a key Western ally in the fight against Islamist militants.

On Friday the head of the presidential guards unit Gen Abdourahmane Tchiani declared himself Niger's new leader.

He said insecurity, economic woes and corruption led him to seize power.

But there are now concerns in the West about which countries the new leader will align with.

Niger's neighbours, Burkina Faso and Mali, have both pivoted towards Russia since their own coups.

EU foreign policy chief Josep Borrell joined the US and France in refusing to recognise the coup leaders and said security cooperation and budgetary aid was being suspended indefinitely.

Also on Saturday France, the former colonial power which had moved its regional military headquarters to the country after being forced to leave Mali, said it had suspended all development aid and budgetary support.

Meanwhile the African Union called on the Niger army to return to base within 15 days.

On Friday evening US Secretary of State Antony Blinken warned those detaining Mr Bazoum - Niger's first elected leader to succeed another since independence in 1960 - that "hundreds of millions of dollars of assistance" was at risk.

However, the leader of Russia's Wagner mercenary group has reportedly described the coup as a triumph.

"What happened in Niger is nothing other than the struggle of the people of Niger with their colonisers," Yevgeny Prigozhin was quoted as saying on a Wagner-affiliated Telegram channel.

"With colonisers who are trying to foist their rules of life on them and their conditions and keep them in the state that Africa was in hundreds of years ago."

He added: "Today this is effectively gaining their independence."

The BBC has not been able to verify the authenticity of his reported comments.

Wagner is believed to have thousands of fighters in countries including the Central African Republic (CAR) and Mali, where it has lucrative business interests but also bolsters Russia's diplomatic and economic relations.

Wagner fighters have been accused of widespread human rights abuses in several African countries.

Gen Tchiani, 62, has been in charge of the presidential guard since 2011 and was promoted to the rank of general in 2018 by former President Issoufou.

He had also been linked to a 2015 coup attempt against the ex-president, but appeared in court to deny it.

On Friday Gen Tchiani said his junta took over because of problems in Niger including insecurity, economic woes and corruption.

He also addressed Niger's global allies, saying the junta would respect all of the country's international commitments, as well as human rights.

But the junta has had strong words for those who oppose them, accusing members of the ousted government who have taken refuge in foreign embassies of plotting against them.

They said any such attempt would lead to bloodshed, which has so far been avoided.

Life in the capital Niamey has largely returned to normal with markets and shops open, but civil servants have been told to go home.

Meanwhile Nigeriens have mixed feelings about the coup, with some saying insecurity in the country wasn't severe enough to justify a coup. But others have supported the junta.

Niger's coup is the latest in a wave of military takeovers that have hit the West African region in recent years, toppling governments in countries including Mali, Guinea and Burkina Faso.

It also comes as a big blow to the leadership of regional body Ecowas. Just two weeks ago, the bloc's chairman, President Bola Tinubu, warned that terrorism and the emerging pattern of coups in West Africa had reached alarming levels and demanded urgent, concerted actions.

This is the fifth coup in Niger since it gained independence from France in 1960, on top of other unsuccessful takeover attempts.

Why does the Bank of England keep raising rates?

James from Norwich notes that people are spending more because of high energy and food prices. The point of raising interest rates is to reduce the amount people spend - so why does the Bank of England keep raising rates? Lots of people are asking the same question – for entirely understandable reasons. Why would the Bank of England raise rates, increasing the financial pain on those already suffering, knowing that the impact on prices could be limited? One answer is that the base rate is a blunt instrument, but pretty much the sharpest the Bank has. So, the committee has decided that a higher rate will dampen some non-essential spending, and bring down the rate of price rises (known as inflation). It may take some time. Clearly, the impact is that borrowing gets more expensive for millions of people. This may, or may not, be the end of the run of rate rises. It certainly isn’t the end of the debate over this policy.

Thames Water has seen its troubles deepen after its parent company defaulted on part of its huge debt pile.

Kemble Water has formally told lenders it failed to meet a deadline to pay interest on £400m of debt due on Tuesday.

The water giant has also asked lenders not to take any action as it explores its options.

Thames Water's 16 million customers will not be affected.

This notification confirms an announcement on 28 March that Kemble would be unable to repay its lenders as interest and principal payments - including a loan repayment of £190m due at the end of April - come up.

It has issued a formal notice to its bondholders, but asked them to take "no creditor action" in order to enable a "stable platform" for negotiations. Companies sell bonds to investors to raise the funds they need, paying the money back over time with a premium.

Being in default renders Kemble Water effectively insolvent but that will not affect the underlying utility business that supplies water and waste services to 1 in 4 people in the UK.

The company has been engulfed by a crisis which has seen shareholders refuse to pay a £500m lifeline injection that would have shored up its finances, as well as fierce criticism over Thames Water's handling of leaks and sewage treatment.

The future of Thames Water has been uncertain since fears emerged that it could collapse last June, with the latest developments raising questions around a potential restructure.

The company has been struggling with debts of £14.7bn.

But the new boss of Thames Water - and the regulator Ofwat - insist that the company has enough cash and overdraft facilities to see it through to May of next year.

While the dominos are falling at the parent company, these will fall short of triggering a collapse.

However, at some point Thames Water will need to raise new money. The current shareholders which include UK and Canadian pension funds as well as Chinese and Gulf State investors pulled the planned £500m cash injection when Ofwat rejected proposals to raise customer bills by 40% above inflation by 2030.

Kemble, which is funded entirely through dividends paid out by Thames Water, said it expects it will be able to provide a further update in "the coming weeks".

Regardless of what happens, water supplies to Thames Water's customers will continue as normal.

Humza Yousaf has won the race to succeed Nicola Sturgeon as leader of the SNP, and will now face a vote in the Scottish Parliament before being confirmed as the country's sixth first minister.

About 50,000 of the SNP's 72,000 members took part in the leadership vote, which saw Mr Yousaf defeat Kate Forbes and Ash Regan.

The leadership election was decided by the Single Transferable Vote system, with Mr Yousaf failing to win a majority in the first round of voting.

But he won 52.1% of the votes after second preference votes from Ms Regan, who was eliminated after finishing third in the first round, were redistributed.

Ms Forbes came second with 47.9% of the votes when second preferences were included, with Mr Yousaf receiving a total of 26,032 votes and Ms Forbes 23,890.

When Ms Sturgeon announced that she was standing down, she said she would continue as first minister until her successor was chosen.

It is expected that she will now formally inform the King of her intention to resign as first minister after more than eight years in the role.

On Tuesday, Mr Yousaf will be nominated by MSPs to replace Ms Sturgeon as first minister.

Any MSP from any party can also be nominated for the role. There were seven candidates in 2003, with Ms Sturgeon defeating then-Conservative leader Ruth Davidson in 2014, Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie in 2016 and both Mr Rennie and current Tory leader Douglas Ross in 2021.

It is expected that Mr Yousaf will be up against Mr Ross, Scottish Labour leader Anas Sarwar and Lib Dem leader Alex Cole-Hamilton this time around - although none of the opposition leaders has any prospect of winning.

After the nominees have all made a brief speech in parliament, MSPs will vote for their preferred candidate.

A candidate must receive more votes than all of their rivals combined in order to win.

If this does not happen, the contender with the least number of votes drops out and another round of voting is held.

This process continues until one candidate gets a majority of the votes cast.

The parliament's presiding officer, the equivalent of the Speaker in the House of Commons, will then recommend to the King that he appoints the winning candidate as first minister of Scotland. Unless something truly remarkable happens, that will be Mr Yousaf.

In the unlikely event that parliament cannot elect a first minister within 28 days, an election would be held.

The new first minister will be formally sworn in - probably on Wednesday - in a short ceremony at the Court of Session in Edinburgh.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Nicola Sturgeon was sworn in in a simple ceremony at the Court of Session in Edinburgh

He will then take the "official declaration", or oath of office, with the court's Lord President also asking them to take a vow as Keeper of the Scottish Seal.

Finally, he will also make an oath of allegiance to the King.

The first minister is likely to start the process of appointing government ministers after he has been sworn in.

Mr Yousaf - a republican - will also become a member of the King's Privy Council group of advisors, and is likely to be invited for a private audience with the monarch.

On Thursday, he will face opposition leaders for the first time at the weekly First Minister's Questions session.

The artwork has been unveiled in Orangefield Park in east Belfast

"For every dark night there's a brighter day."

That's the message a group of young men in east Belfast is hoping inspires and gives comfort to people struggling with their mental health.

The young men have been meeting as a group every week since the death of one of their friends last year and have now unveiled a public art piece in a local park, in his memory.

Adam Woods was 21 when he died of an accidental drug overdose.

The artwork is part of a project based in Orangefield Park.

They hope it will also promote mental health awareness among young people who use the park.

The initiative has been supported by community groups including East Belfast Alternatives and Communities in Transition as well as Belfast City Council.

Adam Woods was 21 when he died last year

Cameron Watson, who is part of the group, believes the opportunity to meet up each week and have a laugh with mates helps young people who may be sad or depressed.

"It's brilliant because you never know, someone could be sitting in their house and they could be feeling very low, very down," he told BBC News NI.

"We do it every Thursday night. Having a chat for an hour, an hour and a half, it could make somebody's week."

The group said the project has been in the works for about one year

Daniel Hodos also paid tribute to his friend at the art's unveiling.

"Adam's just another one of those unfortunate people to have lost their lives to the mental health crisis we have in Northern Ireland," he said.

Another of the group's participants, Luke Allison, hopes the project will help older generations have a better understanding about young people in the area and hear their voices.

"I think there's a bit of a divide with people not understanding us and thinking maybe we're just messers, we're young lads, we're negative, we're anti-social," he added.

"This just shows how much we aren't and how we're going to be the future of this place."

The group hopes the artwork will change perceptions about young people

Adam's mother, Lynda Woods, told BBC News NI she was overwhelmed by the effort that has gone into the project.

"It's just a testament of what they think of Adam and how much he touched their lives," she said.

"They're just so articulate and so passionate about mental health and helping the community."

Adam's family and friends want the inscription on the art piece, "for every dark night there's a brighter day", to be an inspiration to other young people who may be struggling with their mental health.

If you are affected by any of the issues in this article you can find help and advice at BBC Action Line.

A mayor of a small Mexican town has wed a caiman bride in an age-old ritual for prosperity. He could be seen kissing the reptile, whose snout had been tied shut.

The seven-year-old caiman, nicknamed 'little princess', is thought to represent a deity linked with mother earth. Her marriage to the local leader symbolises the joining of humans with the divine.

The tradition likely dates back centuries to Oaxaca state's Chontal and Huave indigenous communities. "It is the union of two cultures. The union of the Huaves and the Chontales," Mayor Victor Hugo Sosa told reporters.

Dune star Timothée Chalamet and Hugh Grant of Notting Hill-fame pictured in the forthcoming Wonka

Hugh Grant has been pictured for the first time as an Oompa Loompa in the first official trailer for Wonka.

The movie tells the backstory of eccentric chocolatier Willy Wonka, played by US star Timothée Chalamet.

It is set before the opening of his famous chocolate factory.

At the end of the trailer, Wonka meets Grant's green-haired and orange-faced character, who is trapped in a glass jar, noting: "So you're the funny little man who's been following me?"

Chalamet revealed a still image of him as Wonka in 2021 but now the new trailer shows him in full flow

It is a departure for Grant, 62, who is best known for playing quintessentially English gentlemen in films like Notting Hill, Love Actually and Bridget Jones's Diary.

Portraying one of the workers at Wonka's factory, he is seen responding: "I will have you know that I am a perfectly respectful size for an Oompa-Loompa."

After Chalamet's Wonka appears to be unaware of the people from Loompaland, Grant's character opts to "refresh your memory" by playing him a tune and starting to dance.

He follows in the footsteps of Gene Wilder and Johnny Depp in portraying the character

Chalamet, 27, who rose to fame in 2017's Call Me By Your Name and went on to star in Dune, is shown in the clip complete with red coat and top hat at the start of Wonka's journey to becoming the famous confectioner. He's described as "something of a magician, inventor and chocolate maker".

We are informed that the protagonist, who has "spent the past seven years traveling the world perfecting my craft", will come up against a feared "chocolate cartel". He also teams up with a young girl, played by Calah Lane, on his way to inventing a chocolate that makes those who eat it fly.

This YouTube post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on YouTube The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. YouTube content may contain adverts. Skip youtube video by Warner Bros. Pictures This article contains content provided by Google YouTube. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Google’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. YouTube content may contain adverts.

The film, based on Roald Dahl's much-loved children's book Charlie And The Chocolate Factory, has been directed by Paddington film-maker Paul King.

It also stars Oscar winner Olivia Colman, Oscar nominee Sally Hawkins and Mr Bean star Rowan Atkinson, as well as former Great British Bake Off presenter Matt Lucas.

In taking on the central role, Chalamet follows in the footsteps of Gene Wilder, who starred in 1971's Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory; and Johnny Depp, who appeared in Tim Burton's 2005 adaptation.

According to the on-screen captions, the forthcoming film will tell "the wondrous story of how the world's greatest inventor, magician and chocolate-maker became the beloved Willy Wonka we know today".

Speaking in May, Chalamet said: "To work on something that will have an uncynical young audience, that was just a big joy.

"That's why I was drawn to it. In a time and climate of intense political rhetoric, when there's so much bad news all the time, this is hopefully going to be a piece of chocolate."

Filming for Wonka began in the UK in September 2021, taking place at locations including Lyme Regis, Bath, St Albans, Oxford and the Rivoli Ballroom in Brockley, London - as well as at Warner Bros. Studios in Leavesden, near Watford.

Wonka is out in UK cinemas in December.

There have been calls for Orkney to become part of Norway

Orkney councillors have voted to investigate alternative methods of governance amid deep frustrations over funding and opportunities.

Council leader James Stockan said the islands had been "held down" and accused the Scottish and UK governments of discrimination.

His motion led to media speculation that Orkney could leave the UK or become a self-governing territory of Norway.

It was supported by 15 votes to six.

It means council officers have been asked to publish a report to Orkney's chief executive on options of governance.

This includes looking at the "Nordic connections" of the archipelago and crown dependencies such as Jersey and Guernsey.

A further change which would see the revival of a consultative group on constitutional reform for the islands was accepted without the need for a vote.

On Monday, the prime minister's spokesperson rejected the suggestion the islands could loosen its ties with the union.

Mr Stockan urged councillors to back his idea to find new ways to get greater financial security and economic opportunities for Orcadians.

Speaking to councillors on Tuesday, he said the motion was "not about us joining Norway".

He added: "I say it's time for government to take us seriously and I say it's time for us to look at all the options we've got.

"There is a far bigger suite of options here - this could even be that we could get our money direct from the Treasury in London and look after our own future.

"We have been held down and we all know most of what I could say today in terms of discrimination against this community from governments. We all know how much less we get compared to other island groups."

Council leader James Stockan says Orkney does not get fair funding within the UK

Orkney Islands Council previously voted in 2017 to look at whether the islands could have greater autonomy.

While councillors wanted to have a "stronger voice", they did not back full independence for Orkney.

Currently, most of the island's 21 councillors sit as independents - two are Greens.

Mr Stockan has said an ageing ferry fleet is among the issues being faced by islanders.

He previously told the BBC the situation was "critical" because the ferries, which are older than the Western Isles fleet, were beginning to fail.

His concerns were widely shared by other councillors, however some raised issues with self-governance, such as the cost of carrying out such investigations.

Cllr Steven Heddle also mentioned disadvantages including having to buy back the sea bed, and tuition fees for students wishing to study in Scotland.

He called Mr Stockan's efforts "politics of grievance" and said that every council felt hard done by, citing roads in Edinburgh that were "worse" than Orkney's despite the council having far more funding.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak's official spokesperson said: "First and foremost there is no mechanism for the conferral of Crown Dependency or Overseas Territory status on any part of the UK.

"We have no plans to change the devolution settlement we are supporting Orkney with £50m to grow the economic prosperity of the Scottish islands, through the islands deal.

"But the government's position is that the UK is stronger united."

Orkney was previously held under Norwegian and Danish control until it became part of Scotland in 1472.

The islands were used as security for the wedding dowry of Margaret of Denmark, the future wife of King James III of Scotland.

The Scottish government said in 2023-24 Orkney Islands Council would receive £89.7m to fund services, with an extra £4.6m from an increase in council tax by 10%.

A spokesperson added it was "committed to supporting island communities".

The Norwegian government declined to comment on the proposals.

Today's vote was never about Orkney becoming part of Norway, or any of the other headlines we've seen over recent days.

Rather it was a chance for councillors to express their extreme frustration with what they see as the unfair deal they get from the Scottish and UK governments, with council leader James Stockan saying the islands had been failed by both of them.

The successful passing of the motion is the first of many hurdles in Orkney gaining a degree of greater autonomy.

Council officials will now be tasked with investigating options. Mr Stockan said that "nothing was off the table" - including of course the much-publicised return to Norway or Denmark.

Reaction to the vote on the streets of Kirkwall has been fairly mixed.

Some don't want to see any tax-payer money devoted to what one councillor described as "frankly bizarre fantasies".

Others feel that the council does get a raw deal from both Holyrood and Westminster, and that anything that gets the two governments to sit up and pay attention is worth looking at.

The eyes of the global media have been on Orkney for the past few days.

It's now up to the islands council to capitalise on that attention.

Chinese authorities have warned of "multiple natural disasters" in the coming month, as heavy rains lash parts of the country.

A weather alert is in place for large areas of central and southwestern China and thousands of people have been evacuated.

A building collapsed into raging floodwaters in Chongqing. Meanwhile, in Henan province, rescuers were filmed freeing people trapped on top of a car in the middle of a torrent of water.

The former prime minister has not handed over any messages from before April 2021 - more than a year into the pandemic

Boris Johnson has said he is giving unredacted WhatsApp messages dating back to May 2021 directly to the Covid inquiry, bypassing the government which has refused to hand them over.

The Cabinet Office has launched a legal challenge to the inquiry's demand for texts from the former PM and officials.

It argues that many of the messages are irrelevant to the investigation.

However, the head of the inquiry, Baroness Hallett, has said it's her job to decide what is and is not relevant.

In a letter to Baroness Hallett, Mr Johnson said that he understood why the government was taking legal action, but that he was "perfectly content" to release messages he had already sent to the Cabinet Office.

Mr Johnson added he would like to send messages pre-dating April 2021, but that he had been told he could no longer access his phone from that period "safely".

Security concerns were raised over the phone, after it emerged the number had been freely available on the internet for 15 years.

The messages received before this date would be likely to cover discussions about the coronavirus lockdowns implemented in 2020.

Mr Johnson said he wanted to "test" the advice received from the security services and had asked the Cabinet Office for assistance in turning his old phone on securely.

He added he no longer had access to his contemporaneous notebooks as he had handed these to the Cabinet Office.

"I have asked that the Cabinet Office pass these to you. If the government chooses not to do so, I will ask for these to be returned to my office so that I can provide them to you directly."

Speaking to BBC Radio 4's World At One programme, cyber-security expert Prof Alan Woodward said the risk of turning on Mr Johnson's old phone was "minimal", adding: "It is perfectly possible to do that without exposing it to the potential threat."

Earlier this week, the inquiry told the government to submit messages sent between Mr Johnson and 40 other ministers and officials during the pandemic by 16:00 BST on Thursday.

Mr Johnson said he was "more than happy" to give the unredacted material to the inquiry.

The Cabinet Office - which supports the prime minister in running the government - also holds communications between ministers and civil servants which do not involve Mr Johnson.

On Thursday, it missed the deadline and said it would "with regret" be launching a judicial review of the demand, but promised to "continue to co-operate fully with the inquiry".

Defending its decision not to hand over certain messages, the Cabinet Office argued that many of the communications were "unambiguously irrelevant", and that to submit them to the inquiry would compromise ministers' privacy and hamper future decision-making.

"It represents an unwarranted intrusion into other aspects of the work of government. It also represents an intrusion into their legitimate expectations of privacy and protection of their personal information," the Cabinet Office said, in a letter to the inquiry.

Speaking to the BBC One's Question Time on Thursday, science minister George Freeman said he thought the "courts will probably take the view" that Baroness Hallett was entitled to decide "what evidence she deems relevant".

But he added "people's privacy is really important" and that the question of how private correspondence should be handled was a "point worth testing".

"I would like to see a situation where the inquiry says: 'Listen, we will wholly respect the privacy of anything that's not related to Covid. We will redact it'," he said.

Labour's deputy leader, Angela Rayner, described the government's legal action as a "desperate attempt to withhold evidence". The Liberal Democrats called it a "kick in the teeth for bereaved families".

Lord Barwell, who worked as chief of staff to former Prime Minister Theresa May, told the BBC Radio 4's Today programme he thought the government was making a "bad mistake".

He added: "We're having the inquiry to give people confidence we're getting to the truth. And if the government is controlling what the inquiry can and can't see, then people are not going to get confidence in the outcome."

Toby Burwell went missing from his home in Newbold-on-Avon in February

The body of a missing 17-year-old boy has been recovered from a quarry in Warwickshire.

Police divers found the body in Newbold Quarry, Rugby, on Thursday afternoon.

He was formally identified as Toby Burwell, who had been missing from his home in Newbold-on-Avon since 20 February.

His death is not currently being treated as suspicious, Warwickshire Police said.

A force spokesperson added: "Our thoughts remain with Toby's family and friends at this incredibly difficult time."

Police had been searching the water and land around Newbold Quarry since Toby's disappearance more than six weeks ago.

The 17-year-old was known to have previously gone swimming in the quarry at night.

Last week, Warwickshire Police said the evidence gathered strongly suggested Toby had got into difficulty while swimming in the quarry and never left the water.

"At present, the evidence we have gathered strongly supports the conclusion that Toby went to Newbold Quarry alone for a swim and that, tragically, he got into difficulty and remains in the water," Det Insp Gareth Unett said in a statement agreed with Toby's family at the time.

Specialist search officers, police divers, sonar and underwater drones had been used during the search operation, which was hampered by poor visibility and underwater hazards.

A file is now being prepared for the coroner, Warwickshire Police confirmed.
• None Missing teen likely never left quarry, police say

Joe Abbess, 17, was pulled from the water near Bournemouth Pier

The family of a 17-year-old boy who died after being pulled from the sea in Bournemouth say they are "heartbroken and devastated" at his death.

Joe Abbess and a 12-year-old girl, named locally as Sunnah Khan, from High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire, died in the incident involving 10 swimmers on Wednesday.

Joe and Sunnah both suffered critical injuries and died in hospital.

Joe's parents said they had been "privileged to have him in our lives".

Dorset Police said it was continuing to investigate what had happened.

More than 200 people are understood to have attended Sunnah Khan's funeral on Saturday

In a statement, Joe's family said they and his friends would "always love him" and were "incredibly proud of the fabulous young man he was".

"He was kind and generous, loving and caring, hardworking and funny," they said.

"Joe was a talented trainee chef, with a bright future ahead of him... we are so sorry he will never fulfil his dreams and ambitions."

The beach was cleared as emergency services attended the incident

They said Joe had been enjoying a day at the beach on Wednesday, adding: "We would like to thank his friends and all of the emergency services who helped him, when this tragedy unfolded."

Emergency services were called to the scene, which was packed with people on half-term holidays, just after 16:30 BST.

Eight other swimmers were rescued and treated on the beach.

RNLI and Dorset Police have had an "increased presence" along the seafront over the weekend following the incident.

RNLI and Dorset Police have had an "increased presence" along the seafront over the weekend

More than 200 people are understood to have attended Sunnah's funeral on Saturday, held by High Wycombe Mosques.

An earlier police statement confirmed there was no physical contact with a jet ski or boat and no-one jumped from the pier during the incident.

A man in his 40s, who was on the water at the time of the incident, was arrested on suspicion of manslaughter and has since been released while inquiries continue.

Follow BBC South on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to south.newsonline@bbc.co.uk.

Two poultry workers in England have tested positive for bird flu, although there are no signs of human-to-human transmission, the UK Health and Security Agency (UKHSA) has said.

Both people were known to have recently worked on an infected poultry farm and have since tested negative.

Neither worker experienced symptoms of avian influenza, with both cases found during screening.

The risk to the general population remains very low, the UKHSA added.

The UKHSA is running a programme of testing workers who have come into contact with infected birds, but is also running asymptomatic testing.

The first person who tested positive is thought to have inhaled the virus.

The second person is thought to be a more complicated case and it is unclear whether they have suffered a genuine infection or whether they too inhaled the virus while at work.

The UKHSA says precautionary contact tracing has been undertaken for this second individual.

Chief Medical Advisor at the UKHSA Professor Susan Hopkins said that globally there is "no evidence of spread of this strain from person to person, but we know that viruses evolve all the time and we remain vigilant for any evidence of changing risk to the population."

"It remains critical that people avoid touching sick or dead birds, and that they follow the DEFRA advice about reporting," she added.

Professor James Wood, head of veterinary medicine at the University of Cambridge, said the finding should lead to "greater attention" on asymptomatic infection and sampling.

He said it was important to sequence the virus in the two workers and infected birds in order to see if there were any mutations of concern, adding that resampling the workers could indicate whether they had developed an immune response.

There are various different types of avian flu that have circulated in the past - the latest one infecting birds is H5.

Although none of these strains easily infect people, and they are not usually spread from person to person, small numbers of people have been infected around the world, leading to a small number of deaths.

There have been very few cases of bird flu transmission to people recorded in the UK. The virus is not that well suited to humans and does not spread as easily as it does between birds.

It usually requires very close contact with an infected bird, which is why experts say the risk to humans is currently considered very low.

These latest cases do not change that assessment. There is no suggestion that the virus has changed to become more infectious to us or spread from person to person.

A "mandatory housing order" for England and Wales was lifted on 18 April, meaning poultry and captive birds could be kept outside again.

The measures were introduced during the world's biggest ever bird flu outbreak.

Government guidance on the signs of bird flu and how to report it can be found here.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Great-grandad, 111, is now the world's oldest man

A great-grandfather from Merseyside has become the world's oldest living man.

John Tinniswood, who is 111 years and 223 days old, puts his longevity down to a fish and chips on a Friday and having hiked regularly when he was young.

Mr Tinniswood, who now lives in a care home in Southport, advises "exercising the mind" and "moderation".

The previous title-holder, Juan Vicente Pérez Mora of Venezuela, died aged 114 on Tuesday.

Mr Tinniswood, a Liverpool FC fan, was born in the city on 26 August 1912, and can recall standing on the terraces watching Billy Liddell and Everton's Dixie Dean.

He met his wife, Blodwen, during World War Two, and they married in 1942.

The couple were married for 44 years until Blodwen died in 1986.

Their daughter, Susan, was born in 1943.

He worked for Royal Mail, for Shell, and for BP until he retired in 1972.

He said his earliest memory was his first day at school at Lawrence Road and later The Holt Secondary School, now known as Childwall Comprehensive School.

He said he did not have a special diet but continues to enjoy his favourite meal, fish and chips, every Friday.

He also recommended to "never over-tax your system" for a healthy life, and to get along with people.

"We are all different people," he said.

"It is up to us to make that difference work, otherwise everything fails."

Mr Tinniswood was presented with the Guinness World Records certificate on 4 April.

The world's oldest living woman, and oldest living person overall, is Spain's Maria Branyas Morera, who recently celebrated her 117th birthday.

The evidence for the oldest man living was examined by Guinness World Records' Senior Consultant for Gerontology, Robert Young, and the Gerontology Research Group.

Why not follow BBC Merseyside on Facebook, X and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

This was history in the making - and you had to pinch yourself to think you were seeing it close-up, inside Westminster Abbey.

Over there was the battered but rather beautiful Coronation chair, with a King about to be crowned. It looked almost fragile waiting for its royal occupant.

You could feel the sense of expectation. It was really happening right here, on an altar full of candlelight, prayers and a glow of gold. The Abbey was like being inside a jewel box.

The first Coronation in 70 years proved to be a sumptuous, seamless and often surreal ceremony.

Before 2,300 guests, King Charles and Queen Camilla went through the ancient rituals, with a twist of modern signals about diversity.

But it was also like a spectacularly lavish wedding, with friends, families and famous faces crowded into every corner of the church, playing with their phones, checking to see who else was there.

And where else would international royalty, world leaders and 100 overseas heads of state get an opportunity to meet Ant and Dec?

The King is crowned in the 700-year-old Coronation chair

There were glamorous outfits and hats, splashes of military uniforms with epaulettes, plumes and swords, clerical robes and every shade and shape of national dress. The selfies on the way in were going to prove that they'd really been here.

There were traditional roles with baffling titles such as Bluemantle Pursuivant and Rouge Dragon Pursuivant and a number of men seemed to be entirely dressed in medieval flags.

Walking down the nave when he arrived, the King seemed to be pausing to take it all in.

What was he thinking, after all the decades that he'd been waiting for this day? Was he thinking about his mother, his own family, the responsibility?

When the Archbishop of Canterbury appeared to give the crown a couple of twists on his head, the King might have been thinking less charitable thoughts.

A guest in the Abbey takes a selfie with Ant and Dec

And the only person who could have stolen the King's show was possibly Penny Mordaunt, the lord president of the council, who hovered around the high altar looking like a deity who had escaped from an ancient Greek urn.

But the King must have been delighted with the music, not least because he'd chosen it himself, like all of this elaborate ceremony. It was like a big work of art and he was its creator.

At close quarters in the abbey, the orchestra and choir were remarkable, the music welling up like a tidal wave of sound. It was bouncing off the stained glass windows.

The piece by William Byrd had all the aching melancholy and stillness that you suspect King Charles would really have enjoyed. Handel's Zadok the Priest, full of drama and anticipation, was a real spine-tingler.

There was also the most eclectic collection of people in the congregation. There were hundreds of charity workers, US First Lady Jill Biden, President Macron and rows of celebrities, such as Joanna Lumley, Maggie Smith, Stephen Fry, and hello, it's Lionel Ritchie.

Many of the guests had been inside the abbey for hours before it started, which meant some of the best-dressed queues ever seen for the toilets. I'd never really thought about the mechanics of such a visit for a peer in floor-length robes and ermine.

It was a lavish and colourful spectacle in the Abbey

There had been stories about MPs complaining about a lack of tickets for the Coronation. Part of the problem might be there are now so many ex-PMs to accommodate. Even Liz Truss got a seat.

Boris Johnson arrived looking like his shirt collars were staging their own backbench rebellion.

The current PM, Rishi Sunak, had a speaking part, delivering the Bible lesson.

For those hoping to watch any body language between Prince Harry and his brother Prince William, there was nothing to see, as they may as well have been sitting a continent apart.

Harry arrived looking relaxed and chatty, despite this being a huge transatlantic flying visit, and was seated a couple of rows behind Prince William, the Prince of Wales.

Prince Harry was heading back to the US straight after the service

The older brother, who must have been thinking that one day he'll face his own Coronation, was more engaged in his own role in the ceremony.

There seemed to be glances exchanged too between the husband and wife at the centre of this event, who were maybe having the big public wedding they didn't have before.

King Charles now has his Queen Camilla beside him. It took them about half an hour to get to the Abbey in the morning, but their journey to this point has taken them decades.

It's impossible to go into Westminster Abbey without feeling the weight of history on every side. It seeps from every plaque and statue. Even the clothes had a story. The King was wearing a robe that had been his grandfather's and Catherine was wearing earrings that had been Diana's.

Many guests might have been remembering being here at the late Queen's funeral, which eight months ago went out through the same doors as today's newly-crowned couple.

The King and Queen left the Abbey in the Gold State Coach

Such grand occasions, snapshots for the history books, are where the past, present and future overlap.

With the music soaring and the guests on their feet, the King and Queen left the Abbey to step inside the crown-on-wheels that is the Gold State Coach, with umbrellas up against the rain.

The carriage pulled away, past a sea of waving camera phones, and another era had begun.

Donald Trump is accused of pressuring an employee to delete security footage at his Florida home, in new criminal charges related to his alleged mishandling of classified files.

The latest indictment adds one count of wilful retention of defence information and two of obstruction, making 40 charges in total in this case.

Mr Trump denies any wrongdoing and has called the prosecutor "deranged".

He is fighting multiple legal cases as he runs for president again.

In a Friday morning interview, he reiterated that he would not end his 2024 campaign even if he is criminally convicted.

Mr Trump has pleaded not guilty to earlier charges in the case, alongside his personal aide Walt Nauta, who also received two additional charges of obstruction on Thursday.

The property manager at the former US president's Mar-a-Lago estate, Carlos de Oliveira, has also now been indicted.

The revised charge-sheet outlines alleged efforts between Mr Nauta and Mr de Oliveira to obstruct the justice department's investigation.

According to the court document, they conspired in an effort to delete surveillance video after the Department of Justice issued a subpoena demanding footage of the area where it said confidential documents were held.

Prosecutors claim Mr de Oliveira twice told Mar-a-Lago's director of information technology that "the boss" wanted the server deleted, in a conversation he said must remain between them.

The IT worker responded that he did not believe he had the authority to do so, according to the indictment.

The employee, who is not named or charged in the indictment, has been identified as Yuscil Taveras.

The charge-sheet also describes a scene in which Mr de Oliveira "walked through the bushes" into a property adjacent to the Mar-a-Lago resort to meet Mr Nauta.

Later, the court filing adds, Mr Trump phoned Mr de Oliveira and promised him legal counsel at Mr Nauta's request.

A lawyer for Mr de Oliveira has declined to comment on the allegations.

The updated indictment also says that Mr Trump knowingly discussed a top-secret document with biographers visiting Mar-a-Lago to interview him.

The paper Mr Trump allegedly revealed to the biographers contained possible plans to attack "Country A", which refers to Iran.

"Look what I found... Isn't it amazing? I have a big pile of papers, this thing just came up. Look," Mr Trump allegedly said to one of his guests.

The indictment included images of files allegedly stored in a shower

The documents case is led by special prosecutor Jack Smith, who is also overseeing a separate investigation into alleged efforts to overturn the results of the 2020 election.

Earlier on Thursday, Mr Trump's attorneys John Lauro and Todd Blanche met officials at Mr Smith's office in Washington DC.

The former president said on Thursday his lawyers had received no indication of timing of when charges may be filed in the case.

In an emailed statement, his presidential campaign dismissed the fresh charges as a "way to salvage their illegal witch hunt".

Congressional Republicans also defended Mr Trump against what many in the party have called a "weaponised Department of Justice".

Missouri Senator Josh Hawley suggested the charges had been timed to distract from the collapse of a plea deal for President Joe Biden's son, Hunter, over tax and gun offences.

Mr Biden is also facing a special counsel investigation into his handling of classified documents, some of which were discovered in a garage at his home in Wilmington, Delaware.

On Friday, a former Trump lawyer said "the evidence is so overwhelming" against his former client.

"I think this original indictment was engineered to last a thousand years and now this superseding indictment will last an antiquity," Ty Cobb, who represented Mr Trump early in his presidency, told CNN.

The latest charge against Mr Trump adds to a growing list of legal problems for the property and reality TV mogul.

He currently awaits trial on 34 felony counts in a hush-money case in New York, and also faces a defamation case from writer E Jean Carroll.

Georgia prosecutors are still weighing whether or not to press state charges over an alleged effort to overturn the election results there.

Former Trump aide Stephen Moore told the BBC the charges against the former president would only serve to solidify his nomination in the Republican presidential race.

"The more they indict him, the more his popularity goes up with Republicans", he told BBC Radio 4's Today programme.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: How much do you know about classified documents?

Denise Gossett, her son Roman, her daughter Sabrina and Sabrina's daughter Morgana were all killed in the fire

A jury has been sworn in for the trial of a man accused of causing a fire in which a family of four died in County Fermanagh.

The fire happened at their rented home in Molly Road near Derrylin on 27 February 2018.

Daniel Sebastian Allen, 32, denies each of their murders and one count of arson endangering life.

The court was told that Mr Allen, whose address was given as Maghaberry Prison, accepted the manslaughter of Denise and Sabrina Gossett.

He claim their deaths were due to "a suicide pact".

Daniel Allen, pictured at a previous court appearance, denies four counts of murder

The judge outlined the circumstances of the case to the jury.

He said the emergency services were called to a fire in a cottage near Derrylin.

When they arrived Mr Allen was standing outside and four bodies were discovered inside.

The prosecution case is that Mr Allen is responsible for all four murders and the arson.

He denies the four murders and claims he did not play any part in the deaths of Roman and Morgana.

The judge said that if there was a suicide pact with the eldest two then it would be open to the jury to return verdicts of manslaughter rather than murder in those two cases.

The jury of seven men and five women were told to return to court on Tuesday morning.

The trial at Dungannon Crown Court, sitting in Craigavon, is expected to last three to four weeks.

Victory Day commemorations in Berlin saw many turn out in the German capital with differing views

Russian communities across Europe have been polarised by the Ukraine war - and that threatened to spill over in Berlin this month when they marked the defeat of Nazi Germany.

Given how much Vladimir Putin uses the Soviet victory over fascism in 1945 to justify Russia's ongoing full-scale invasion of Ukraine, there was no avoiding the war here in the German capital.

Many German-based Russians clearly believe the president's reasons for the war, with some views in Berlin virtually indistinguishable from the narratives promoted by Russian state TV - but others are just as vocal in opposing it.

The commemorations in Berlin started on 8 May, as Germany marked the 78th anniversary of its liberation from fascism, and groups of Russians visited the Soviet war memorial in Treptower Park.

One, Alexander, who is originally from Russia but has lived in Germany for more than 20 years, said he believed Russian forces were "defending Donbas, Crimea, Kherson, and Odesa against fascists" - listing places in south-eastern Ukraine.

Alexander shows personal items decorated with portraits of Putin, he says he believes Russia is fighting fascism in Ukraine

"They belong to Russia! Russia is taking back what belongs to it," added Anna, another Russian living in Germany.

Alexander then showed me a cigarette holder and a tobacco box he had decorated by taping portraits of President Putin to them.

But the events that matter most to Russian speakers were held the following day, 9 May - marked in Russia as Victory Day.

They kicked off with the Russian ambassador laying flowers to the imposing statue of a Soviet soldier in Treptower Park. Again, the event mostly attracted supporters of the Kremlin's policies and rhetoric.

One of them, a young Russian called Yevgenia, told me that "the collective West, particularly America" were fanning the flames of neo-Nazism in Ukraine.

Yevgenia was sporting the St George's Ribbon - a Kremlin-backed symbol often used by Russian troops fighting in Ukraine. Like many at the rally, she and her friend held aloft a Soviet flag, as Russian flags were banned.

Yevgenia (right) wears a St George's Ribbon - a Kremlin-backed symbol used by Russian troops in the Ukraine war

But not everyone supported such views.

The monument to the grieving mother at the other end of Treptower Park was the meeting point for those who wanted to honour the victims of fascism without supporting Mr Putin's claims that he is fighting "fascists" in Ukraine.

And many of the people who gathered there were Russians. One of them, Kirill, told me he fled Russia last October to avoid being drafted into the army and being sent to fight in Ukraine.

"I do not want to become a murderer for Putin. I do not believe the lies I'm told by TV," he said.

"I was very afraid, but I attended anti-war rallies. I did all I could do," Kirill told me, standing alongside a poster about political prisoners in Russia.

Kirill, with a poster of political prisoners in Russia, says he left the country to avoid being drafted into the Russian army

Kirill fled Russia after being arrested, fined and beaten for attending anti-war rallies in St Petersburg.

Another young Russian in this corner of Treptower Park, an activist called Alexandra, thought President Putin had turned Victory Day into a propaganda tool. "It is an absolute sacrilege for us," she told me.

Her friend Ekaterina chimed in: "It is important for me to show that not everyone from Russia supports what is happening in Ukraine or what this day has turned into.

"The way it is marked now is a one big reason why this war started on 24 February last year."

At another important event held by Russians in Berlin on Victory Day, dozens gathered at the Brandenburg Gate for what is known as the march of the Immortal Regiment.

Even though such marches are encouraged by the Kremlin, the one held in Berlin seemed less overly political than the events in Treptower Park, with dozens of Russians solemnly carrying photographs of their ancestors who fought in World War Two.

A group of anti-war Russians demonstrated against Victory Day being turned into a propaganda tool - but their event was outnumbered by the rally sporting Kremlin-encouraged symbols such as St George's ribbons or Soviet flags.

Kristina attends a demonstration with a sign criticising the West's supply of weapons to Ukraine

But what do Germans think of all this?

I was able to find the whole spectrum of opinions among them. Many came to Treptower Park on 8-9 May to offer thanks for the Soviet army liberating Germany from fascism, and were less concerned with the present.

"What Putin is doing in Ukraine now doesn't change the fact that [Russia did liberate Germany]," one of them, Wolfgang, told me.

Another German demonstrator, Kristina, was against weapons deliveries to what she described as the "fascist regime" in Ukraine.

But a young man, Janek, said it was "shameful" that President Putin was using the defeat of Nazism as a foreign policy tool.

"They say they want to free Ukrainians from the Nazis there - but it's just not true, it's propaganda," he said.

A girl has died after a Land Rover crashed into a primary school in Wimbledon, south-west London, on Thursday morning.

The driver, a woman in her 40s, has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving.

Police say they are not treating the crash as terror-related.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Stephen Bear won Celebrity Big Brother in 2016 and also appeared on MTV's Ex on the Beach

Reality TV contestant Stephen Bear has been jailed for 21 months for sharing a private video of him having sex with his ex-partner.

Bear, 33, shared CCTV footage of himself and Love Island star Georgia Harrison, which was uploaded to OnlyFans.

He had caused her "extensive humiliation and embarrassment", the judge said.

Ms Harrison said she had been through "absolute hell" since 2020.

"Today's sentence is a vindication of what I've been put through and sends a clear message that the police and courts take this matter very seriously," she told reporters outside Chelmsford Crown Court.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Georgia Harrison, who has appeared on The Only Way is Essex and Love Island, spoke outside court

"I want to let all other victims of this crime know that I stand in solidarity with them and I have absolutely no regrets on waiving my anonymity.

"I hope this puts anyone off committing this sort of crime and I hope for anyone who has been a victim of it, it gives them some sort of justice."

Bear was found guilty of voyeurism and disclosing private, sexual photographs and films in December.

Ahead of his sentencing, he posed for a selfie outside the court building and began to sing Lady In Red to a reporter wearing a red coat.

As he was led down to the cells, he raised a hand to wave from the secure dock, and said: "Have a good evening. Enjoy the weekend everyone."

The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) said he had shown a "complete lack of remorse".

Georgia Harrison hugs a woman outside court after the sentencing of Stephen Bear

Bear was given a restraining order to not contact Ms Harrison, who has appeared on The Only Way Is Essex and Olivia Meets Her Match, for five years.

He was also ordered to sign the sex offenders register and will be subject to notification requirements for 10 years.

Jacqueline Carey KC, prosecuting, told an earlier trial that Ms Harrison and Bear had consensual sex at his home in Loughton, Essex, but Ms Harrison did not know they were being recorded.

Ms Harrison said that when Bear showed her the footage she told him "never to send" it to anyone and "made it plain how upset she would be if he did", the prosecutor said.

Stephen Bear, pictured arriving at an earlier hearing, posed for selfies outside of court ahead of sentencing

The victim said she saw Bear send the footage to someone on WhatsApp later that day, and later that year she was made aware it was circulating online.

Ms Carey said Bear uploaded the footage "either himself or had it uploaded to OnlyFans and profited financially".

Judge Christopher Morgan, sentencing, said the disgraced reality TV personality "wished to exploit the economic value of the recording", as Ms Harrison "would have been known and recognised by many people".

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Essex Police This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Following the hearing, Hannah von Dadelszen, deputy chief crown prosecutor for CPS East of England, said: "I want to commend Georgia Harrison for the bravery and determination she has shown throughout this case.

"By contrast, Stephen Bear showed a complete lack of remorse by never accepting responsibility for his abusive behaviour, even going so far as to place the blame on Ms Harrison.

"Although she lives a public life, Georgia Harrison has the right to privacy.

"But that was taken away by Bear to make money in the most egregious way."

Bear was arrested at Heathrow Airport in January 2021

Her thoughts were echoed by Det Con Brian Sitch of Essex Police, who praised Ms Harrison for her "immense bravery and patience".

"This young woman stood in a court room, in front of strangers and went over the most personal details of her private life," he added.

"She had to sit her family down and explain to them that this video had been leaked.

"This was all because Stephen Bear thought he could secretly film his former partner and thought he could get away with appalling crimes."

Find BBC News: East of England on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. If you have a story suggestion email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Oil and gas giant Shell has reported a stronger than expected profit of $9.6bn (£7.6bn) for the first three months of the year.

The figure was higher than the same period last year despite a slide in energy prices.

Fossil fuel firms have been reaping record profits due to a surge in oil and gas prices following Russia's invasion of Ukraine last year.

However, they have since fallen from the post-invasion peaks.

Shell chief executive Wael Sawan said the company had delivered "strong results and robust operational performance, against a backdrop of ongoing volatility".

The company also said it would be returning $4bn to shareholders, by buying back some its shares over the next three months.

Despite the fall in oil prices in recent months, Shell said its profits had been boosted by strong trading in its chemicals and refined products business.

Earlier this week, BP had also reported strong earnings for the first three months of the year - although they were lower than in the same period in 2022.

In February, Shell reported profits of $39.9bn for 2022, double the previous year's total and the highest in its 115-year history.

While the jump in oil and gas prices following the start of the war in Ukraine led to big profits for energy companies, it also fuelled a rise in energy bills for households and businesses.

Last year, the UK government introduced a windfall tax on profits made from extracting UK oil and gas - called the Energy Profits Levy (EPL) - to help fund its scheme to lower gas and electricity bills.

Under the government's Energy Price Guarantee, energy bills for a typical household have been limited to £2,500 a year, although this level of support is due to stop at the end of June.

However, the fall in oil and gas prices on the international markets has raised hopes that bills will fall below this level in July, making the price guarantee redundant.

Oil prices have dropped to around $80 a barrel from highs of nearly $128 following the invasion of Ukraine.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Eight BBC local radio presenters are to share a broadcasting award for interviews with former Prime Minister Liz Truss last year.

The hosts grilled the then prime minister days after her mini-budget sparked turmoil in the economy.

The Broadcasting Press Guild said their interviews were "were game-changing for Liz Truss and her doomed government" and will award them its jury prize.

It comes as BBC local radio stations in England face cuts to their programmes.

Ms Truss faced tough questioning during the round of local radio interviews in September.

The eight interviewers are:

Grant Tucker, who chairs the Broadcasting Press Guild, said: "As an organisation of journalists, the BPG is always among the first to see the value of great interviewing - and these BBC radio interviews were game-changing for Liz Truss and her doomed government.

"There is no doubt that the PM's feet were held to the fire in these eight radio sessions in a way that stood out among so much drama that was happening in British politics last summer."

The BBC's controller local audio commissioning, Chris Burns, said: "It really was an iconic moment in local radio and also for how we work digitally, as the interviews were then packaged up into the most popular Newscast episode of all time for BBC Sounds.

"Our presenters - as they always do - were speaking for the communities they serve, as well as the whole country when they asked those questions. That is the beauty of local audio.

"We are immensely proud of everything local BBC radio does and it's fantastic to see the work acknowledged with this award."

The BPG ceremony, in London later, comes a week after staff on the BBC's regional TV bulletins and local radio and online output in England staged a 24-hour strike over the corporation's plan for its 39 local radio stations in England to broadcast more merged shows in the afternoons, evenings and at weekends.

The National Union of Journalists (NUJ) has said it will "undermine already hollowed out local-radio content across England".

But the BBC has said its proposal will "modernise local services across England - including more news journalists and a stronger local online service - which will see no overall reduction in staffing levels or local funding".

The Vietnamese migrants travelled by ferry from Belgium to Purfleet, before the trailer was opened in Grays

A Romanian man has pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of 39 Vietnamese migrants who were found suffocated in a sealed lorry trailer.

The victims, including 10 teenagers, were discovered in Essex in 2019.

Marius Mihai Draghici also admitted one count of conspiracy to assist unlawful immigration at a hearing at the Old Bailey.

The 50-year-old was remanded in custody and Judge Richard Marks KC said he would be sentenced at a later date.

Draghici was detained in Romania last August following the execution of a European Arrest Warrant and was extradited to the UK.

The 39 people who died in the back of a trailer as it crossed the North Sea between Zeebrugge and the UK

The bodies of the 39 people were found in Grays on 23 October 2019, after the lorry had travelled by boat from Zeebrugge in Belgium to Purfleet on the Thames estuary.

An inquest heard their medical cause of death was asphyxia and hyperthermia, as temperatures rose in the back of the sealed lorry container and oxygen levels dropped.

Each of the lorry victims, and their families, had paid significant sums of money to an organised criminal group that promised a better life and safe passage to the UK.

Det Ch Insp Louise Metcalfe said it was "the most complex investigation ever undertaken by Essex Police".

"We have always maintained that the actions we believed Draghici was responsible for could never go unpunished. We now know they will not," she added.

Police said Draghici's role was to be involved in the onward transportation of the migrants once they arrived in the UK.

Four men have been previously jailed over the deaths.

Find BBC News: East of England on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. If you have a story suggestion email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

A selection of your pictures of Scotland sent in between 16 and 23 June.

Send your photos to scotlandpictures@bbc.co.uk. Please ensure you adhere to the BBC's rules regarding photographs that can be found here.

Please also ensure you take your pictures safely and responsibly.

Conditions of use: If you submit an image, you do so in accordance with the BBC's terms and conditions.

Elaine Wilson, of Lasswade, took this picture of the Dalkeith Arts Moos by artist M Bitici.

Sally Williams said of this shot: "Here’s a photo taken from our front door today, looking towards Kilmaluag. The rain finally arrives in style after weeks of sunny weather on the Isle of Skye."

Richard McKay, of Tornagrain, said heather provided the perfect foreground for her picture overlooking Loch Nevis in Knoydart.

Hazel Thomson, of Elgin, said of her picture: "A warm summer’s evening and a gorgeous sunset over Portmahomack harbour."

Allan Masson said he made an early ascent of Sgùrr nan Eag to avoid the heat of the day and to capture morning mist on the hills of Kintail.

Bob Smart, of Dunfermline, said his family had a great day out at Thirlistane Castle for a Borders Vintage Automobile Club meeting. Bob said the event's cycle stunt team was "awesome".

Morag Cordiner, of Peterhead, said: "I saw these sheep on the rocks at Fionnphort when I was waiting for the ferry to Iona. It's almost as if the big one is shouting 'Hurry up or we'll miss the ferry' to his pals lower down."

George Carson, who lives in Greenock, said of his picture: "While out on a cruise on an old school friend's boat I took a few photos of the Cloch Lighthouse at Gourock. It is lovely to see the Lighthouse from the Clyde."

Graham Paton's image was taken from South Queensferry. He said: "These long sunny evenings make for some great sunsets."

Graham Ferguson took a ramble across the long rickety bridge through Aberlady nature reserve on his way to locating the wrecks of World War Two XT midget submarines on Gullane sands.

"Anyone for chess by the pond in the grounds of Glenapp Castle?" asks Helen Baird, of Greenock.

Kenny Bray, from Bearsden, said he came across this beautiful display of lupins with Crathes Castle in the background while on a road trip of NTS properties in Aberdeenshire.

Laura Hynes, of Amsterdam, took this picture of a geological feature called a hexagonal basalt wheel at Mull's Ardmeanach Peninsula. Laura said: "My partner and I visited Mull and were hiking to the fossil tree just further along the peninsula."

Gavin Blainey, of Oban, sent in this shot. Gavin said: "This tree sits on the Ganavan Road, near Oban. It's fantastically striking during the right conditions."

Pat Christie captured this picture of Noctilucent clouds over North Berwick harbour at 02:00 in the morning. Pat said: "So beautiful."

Lorna Donaldson's photo of perfect reflections of Dumyat on Airthrey Loch, Stirling.

Derek McEwan took this shot. He said: "Looking into Sgarasta Mhòr Beach from Harris Golf Club on the Isle of Harris."

A picture from Michaela Cunningham, of Ayr, looking down Loch Leven.

Gillian Leary took this image while doing steps for a charity fundraising effort. She said: "I chose to go up Berwick Law as part of my challenge. It was made all the more easier when I caught sight of the ponies."

Johnny MacLeod's shot of Summer Solstice dawn at St Abbs Head Lighthouse. Johnny said the view was well worth a 02:00 alarm call and two-hour drive from Kennoway, Fife.

Alex Leddy came across this tree washed up on Blackdog beach, near Aberdeen. Alex said: "I think It looks like the skeleton of a whale or another large creature."

Calum Goodfellow, from Elgin, said of his picture: "A view of the Torridon Hills from the summit of Maol Chean-Dearg."

Graham Christie said of this shot: "The view over Arrochar Jetty and Loch Long looking north."

Gemma Brown, from Insch, took this picture on a camping trip to Beauly. She said the level of the River Farrar was really low.

Lauren McKinnon's picture of mist rising under the sunset from South Calder Water after the downpour that delayed Tuesday's Scotland vs Georgia game at Hampden.

Looking at Bridgend over the Perth Old Bridge in a picture taken by Brian Johnston while he walked along Tay Street.

Derek Bremner's picture of the Whaligoe Steps, south of Wick.

Ollie, a golden retriever from Inverkip, concludes the latest gallery. He was on his holidays in Skipness and was pictured by Lorraine Watters.

Please ensure that the photograph you send is your own and if you are submitting photographs of children, we must have written permission from a parent or guardian of every child featured (a grandparent, auntie or friend will not suffice).

In contributing to BBC News you agree to grant us a royalty-free, non-exclusive licence to publish and otherwise use the material in any way, including in any media worldwide.

However, you will still own the copyright to everything you contribute to BBC News.

At no time should you endanger yourself or others, take any unnecessary risks or infringe the law.

You can find more information here.

All photos are subject to copyright.

A sense of limbo. The prime minister deciding not to decide, yet, about the future of his deputy, Dominic Raab.

The judgement call is binary: keep him, or sack him.

The prime minister has seen the report from Adam Tolley KC. The deputy prime minister has too.

Rishi Sunak and Dominic Raab did not speak on Thursday.

Mr Raab has said for some time that he would resign if it was concluded he was a bully. But Mr Raab has not resigned.

It seems reasonable, therefore, to conclude the deputy prime minister does not think the evidence in the report amounts to bullying.

So the decision over his future is down to the prime minister.

The government had created an expectation Mr Sunak's verdict would be quick.

Those participants in this process had been told to expect its outcome on Thursday, but it didn't come.

Equally, we should add a bit of context: when Boris Johnson was prime minister, he waited several months to publish and offer his verdict on an inquiry into his Home Secretary, Priti Patel.

That inquiry, by his standards adviser Sir Alex Allan, concluded Ms Patel had broken the Ministerial Code, but Mr Johnson ignored it.

Talking to us on BBC Newscast, Sir Alex said of Rishi Sunak's quandary now: "You can understand, if it's a huge report, the prime minister may want time to consider it. But as far as I can see it probably cannot be completely clear cut. Otherwise he would have come out with a decision one way or the other."

But the waiting is having consequences.

Mr Raab knows the names of those in his department, the Ministry of Justice, who were complainants.

Those complainants fear he might keep his job.

"The prime minister's prevarication makes it feel more likely that the whole thing, the last five months of agony for Raab's subordinates, will end in a whitewash," somebody who advised Mr Raab in a senior role in one department told the BBC.

Are resignations possible from the civil service if Mr Raab keeps his job?

"I think so," Dave Penman of the civil servants' union the FDA said.

But let's not get ahead of ourselves.

Very few people have seen Adam Tolley's report, and next to nothing has leaked from it.

We should reserve judgement until we see it.

Mr Sunak faces turbulence whatever he decides to do.

Sack the man who loyally campaigned for him to become prime minister and create a big vacancy at the top of government and a big question about whether he should have appointed him in the first place.

Keep him and face potential mutiny inside the Ministry of Justice and the prospect of alleged victims of Mr Raab's behaviour resigning, demanding a move and maybe talking publicly.

"Either outcome gives him a management problem," one senior Conservative MP reflected to me.

A friend of Mr Raab told me the deputy prime minister has long been "moderately optimistic" the report might be less than clear cut.

Mr Raab is facing a moment of jeopardy over his job.

Rishi Sunak is facing a moment of jeopardy over his judgement.

Police in Australia have revealed details of an undercover operation that stopped nearly $700m worth of cocaine (around 1bn AUD, £570m) linked to a Mexican drug cartel from reaching the country.

It is reported to be the biggest drug bust in Australia's history.

Operation Beech began in November when narcotics officers seized 2.4 tonnes of the drug off the coast of South America.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Russian President Vladimir Putin has paid a surprise visit to Mariupol, a Ukrainian port captured by Russia after its forces pounded much of it to ruins.

An official video shows Mr Putin driving a car through streets at night and speaking to people. The Kremlin says it happened late on Saturday.

It is believed to be his first trip to a newly-occupied Ukrainian territory.

Mariupol's exiled mayor told BBC News that Mr Putin was a "criminal" who had "returned to the scene of the crime".

"He has come in person to see what he has done," Vadym Boychenko said. "He's come to see what he will be punished for."

Other exiled Ukrainian city officials said Mr Putin had visited at night so he would not see the destroyed city in daylight.

Tass news agency says he travelled to Mariupol by helicopter. In the video he is in the car with Russia's Deputy Prime Minister Marat Khusnullin, who explains how the city is being rebuilt.

The Kremlin has said the decision to drive round the city was made spontaneously by the Russian leader.

Putin also visits the city's Philharmonic Hall, which had been due to be used for trials of captured Ukrainian forces before they were released in a prisoner swap instead.

The Russian leader is also reported to have met top military commanders in Rostov-on-Don, a Russian city just east of Mariupol.

Mariupol has been under Russian occupation for more than 10 months after being devastated in one of the longest and bloodiest battles of the conflict. Ukraine says more than 20,000 people were killed there.

UN analysis estimates that 90% of the buildings were damaged and around 350,000 people were forced to leave, out of a pre-war population of about 500,000.

Mr Putin was filmed looking at maps near residential buildings

A group of locals have told the BBC that Russia is conducting an expensive campaign to rebuild the city and win over the hearts and minds of its people. The purpose is to assimilate Mariupol and make it Russia's own. Russian authorities say 300,000 people are now living there.

The fighting saw Russia strike a Mariupol theatre where hundreds of civilians were sheltering. The building collapsed, and at least 300 are believed to have died there.

Ukraine and human rights groups say the attack amounted to a war crime.

It is among incidents for which Mr Putin and his regime could be held legally responsible, the United Nations has said.

The International Criminal Court said on Friday it had issued a warrant for the arrest of Mr Putin over involving the illegal deportation of Ukrainian children to Russia. It means he could now be arrested if he sets foot in any of the court's 123 member states.

On Saturday Mr Putin made an unannounced visit to Crimea, to mark the ninth anniversary of Russia's annexation of the territory from Ukraine.

He visited a new Russian arts school, a children's summer camp and future cultural projects, such as the New Russia museum and museum of Christianity, Russian state media reported.

The Kyiv authorities have vowed to liberate all Russian-occupied territories, including Crimea, which was annexed by Russia in 2014.

Last updated on .From the section Football

Wrexham beat 10-man Manchester United 3-1 but the newly promoted League Two club's victory was overshadowed by an injury to talisman Paul Mullin.

Mullin, 28, suffered a punctured lung in a collision with goalkeeper Nathan Bishop, part of a United side mostly comprised of Under-21 players.

Boss Phil Parkinson subsequently warned Bishop to "steer clear" of Wrexham following the "reckless" challenge.

Spanish 19-year-old Marc Jurado scored in first-half injury time for United, who had Dan Gore, 18, sent-off shortly after the restart.

Ryan Reynolds was unable to attend but Wrexham co-owner Rob McElhenney was present to see his side earned a memorable win in front of a sold-out 34,248 crowd at Snapdragon Stadium in California.

United boss Erik ten Hag, whose senior players have travelled on to Texas before tomorrow's match against Real Madrid, watched his youthful side's performance from the bench.

The Premier League club's starting line-up also featured the experienced Jonny Evans, who has returned on a short-term deal after leaving Leicester City at the end of last season.

Bishop apologises but is warned to 'steer clear' of Wrexham

Mullin scored 46 goals in all competitions as Wrexham ended a 15-year absence from the football league last season.

But the striker will now miss the start of the campaign following his collision with 23-year-old Bishop, who received a yellow card for the foul.

Mullin required lengthy treatment before walking off the field with an oxygen mask around his neck early in the first half.

Manager Parkinson expressed his anger after the match: "It is a real blow for us, you can't hide away from that. I thought it was a clumsy challenge from the goalkeeper and it should have been a straight red."

He added: "It was a dangerous challenge and Mulls is our talisman. I'm fuming with it, I have to be honest about that. It was a clumsy, reckless challenge in a pre-season game.

"I haven't seen the goalie and he's probably best steering clear of us for the time being because we're not very happy."

Bishop sent an apology to Mullin on Twitter: "Just wanted to share my sincerest apologies to Paul Mullin. A complete misjudgement and a genuine accident with no malicious intent at all!

"Wishing you the speediest recovery and hope to see you back scoring goals as soon as possible!"

Lee opened the scoring after 29 minutes and Hayden headed in a second seven minutes later - but Jurado's side-footed finish halved the deficit.

United's Gore was dismissed after receiving a straight red for a tackle on Andy Cannon early in the second half, before Dalby headed in Wrexham's third from close range.
• None Our coverage of your Premier League club is bigger and better than ever before - follow your team and sign up for notifications in the BBC Sport app to make sure you never miss a moment

Stormont has been without a functioning executive or assembly since last February

Stormont parties have said they will need at least £1bn of extra funding to manage budget pressures in a future executive.

They were speaking after meeting the head of the civil service to discuss the ongoing governance gap.

There is no functioning executive or assembly because of the DUP's protest against post-Brexit trade arrangements.

The party needs to "get off the fence" and return to government immediately, Sinn Féin's vice-president has said.

Michelle O'Neill was among party leaders who met Jayne Brady to discuss Northern Ireland's budget crisis and lack of government.

Her party is now the largest party in local government and the assembly having made gains in last week's council elections.

That result showed voters wanted power sharing to resume, said Ms O'Neill, saying suggestion that the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) might return to power-sharing this autumn was "not an acceptable timeframe".

In an earlier letter to the largest parties, Northern Ireland Civil Service boss Jayne Brady said Northern Ireland's budgetary pressures had been compounded by a "governance gap".

Sinn Féin's Michelle O'Neill was joined by party colleague and former Finance Minister Conor Murphy at Stormont Castle

DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson described Thursday's meeting as productive, adding he was committed to working with other parties in asking for extra finances from Westminster.

"Our current funding formula for Northern Ireland doesn't work, what we need is a needs-based approach to our budget," he said.

Sir Jeffrey Donaldson said Northern Ireland's funding model needed to be reformed

Stephen Farry from Stormont's third-largest party, the cross-community Alliance party, agreed it was a constructive meeting with parties committing themselves to work towards the restoration of Stormont.

He said a key aspect of that had to be requesting an extra £1bn from the Westminster government to "stem the bleeding" and stabilise public finances.

It's worth bearing in mind that the £1bn figure now being openly floated is a rough ballpark.

The parties haven't yet actually agreed on any final ask.

But Stormont sources say it reflects the scale of what is necessary to cover the £800m shortfall this year, plus outstanding pay deals for public sector workers, not to mention the t-word - transformation of services which already seems to be on the long finger.

Ultimately it will be up to the Treasury to agree to a collective ask put forward by the parties.

And we are told there are likely to be hefty strings attached.

Ulster Unionist Party leader Doug Beattie said it was a sombre meeting because of the predicament of Northern Ireland's governance and fiscal position, but he welcomed the "workman-like" attitude from all parties.

Stormont officials believe they will need to find £800m in cuts and revenue-raising measures in the wake of last month's budget announcement which was set by Northern Ireland Secretary Chris Heaton-Harris.

The task fell to Mr Heaton-Harris in the absence of a functioning Northern Ireland Executive.

Mr Heaton-Harris, who has denied setting a "punishment budget", has warned that government departments face difficult decisions "in order to live within the funding available".

The NI secretary said he was in close contact with parties about doing everything possible to lead to the restoration of the executive.

However, speaking after meeting with him on Wednesday, Michelle O'Neill said she didn't believe there was any urgency on his part.

Mr Heaton-Harris has refused to be drawn on a claim a restored Northern Ireland Executive needs an extra £1.1bn.

However, he said he was "very pleased to hear the parties are talking about the future".

He also said Ms O'Neill was "completely wrong" to claim he was showing no urgency to get devolved government restored.

On Thursday, Mr Heaton-Harris State met with the joint secretaries of the health trade unions to discuss the Northern Ireland budget for this financial year and the impact on the health service.

Chris Heaton-Harris has been accused of having "no urgency" on restoring Stormont

The Northern Ireland Office (NIO) said he also offered clarity on the pay offer that was made to health workers in England and Wales earlier this month.

"Ultimately this is a matter for the trade unions and the Department of Health in Northern Ireland," a NIO spokesperson said.

"The Secretary of State has no authority to negotiate pay in Northern Ireland.

"Stable and accountable local government is the best way of delivering on the issues that matter most to the people of Northern Ireland, such as the health service.

"That is why the government's focus remains on restoring the Executive."

On Thursday, it was announced that a shortage of consultants at Daisy Hill Hospital in Newry means delivering inpatient care in general medicine is no longer sustainable.

The Southern Health Trust said it was working with other trusts in Northern Ireland and the Department of Health "to help us through this situation".

In her letter to Sinn Féin, the DUP, the Alliance Party and the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) Ms Brady wrote that only elected ministers can take "major policy decisions", some of which are required for departments to make savings in the budget for 2023-24.

Civil service boss Jayne Brady says Stormont's spending trajectory currently exceeds the budget

Her letter warned that "leaves the accounting officer in the invidious position of having no lawful means to ensure full compliance with the duty to remain within budget limits".

"As a result, the spending trajectory currently exceeds the budget, and this will remain the case until and unless ministerial decision-making is restored," it added.

Ms Brady went on to emphasise that even if an executive was formed and accompanied by an additional financial package from Westminster, it was still "highly likely" that the budgetary position will remain very challenging.

"An incoming executive would be faced with a series of choices, made all the more challenging because they would fall to be taken part way through the financial year," she added.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Mary Lou McDonald (left) says many voters are frustrated that Michelle O'Neill has been blocked from becoming first minister

Following the council election Michelle O'Neill said the onus was on the British and Irish governments to focus efforts on the immediate restoration of the assembly.

Party leader Mary Lou McDonald said the election result was a "monumental endorsement" for Sinn Féin and the party now had a "huge mandate".

You can listen to the BBC's 5 Questions On, where Ireland Correspondent Chris Page explains the significance of the 2023 council election.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Police in major US cities are preparing for potential unrest in case ex-President Donald Trump is arrested this week as part of a hush-money inquiry.

Authorities in New York, Washington DC and Los Angeles have ramped up their law enforcement presence.

A Manhattan prosecutor may charge Mr Trump over how he declared a payment to a porn star to keep quiet about an alleged affair.

It would be the first criminal case brought against a former US president.

Steel barricades were erected on Monday outside the prosecutor's office and the Manhattan Criminal Court, where Mr Trump could be charged, fingerprinted and photographed if charges are filed this week, as US media widely anticipate.

Increased police presence and barricades have also been seen outside Manhattan's Trump Tower.

Every member of the New York Police Department (NYPD), including plainclothes detectives, has been ordered to wear their full uniform on Tuesday and is being placed on standby to mobilise.

As of Tuesday morning, however, dozens of camera crews and reporters had taken over city sidewalks in the vicinity of the courthouse, outnumbering by far the handful of demonstrators who had shown up to voice their opinions on the potential indictment.

The NYPD and the FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force have been in touch with the US Secret Service, whose job it is to protect presidents and former presidents, about how a potential arrest might take place.

The Secret Service agents assigned to protect Mr Trump are expected to stay with him in the event of an arrest.

US media reports there will be no "perp walk" - when an arrested suspect is walked through a public place by officers, typically an opportunity for media to take photos and videos.

More police units were visible at Washington DC's Capitol Hill on Monday

The US Capitol Police, who protect lawmakers on Capitol Hill in Washington DC, has deployed bike rack fencing around the perimeter of the Capitol complex and will beef up staffing.

The Capitol Police plan to issue an emergency declaration on Tuesday, a congressional source told CBS. The order aims to increase co-ordination with other law enforcement agencies.

More civil disturbance officers will also be on standby, though the congressional source said there was no specific threat and that the order was proactive.

In Los Angeles, the LAPD and federal officials were preparing for a pro-Trump protest on Tuesday outside a federal building, the LA Times newspaper reports.

Police erect barricades outside the Manhattan court on Monday

US intelligence officials have detected an uptick in online threats against legal and government officials since Mr Trump wrote online on Saturday that he expected to be arrested on Tuesday.

Most of the threats were against Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg, the man widely expected to file charges against Mr Trump.

On Saturday, the same day Mr Trump posted that his supporters should protest, Mr Bragg sent an email to staff.

"We do not tolerate attempts to intimidate our office or threaten the rule of law in New York," the prosecutor wrote.

Mr Bragg's case centres on a $130,000 payment from Mr Trump's former lawyer, Michael Cohen, to porn star Stormy Daniels weeks before the 2016 presidential election to keep her quiet about an alleged affair with Mr Trump years earlier.

His office is evaluating how the former president reimbursed Cohen. The record for the payment describes it as "legal fees" and prosecutors could argue this amounts to Mr Trump falsifying business records.

That is a misdemeanour in New York, typically resolved with a fine. But legal analysts say it could be upgraded to a more serious felony charge, which carries prison time, if prosecutors argue the lie was used in order to violate campaign laws.

The former president denies any wrongdoing and says he never had an affair with Ms Daniels.

A grand jury was convened in January to determine whether there is enough evidence to indict Mr Trump.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

On Monday, the grand jury heard from a Trump ally named Robert Costello who was called by the Trump team to undermine the prosecution's star witness, Cohen.

Mr Costello told reporters after emerging from two hours of testimony: "I told the grand jury that this guy [Cohen] couldn't tell the truth if you put a gun to his head."

He claimed Cohen, whom he used to work with, had once told him that Mr Trump was not aware of the payment to Ms Daniels.

After Mr Costello's testimony on Monday, Cohen hit back, saying that Mr Costello "lacks any sense of veracity".

Cohen was jailed in 2018 for multiple offences including violating campaign finance laws by not declaring the payment to Ms Daniels. Mr Trump has said he only learned of the payment much later.

In a post on his Truth Social platform on Tuesday, Mr Trump said: "In the history of our Country there cannot have been a more damaged or less credible witness at trial than fully disbarred lawyer and felon, Michael Cohen."

The jury is expected to hear from at least one more witness on Wednesday before any charges are filed.

Mr Trump has vowed to continue his campaign for the 2024 presidential nomination even if he is indicted.

But 44% of Republicans said he should drop out of the presidential race if charged, a Reuters/Ipsos poll found on Monday.

Trump supporters have held protests outside his New York and Florida homes

The "Barry Award" had been named in honour of Barry Humphries

One of the world's top comedy festivals will no longer use comedian Barry Humphries' name for its chief prize, after he was accused of transphobia.

The Melbourne International Comedy Festival said its prestigious Barry Award for best show would be renamed.

Humphries, best known for his character Dame Edna Everage, has repeatedly drawn anger for his comments on transgender people - and later defended himself.

His remarks had "definitely played a part" in the change, the festival said.

Humphries, 85, has not responded to the festival's decision.

Last year, he drew criticism for describing being transgender as "a fashion".

In another controversy, he claimed to have been speaking in character when he referred to gender-reassignment surgery as "self-mutilation" in a 2016 interview with The Telegraph. He also described Caitlyn Jenner as a "publicity-seeking rat-bag".

He has previously said his comments were misinterpreted, but they have been criticised by other high-profile comedians - including former Barry Award winner Hannah Gadsby.

Barry Humphries claimed he was in character as Dame Edna in a 2016 interview

Humphries co-founded the Melbourne International Comedy Festival in 1987, and it is now one of the world's premier comedy events. Its top prize has been named in his honour since 2000.

On Tuesday, festival director Susan Provan said in a statement: "It is time for the award for most outstanding show to be in our name to celebrate the city that inspired the growth of our festival and its outstanding artists."

She told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation that Humphries' recent comments were "not helpful" and had helped instigate the decision.

Gadsby criticised Humphries when she accepted the award in 2017 for her show Nanette, now a worldwide success on Netflix.

"I don't agree with a lot of the things Barry Humphries has said recently," she said at the time.

"It is not something I will walk past. With full respect, I would like to accept this award just for me."

Previous winners of the award include Ross Noble, The Mighty Boosh, Demetri Martin and Nina Conti.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Criminal charges have been dropped against Alec Baldwin over a fatal on-set shooting in October 2021.

The Emmy-award winning actor was charged with two counts of involuntary manslaughter over the incident during the filming of Rust in New Mexico.

Cinematographer Halyna Hutchins was killed by a live bullet fired from a prop gun that was being used by Baldwin.

The development comes less than two weeks before a trial was set to begin.

A statement released by New Mexico special prosecutors Kari Morrissey and Jason Lewis said that "over the last few days... new facts were revealed" in the case, requiring further investigation.

"This decision does not absolve Mr Baldwin of criminal culpability and charges may be refiled," the statement continued, adding: "Our follow-up investigation will remain active and ongoing."

A lawyer for Mr Baldwin praised the move by prosecutors.

"We are pleased with the decision to dismiss the case against Alec Baldwin and we encourage a proper investigation into the facts and circumstances of this tragic accident," his lawyer, Luke Nikas, told the BBC in a statement.

Mr Baldwin had been practising firing the gun on set at a ranch near Santa Fe when it went off, fatally striking 42-year-old Ukrainian-born Hutchins and wounding director Joel Souza.

The actor denied pulling the trigger, although an FBI report later concluded that the gun could not have been fired without the trigger being pulled.

He had been due in court for a preliminary hearing on 3 May.

The film's armourer, Hannah Gutierrez-Reed, is also facing two counts of involuntary manslaughter. The statement from the special prosecutors says the charges against her remain unchanged.

A lawyer for Ms Gutierrez-Reed told BBC News that they "fully expect at the end of this process that Hannah will also be exonerated".

According to the LA Times, prosecutors had recently learned that the gun used in the shooting, a .45 Colt revolver, had been modified with a new trigger in a way that could have made a misfire more likely.

Thursday's statement by prosecutors made no mention of the gun, but said that the newly revealed facts "demand further investigation and forensic analysis".

Prosecutors had accused Mr Baldwin, 65, of showing a "reckless" disregard for the safety of his colleagues.

Mr Nikas, a lawyer for the star of The Hunt for Red October, previously called the initial decision to charge his client "a terrible miscarriage of justice".

"Mr Baldwin had no reason to believe there was a live bullet in the gun - or anywhere on the movie set," Mr Nikas said.

"He relied on the professionals with whom he worked, who assured him the gun did not have live rounds."

In an Instagram post after the announcement was made, the 30 Rock actor thanked his lawyer and his wife, Hilaria Baldwin.

"I owe everything I have to this woman. (and to you, Luke)," he posted.

In order to have been found guilty prosecutors would have had to convince a jury that he had acted with "criminal negligence".

If convicted, he could have faced up to 18 months in prison.

The Santa Fe district attorney had initially added a firearm enhancement charge, which could have added five years to his sentence.

But it was dropped after prosecutors determined that the enhancement law was not in place at the time of the shooting.

The decision to drop the charges comes on the same day that Rust resumed filming - 18 months after the shooting.

Melina Spadone, a lawyer for Rust Movie Productions, said new rules on the set "will bar any use of working weapons and any form of ammunition".

"Live ammunition is - and always was - prohibited on set."

According to Variety magazine, Mr Baldwin is currently filming Rust on location in Montana.

Hutchins' widower, Matthew, will be an executive producer. Baldwin last October reached a settlement in a wrongful death lawsuit brought by her family.

Rust Movie productions, which Baldwin is part of, said in February the scene that was being rehearsed when Hutchins was shot has now been rewritten.

The stark, emotional video for Nothing Compares 2 U was an MTV staple in 1990

In 1990, Sinéad O'Connor scored a worldwide hit with Nothing Compares 2 U, a song of unspeakable loss and heartbreak.

It was the defining moment of her career - one that thrust her unwillingly into the mainstream.

But the story of the video, and how she came to record it, is full of surprising twists and turns.

After her death at the age of 56, here's a closer look at how she recorded her most famous song.

It's 15 July, 1984 and Prince has just flown back from Dallas, where he watched the Jacksons' Victory tour. As soon as he steps off the plane, he heads to the recording studio.

There, with only his engineer Susan Rogers in attendance, he writes and records the initial version of Nothing Compares 2 U in a matter of hours.

"I was amazed at how beautiful it was," Rogers told Duane Tudahl, in his book Prince & The Purple Rain studio sessions.

"He took his notebook and he went off to the bedroom, wrote the lyrics very quickly, came back out and sang it. I was very impressed with it."

Rogers theorised that the song was written about Prince's housekeeper, Sandy Scipioni, who had been forced to quit when her father died unexpectedly of a heart attack.

"Sandy was the person who made sure he had his favourite beverage, which was Five Alive, and she made sure the house was clean, and that there were fresh flowers on the piano, and that the socks and underwear were washed," Rogers told BBC 6 Music in 2018.

"She had been gone and Prince's mood was getting darker and darker. He would just ask, 'When is Sandy coming back?' That might have been the inspiration for the song."

Prince's friend, Jerome Benton, had a different story - saying Prince wrote the song for him after he split up with his fiancée.

Either way, the musician felt the song didn't suit his public image at the time. He decided to give it away to The Family, a band he'd formed around his then-girlfriend Susannah Melvoin, and the singer Paul Peterson.

Prince removed his vocals, added some orchestral overdubs and handed the song over. It was released on The Family's sole album in 1985, which promptly tanked, and the group split up.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Prince's engineer Susan Rogers and The Family's St Paul Peterson speak to BBC 6 Music

Nothing Compares 2 U was never released as a single, and seemed destined for obscurity until Sinéad O'Connor's manager, Fachtna O'Ceallaigh, remembered it and suggested she cover it for her second album, I Do Not Want What I Haven't Got.

Other accounts suggest she was introduced to the song by Steve Fargnoli, who had looked after Prince in the Purple Rain era, and took over as O'Connor's manager around the time of the recording.

Either way, O'Connor immediately connected with the track. She and O'Ceallaigh were a couple, but their relationship was on the rocks. Prince's lovelorn lyrics matched her own state of mind. If he was gone, she could do whatever she wanted, she could see whomever she chose - but nothing would compare to him.

"They were in the process of breaking up when we recorded Nothing Compares 2 U," said Chris Birkett, who co-produced and engineered the song, in an interview with Sound On Sound.

"That's probably why she did such a good vocal. She came into the studio, did it in one take, double-tracked it straight away and it was perfect because she was totally into the song. It mirrored her situation."

At this point, it's a good idea to go and listen to The Family's original recording or Prince's demo, which was released in 2018. The song is there, but it's all dressed up in Paisley finery. Every line ends with a baroque piano figure, the bridge is drowning in syrupy strings, there's even a saxophone solo.

Whatever emotion Prince was channelling, he did his best to hide it. O'Connor did the opposite.

Working with Japanese jazz virtuoso Gota Yashiki and Soul II Soul producer Nellee Hooper, she put a line through all the ornate R&B flourishes and pared the song back its bare essentials.

The arrangement is simple - a drum loop, some gauzy strings and a haunting choir of backing vocals. They're pushed and pulled by the tidal wave of her voice, like sand on a beach, as she wrestles with various stages of devastation.

She starts quietly, almost cowering as she sings: "It's been seven hours and 15 days since you took your love away." Then she's defiant: "Since you been gone, I can do whatever I want" but her bravado collapses into anguish once she realises that "nothing will take away these blues".

By the chorus, she's face to face with grief. Her voice strives for power, but it cracks again. Then, In a change to Prince's melody, she shifts the pitch of the final "to you" to a despondent monotone, the dissonance illustrating her pain.

It's one of the all-time great vocal performances.

O'Connor's other hits include Mandinka, I Am Stretched On Your Grave and Thank You For Hearing Me

In O'Connor's hands, Nothing Compares 2 U was always going to be a hit, but the video made it a phenomenon.

Director John Maybury shot several hours of footage of the singer walking through a washed-out Paris. You can see glimpses of it in the finished promo - O'Connor dressed in black, reflected in the Seine, walking through the stunning Parc de Saint-Cloud.

But once she'd performed the song to the camera, Maybury knew her close-up had to be the focus.

From the beginning, O'Connor stares straight at us, her pale green eyes peering out of the screen, searching for connection. But as she sings, she breaks eye contact, glancing down, as though she's unable to keep her emotions in check.

At the end, famously, two tears roll down her cheeks.

Those tears were genuine, and they represented a loss Prince could never have imagined when he wrote Nothing Compares 2 U in the middle of his Purple Rain hot streak.

O'Connor's mother had died in a car crash in 1986, when the singer was still a teenager. They had not had an easy relationship. O'Connor later accused her of being mentally and physically abusive. But when she sang Prince's final verse, all that grief came flooding back.

"All the flowers that you planted, mama, in the back yard / All died when you went away/ I know that living with you, baby, was sometimes hard / But I'm willing to give it another try."

That's the moment that prompted those tears.

"I didn't know I was going to cry when I sang in the video because I didn't cry in the studio recording it," she later recalled.

"[But] every time I sing that song I think of my mother. I never stop crying for my mother. I couldn't face being in Ireland for 13 years because of it."

This YouTube post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on YouTube The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. YouTube content may contain adverts. Skip youtube video by SineadOConnorVEVO This article contains content provided by Google YouTube. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Google’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. YouTube content may contain adverts.

Prince reportedly didn't like O'Connor's version - maybe because it outsold all of his own songs in the UK and the US.

When O'Connor finally met him, the animosity seemed real. In her 2021 memoir, she said he told her off for swearing in interviews, then challenged her to a pillow fight, only to bash her with something hard he'd slipped into his pillowcase.

Despite that, she still held Nothing Compares 2U in great reverence,

"It's really about emotions, it's not about notes," she told BBC 6 Music in 2016.

"I think I'm probably similar to millions of people who loved the song, and we're all people who associated the song with a loss of some kind."

The High Court ruled that some lawsuits had been submitted too late to proceed

Hugh Grant is set to take the Sun newspaper on in court over claims it used illegal methods to gather stories about him.

The actor believes private investigators working for the Sun tapped his phone, bugged his house and car, and burgled his home.

The Sun's publisher News Group Newspapers (NGN) unsuccessfully argued his action should be blocked because he waited too long to launch it.

NGN denies the claims against it.

A judge was asked to rule on whether Mr Grant's lawsuit should be allowed to proceed because it dates back further than six years, the cut-off point for legal action of this kind in civil courts.

This time limitation has become a major legal battleground in cases against newspapers, because allegations of wrongdoing often go back 30 years.

Publishers attempt to argue that cases should not go to trial because alleged victims of unlawful newsgathering delayed their legal action.

But Mr Grant argued he should be allowed to bring the case now because material he and his lawyers will rely on only came to light in recent years.

Some of the evidence against the newspaper was contained in a 2021 witness statement made by private investigator Gavin Burrows.

It was only when NGN disclosed invoices for their payments to Mr Burrows around the same time that Mr Grant had access to potential evidence which could help him win his case in court.

In his judgement, Mr Justice Fancourt acknowledged that the 62-year-old actor and privacy campaigner had long believed that private investigators had been paid to look into his affairs.

The judge said there was a realistic chance Mr Grant would establish at trial that, before seeing the 2021 evidence, "he could not reasonably have believed with sufficient confidence that he may have been targeted by [private investigators] instructed by the Sun".

This judgment does not mean the issue of whether Mr Grant's claim is too late has been decided, but it will now be considered at the trial next year.

In a statement released through his lawyer, Mr Grant said: "I am pleased that my case will be allowed to go to trial, which is what I have always wanted - because it is necessary that the truth comes out about the activities of the Sun.

"As my case makes clear, the allegations go far wider and deeper than voicemail interception."

Mr Grant's statement in the case claims that for years newspaper published News UK lied about its involvement in phone hacking and illegal information gathering.

He said the company had a "vast, long-lasting and deliberate policy strategy plan of false denials and other concealment in relation to the Sun, to prevent me, and others in a similar position, from bringing claims against them".

This included, he said, false denials to the Leveson Inquiry into Press Standards, a press complaints body, and in public statements.

While the actor was successful in securing his day in court on part of his claim, the court refused Mr Grant permission to sue NGN for allegedly hacking his phone voicemails, as the judge ruled he could have brought a case much earlier.

NGN said it was "pleased that, following our application, the High Court has ruled that Mr Grant is statute-barred from bringing a phone hacking claim against The Sun."

"NGN strongly denies the various historical allegations of unlawful information gathering contained in what remains of Mr Grant's claim."

A similar legal argument centred on the claims of the Duke of Sussex is due to be heard by the High Court in July.

Taylor Swift will be performing in Cardiff next June

Tickets for Taylor Swift's 2024 Cardiff gig are already being listed for £3,352 on resale websites.

Labour MP Kevin Brennan expressed his shock in the Parliament, saying his daughter was a "Swiftie".

He asked Commons leader Penny Mordaunt why the UK government "hasn't done more to protect our daughters from this sort of rip-off merchants".

Ms Mordaunt encouraged him to "raise that matter with the Secretary of State" before the summer recess.

The US superstar will perform at the Principality Stadium on 18 June 2024 as part of her Eras Tour.

The MP may avoid a cruel summer as Ms Mordaunt told him there was one further Department for Culture, Media and Sport questions before the recess.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Kevin Brennan MP This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

During business questions, he asked for a debate on the practice, saying more should be done to protect young people.

The MP for Cardiff West said: "Could we have a debate on secondary ticketing because, as a father of a Swiftie, and I know the deputy shadow leader is also a mother of a Swiftie, I was appalled to see that within an hour of tickets going on sale for the Taylor Swift concert at the Principality Stadium in Cardiff, a ticket was on sale in the lower tier for £3,352 on Viagogo.

"Why hasn't the government done more to protect our daughters from this sort of rip-off merchants?"

Swedish climate activist Greta Thunberg has been arrested by Dutch police at a protest in The Hague.

The 21-year-old joined hundreds of protesters in a march against fossil fuel subsidies on Saturday.

The protest devolved into a standoff as dozens of police officers, some on horseback, attempted to stop protesters from blocking a main road.

Local police put Ms Thunberg on a bus full of demonstrators and she was driven away from the scene.

Protesters had planned to block The Hague's A12 highway for what Extinction Rebellion (XR) organisers say was the 37th time. The road has been subject to regular blockades since 2022.

The demonstration was called to denounce the Dutch government's tax concessions for companies connected to the fossil fuel industry, including the energy firm, Shell, and the airline, KLM.

Activists hoped to pile pressure on the government ahead of a planned debate about fossil fuel subsidies in June.

Extinction Rebellion organisers say this is the 37th time they have protested on the A12 highway

Flanked by fellow activists, Ms Thunberg marched towards the designated protest spot behind a banner with the words, STOP FOSSIL SUBSIDIES.

The world's most recognizable climate activist tried to blend in with the crowd, but her star-power meant this demonstration attracted more attention than previous XR blockades of the A12 highway.

A brass band played and the protesters sang traditional Dutch songs given a modern climate-conscious twist.

Some newspapers had claimed local residents were annoyed the climate protest was taking place on the hottest day of the year so far, potentially making it harder for people to reach the beach in The Hague.

A group of activists then marched from the city centre to a field next to the highway, where a wall of local police officers was waiting for them.

A few demonstrators broke through police lines but were quickly picked up and handcuffed.

"It's important to demonstrate today because we are living in a state of planetary emergency," Ms Thunberg told AFP news agency.

"We must do everything to avoid that crisis and to save human lives."

Asked whether she was concerned about police action, she said: "Why should I be?"

Ms Thunberg was among a small group of climate activists who broke away and managed to reach the road. More than a hundred of them were placed in police-commandeered minibuses.

The Swedish activist described her arrest as 'peaceful'. She sat at the back and chatted before being driven away.

At previous protests in The Hague, police have driven detainees away from a protest's epicentre and released them without further consequences.

Those, including Ms Thunberg, who managed to separate from the colourful crowd and sit down cross-legged on the A12 highway, were first asked by police if they wanted to cooperate by boarding the buses. Those who refused were hoisted up by arms and rucksacks and deposited in the vehicles.

Greta Thunberg was loaded into a bus and driven away from the protest, along with fellow detainees

Later on Saturday, reports emerged that Ms Thunberg had returned to the protest and been arrested for a second time.

Police told the BBC some people who were arrested and released were then arrested again. They did not confirm if Ms Thunberg was among them.

As of about 14:00 local time (12:00 GMT), traffic was still flowing on the A12, according to the Netherlands' Algemeen Dagblad newspaper.

The Hague's local police told the BBC: "While we can't comment on individual cases, we can confirm that all of the people who were picked up by police and put on to minibuses were officially arrested, because they were blocking the highway and that is against the law."

Ms Thunberg has been a leading climate campaigner since she was 15 years old.

In February, she and four co-defendants were found not guilty of breaking the law when they refused to follow police instructions during a climate demonstration in London.

Timothy Schofield has been found guilty of 11 sexual offences involving a child

The brother of television presenter Phillip Schofield has been found guilty of sexually abusing a boy.

Timothy Schofield, 54, from Bath denied 11 sexual offences involving a child between October 2016 and October 2019.

Schofield, who was a civilian worker for Avon and Somerset Police at the time of the offences, was found guilty of all charges.

Phillip Schofield said after the verdict: "As far as I am concerned, I no longer have a brother."

The jury at Exeter Crown Court found him guilty with a majority of 10-2 after more than five-and-a-half hours' deliberating.

In a statement released by his lawyer, Phillip Schofield said his brother had committed a "despicable" crime.

"My overwhelming concern is and has always been for the wellbeing of the victim and his family. I hope that their privacy will now be respected."

Schofield arrived each day in court covering his head

During the trial, Timothy Schofield denied performing sexual acts on the boy but admitted he had watched pornography with the teenager and they had masturbated while sitting apart.

The jury previously heard how he had confessed to his TV star brother in September 2021 about watching pornography with the teenager on one occasion, claiming it had happened after the boy was 16, the age of consent.

Phillip Schofield described in a written statement read to the court how his brother had phoned him in an agitated and upset state, and Mr Schofield had invited him to drive to his home in London.

He told how his brother said "You are going to hate me for what I am about to say", with him assuring him there was nothing he could say that would do that.

Mr Schofield said in the statement: "Then he said that he and [the boy] had time together and that last year they had watched porn ... and [masturbated]".

"I turned and said, 'What did you just say?' He said it was last year and we were alone together. Tim said it was just this once. I told him it should never happen again. He then started to tell me about [the boy's] body.

"I said, 'F***, stop'. I shouted at Tim that he had to stop. I didn't want to know any of the details but he made it sound like a one-off.

"I said, 'I don't want you to tell me any more'. I said, 'You've got to stop, just never do it again. Regardless how that happened, it must never happen again'."

The This Morning presenter's statement issued after the guilty verdict on Monday said: "If any crime had ever been confessed to me by my brother, I would have acted immediately to protect the victim and their family," adding that he welcomed the guilty verdicts.

Robin Shellard, prosecuting, told the court the boy's evidence showed the abuse in fact began when he was aged 13.

Timothy Schofield has been remanded in custody and will be sentenced at Bristol Crown Court on 19 May.

His employer, Avon & Somerset Police, said it would now start misconduct proceedings against him.

Schofield was suspended from duty in December 2021 when the criminal proceedings started.

Senior Investigating Officer Det Insp Keith Smith said: "[Schofield] has exploited and abused the victim by carrying out a sickening series of offences over a significant period of time."

"Although the defendant does not work in a public-facing role, and the offences are not linked to his employment, we know the fact he works for the police will be a matter of public concern," he added.

Schofield was convicted of three counts of causing a child to watch sexual activity, three of engaging in sexual activity in the presence of a child, three of causing a child to engage in sexual activity and two of sexual activity with a child.

The victim told the jury he felt "emotionally blackmailed" by Timothy Schofield and "forced" to participate in sexual activity.

He said: "I felt that emotionally there was no escape from what we had to do and I felt that there was a tremendous amount of pressure and expectation for me to fulfil what was being asked and wanted."

An NSPCC spokesperson said Schofield's actions were "deeply harmful".

They added: "Child sexual abuse can have devastating and long-lasting impact on a person's life. We hope that the young man he targeted is receiving all the support he needs to move forward with his life."

Follow BBC West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: bristol@bbc.co.uk

George Gilbey appeared on Gogglebox with his mother Linda Gilbey and stepfather Pete McGarry

The mother of Gogglebox star George Gilbey, who died after a fall at work, has paid tribute to her "generous, funny and kind" son.

Gilbey, who appeared on the show with his mum Linda McGarry and stepdad Pete, died on 27 March after a fall in Shoeburyness, Southend-on-Sea.

McGarry told the Clacton Gazette he was a "devoted father" who had "buckets of personality".

A man has been arrested in connection with the death.

Flowers could be seen at the gates to EGL Homecare the morning after Gilbey's death

McGarry said the electrician and roofer had only been back at work for three days when he died.

She said: "I'm devastated - he was like my best friend.

"He had the best heart in the world - he was generous, funny and kind, with bundles of charm and buckets of personality."

Gilbey "did more in his 40 years than people do in 90", she said.

His stepfather died in 2021 after a short illness.

"He just couldn't get over the death of Pete," said McGarry.

"I have been diagnosed with Parkinson's disease and he took it worse than me. He was a mummy's boy.

George Gilbey, his mother Linda and late stepfather, Pete, were fixtures on the Channel 4 show between 2013 and 2018

"George was a real contradiction - he was so funny and so intelligent. A lot of people don't know how intelligent George was.

"He was smart, which allowed him to be quick-witted, and he was loud and outgoing, but at the same time very sensitive. He helped others, but he struggled himself."

Gilbey featured in eight series of the Channel 4 show between 2013 and 2018.

He also appeared in Celebrity Big Brother in 2014.

A man arrested on suspicion of gross negligence manslaughter has been released under investigation.

Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and X. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp 0800 169 1830

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Shares in several regional banks in the US have dropped sharply, as investors fear the banking crisis that has gripped financial markets is not over.

The falls come a day after the collapse of First Republic, which was seized by regulators and sold after worried customers withdrew more than $100bn.

It was the second biggest bank failure in US history and the third since March.

Shareholders were wiped out - and are now eyeing risks at other banks.

California-based PacWest Bancorp, which has been under scrutiny for its lending to firms backed by venture capital, saw shares plunge 28%.

The turmoil comes as the banking sector is adjusting to a sharp rise in interest rates.

The US central bank has raised its benchmark rate from near zero last March to more than 4.75%. It is expected to announce another 0.25% increase this week.

The moves are impacting the US economy, which could hurt banks as businesses and households start to struggle to make debt payments.

Many analysts are worried about risks to banks lurking in the commercial property sector, which has been hit by a fall in demand for office space due to the expansion of remote work.

The rise in interest rates has put some banks in a bind, as higher rates hurt the market value of some debts issued when borrowing costs were lower.

The fears intensified in March, when panic sparked by the sudden collapse of Silicon Valley Bank - then the US's 16th largest lender - prompted global sell-offs of bank shares and led many US bank customers to shift their money to firms seen as safer.

Bigger banks proved to be the winners, while regional firms came under pressure.

The fears claimed Signature Bank and ultimately First Republic, which could not survive the loss of funds.

PacWest reported last month that its deposits shrunk 16% from the end of December to the end of March, while Western Alliance shares fell 11%.

Both banks said they had seen deposits start to increase again more recently as the fears subsided.

Jamie Dimon, chief executive of JP Morgan Chase, which bought First Republic from the government, said on Monday that he thought the fall of First Republic marked the end to "this part" of the crisis.

"This part of the crisis is over," he said. "Down the road, there are rates going way up, real estate, recession - that's a whole different issue, but for now, everyone should just take a deep breath."

Analysts have said the US banking system - which has more than 4,000 banks - could be poised for a wave of consolidation as the economy weakens.

They have compared the situation to the 1980s, when hundreds of lenders closed after being caught off guard by a sharp rise in interest rates and bad commercial property loans.

"It's primarily been an interest rate problem but if we slide into a recession, it could be a double whammy," said banking consultant Bert Ely.

"I think maybe heads are screwed on a little bit better than they were in the 80s but there's still lots of uncertainty that's out there."

Police moved to arrest a group of protesters in Piccadilly as the annual Pride parade got under way

Five Just Stop Oil protesters have been charged over demonstrations which briefly led to London's annual Pride parade being delayed.

Images on social media on Saturday showed police removing demonstrators who managed to briefly stop the march.

Seven people were arrested by the Metropolitan Police. Five have since been charged and two have been bailed.

The five people, aged between 20 and 68, have been charged with Public Order offences.

They are due to appear at Westminster Magistrates' Court on Tuesday.

Police said the five charged are Ben Plumpton, 68, of Underbank Ave, Charlestown, Calderdale; Zosia Lewis, 22, of Melbourne Street, Newcastle upon Tyne; Oliver Clegg, 20, of Olney Street, Manchester; Gosse Bootsma, 25, of no fixed address, and Callum Goode, 23, of Ashbourne, Derbyshire.

Organisers estimated about 30,000 participants from across 600 organisations took part in the parade

In addition, two males, aged 19 and 22 have been released on bail pending further enquiries, the Met added.

This year's Pride procession started at midday at Hyde Park Corner and people peacefully made their way through Westminster's streets before it finished at Whitehall Place.

A number of stages hosted performances from LGBTQ+ acts as part of the celebrations.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Taylor Swift has joined Elon Musk as ranking among the world's wealthiest people, according to a new rich list.

The American pop star entered the Forbes World's Billionaires List for the first time with $1.1bn (£877m), along with Sam Altman, creator of the AI chatbot ChatGPT on $1bn (£800m).

LVMH French luxury goods titan Bernard Arnault and his family topped the chart with an estimated $233bn (£185bn).

Forbes said there were a record 2,781 billionaires for 2024.

The figure is 141 more than last year and 26 more than the previous record set in 2021. Forbes added the elite were richer than ever - with a collective wealth of $14.2tn (£11.3tn).

Singer-songwriter Swift entered the rich list after achieving megastar status. She stole the show at this year's Grammy Awards, becoming the first performer to win the prize for album of the year four times.

Her album 1989 (Taylor's Version) was also the best-selling vinyl LP of last year.

Swift's success is not just confined to the world of music. Her mere presence at American football games to watch her boyfriend Travis Kelce has been credited with raising NFL viewing figures.

When it comes to the top 10 richest people on the planet, eight listed were from the US - six of whom had made their money in technology industries.

After Frenchman Mr Arnault and his family, Mr Musk, the owner of Tesla and X, formerly Twitter, is listed second, with an estimated net worth of $195bn (£155bn).

He is followed in third by Amazon owner Jeff Bezos.

Mr Musk's riches are up 8% from last year but down on his net worth in November 2021, when he became the first person ever to be worth $300bn (£239bn).

Also joining Forbes's list is basketball legend Magic Johnson with wealth of $1.2bn (£950m) and TV producer Dick Wolf, behind the US Law and Order and Chicago PD series, also on $1.2bn.

Chase Peterson-Withorn, senior editor on wealth for Forbes, said it had been an "amazing" year for the world's richest people.

"A record-breaking 14 centi-billionaires have 12-figure fortunes. Even during times of financial uncertainty for many, the super-rich continue to thrive," he added.

Forbes said the class of billionaires for 2024 were 255% richer than a decade ago, now worth $2tn (£1.59tn) in all, meaning just 0.5% of the world's 2,781 billionaires hold 14% of all billionaire wealth.

Geographically, the US still has more billionaires than any other country, with a record 813 on the list. China remains second, followed by India.

In the UK, hedge fund manager Michael Platt is the richest person, followed by part-owner of Manchester United Sir Jim Ratcliffe and inventor Sir James Dyson.

Forbes said 189 people had fallen off the list including 129 from mainland China, where weak consumer spending and a collapse in the real estate market wiped billions off portfolios.

Another 32 billionaires died, including Egyptian tycoon Mohamed Al-Fayed, former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, former Chilean President Sebastián Piñera and Margaritaville singer Jimmy Buffett.

One care home in Scotland is closing every week on average, industry leaders have warned.

Scottish Care, which represents private operators, said the industry was in an "incredibly difficult" position due to funding and staffing challenges.

And smaller, family-run homes in rural areas are the most vulnerable to closure, the body added.

A new funding deal between care homes and council umbrella body Cosla has been agreed.

But care homes argue the 6% uplift does not go far enough to cover increased energy and recruitment costs.

Speaking to the BBC Scotland Sunday Show, Karen Hedge, deputy chief executive of Scottish Care, said the deal was the best Cosla could realistically offer but still "doesn't cut it".

She said: "It is incredibly difficult right now, I'm having phone calls from our members in tears who are having to close what has been a family business for them for many years.

"What we are seeing as a result of that is the impact on the residents and their loved ones, who in some places are having to drive up to two hours to go to another care home in a different community."

As well as more homes closing, Ms Hedge said care at home packages were also being impacted by private operators not being able to meet the increased costs in what she described as another example of "the way social care is a Cinderella service compared to the NHS".

Adam Stachura, head of policy and communications at Age Scotland, said the care home closure figures "should be setting alarm bells ringing across the country".

He added: "Social care is critical to the lives of hundreds of thousands of people - it is incredibly worrying and I actually don't understand how it will get better.

"The vast majority of care homes are provided by private organisations, there are very few council-run care homes any more.

"So one closing every week is devastating because where on earth do these people go?"

The National Care Home Contract (NCHC) was set up about 15 years ago in response to disputes over rates between care homes, local and central government.

Those fees are now set through annual negotiation between Scottish Care and Cosla, which represents local authorities.

A 6% uplift has been agreed but some in the industry say this was borne out of sheer desperation for more funding to keep going.

Plans for a new national care service in Scotland, which would see a series of regional care boards set up that would operate in the same way as health boards, have been postponed.

The new service would see Scottish government ministers directly responsible for social care services instead of local councils.

However, uncertainty about the costs involved in setting up and running the new service and the implications for local decision-making remain.

A Scottish government spokesman said: "The national care home rate is not set by the Scottish government and is negotiated by Cosla and Scottish Care.

"We are pleased that Scottish Care members have agreed to accept the 6% uplift offer from Cosla to agree the national care home contract."

Activists on both sides of the abortion debate outside the Supreme Court

Less than a year after its landmark decision reversing constitutional abortion protections, a majority of the nine justices of the US Supreme Court seem reluctant to jump back into the politically charged subject anytime soon.

The court was reviewing a decision by a federal judge in Texas that suspended approval by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) of the abortion drug mifepristone, one of the most commonly used methods of terminating a pregnancy in America.

The court threw out that decision, as well as a ruling by a federal appeals court that would have limited use of the drug to women less than seven weeks pregnant, and required three in-person physician visits for those seeking the drug, and prevented its availability by post.

The court's ruling was short and to the point. The current rules governing mifepristone remain in effect until the Supreme Court eventually does decide on the merits of the original Texas order, or (less likely) lets whatever the appeals court decides stand without review.

This effectively kicks the can down the road months and possibly well into 2024, when a final court decision could come down in the shadow of the next presidential election.

Two justices, Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito, openly dissented from the majority. The latter went into detail on why he would have let the Fifth Circuit's appeal court's ruling stand.

He wrote that the circuit court's stay would not have caused "irreparable harm" to the FDA or to Danco Laboratories, which manufactures the drug.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Why anti-abortion campaigners still march after Roe was overturned

Neither Mr Alito nor the majority decision expressed any opinion about mifepristone's ultimate fate. Given the conservative-leaning court's abortion ruling last year, however, its final decision in the case could very well anger the abortion-rights groups that on Friday were celebrating.

The case is now back in the hands of the Fifth Circuit appeals court, where six of its 16 judges were appointed by Donald Trump and only four by Democratic presidents.

Last week, two Trump-selected judges on that court issued a lengthy opinion that, among other things, said it was "unlikely" that the challenge to at least some of the FDA's decisions authorising mifepristone would fail. A third judge (appointed by former Republican President George W Bush) disagreed.

Those three judges will hear oral arguments in the case in May and could issue a decision weeks or even months later. That ruling could then be reviewed by the full 15-judge circuit before the losing side has the opportunity to appeal to the US Supreme Court.

There is a likelihood that when this case once again lands on the steps of the high court, it will do so with a ruling that curtails the availability of the abortion drug.

Even that, however, could be just the beginning.

This current legal battle is just over a temporary hold on the FDA's mifepristone approval. Once this round of appeals has concluded, the case will head back to the Texas court for a trial on the merits of the case, possibly with witness testimony.

After that court issues its final decision, the appeals process will start all over again.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Meanwhile, the opinion of the general public continues to land heavily in favour of existing policies relating to the abortion pill. A recent Ipsos poll found 68% of Americans opposed overturning approval of the abortion drug versus only 28% in favour. Republican voters were split, with 53% in favour and 46% opposed.

A majority of Americans view the Supreme Court sceptically when it comes to abortion, with 57% saying the chamber is politically motivated on the topic, while only 37% trust that the justices will remain "neutral and impartial".

Friday's order may allow some of those emotions, and attitudes towards the court, to cool in the coming months. But the court's abortion ruling last June has opened the door to numerous legal challenges to state-level abortion rights and restrictions, as well as to federal policies like the mifepristone rules.

Mr Alito, in his opinion last June, wrote that "it is time to heed the Constitution and return the issue of abortion to the people's elected representatives", but this is far from the last time the nine justices will have to weigh in on the matter.

More seasonal workers will be allowed into the UK if needed, the prime minister has said after the home secretary said migration must fall.

Rishi Sunak told a gathering of farmers and other food producers an extra 10,000 visas will be made available for the agriculture sector.

This would be on top of the current 45,000 allocated.

But on Monday, Suella Braverman said there was no reason the UK could not train its own fruit pickers.

At a speech, the home secretary said it was "not racist" to want to control borders and her aim was to reduce net migration.

On Tuesday, Mr Sunak said the government was responding to the needs of farmers by offering the extra visas.

Asked by Farming Today on BBC Radio 4 why the number of visas was not higher, Mr Sunak said: "I think the number is appropriate.

"We haven't used the 45,000 allocation last year. Before we start saying we need more it's reasonable to extend the current numbers."

The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs said the extra visa numbers were also offered to the agricultural sector last year.

Around 70 leading members of the food industry, including farmers and supermarket bosses, met with the prime minister and his colleagues to talk about how the UK can improve the way it produces and sells food.

It comes against a backdrop of continued high prices, and new research from the consumer group Which? that said the price of some goods had jumped by as much as 25% in April, compared with the same month last year.

Dairy products such as cheese saw the biggest rise, the group said.

Overall, in a survey of the UK's eight largest supermarkets looking at 26,000 products, it said food prices rose more than 17%.

Supermarkets are starting to bring down the prices of bread and butter but Which? said prices remained at "shockingly high levels" compared with last year.

It also found supermarket own-label budget items were up 25% in April compared with the same period 12 months ago.

The consumer group said it was "concerned the voices of millions of people" struggling with soaring food inflation had not been heard at the summit.

"Families up and down the country are facing a daily struggle to put food on the table and it's clear the big supermarkets could...make available a range of healthy budget foods available in all shops," it said.

Earlier on Tuesday, Tesco announced that it was cutting prices of vegetable and sunflower oil, as well as pasta by 15p. But a 500g bag of penne pasta is still 80p - in 2021, it was 50p.

However, Bill Grimsey, the former boss of frozen food chain Iceland, warned: "If anybody thinks prices are going to come down quickly anytime soon, well they're not."

Farmers and businesses have been hit by rising operating costs, in part caused by Russia's invasion of Ukraine.

Other expenses such as shipping costs - which soared during the Covid pandemic - have since fallen but Mr Grimsey said shoppers are unlikely to see the impact of this on the prices they pay.

The government also pledged to put greater emphasis on farmers' interests in future trade deals and said it would review horticulture and egg supply chains to "ensure farmers get a fair price for their produce".

Many farmers have argued that supermarkets are not giving them a fair deal for certain goods, such as eggs.

Ash Amirahmadi, managing director of the UK's largest dairy producer Arla Foods, attended the summit and told the BBC the meeting was a "good start", but added that the government needed to "follow through" on its commitment to prioritise the UK's food industry.

Arla managing director Ash Amirahmadi said high food price inflation was being felt across the world

Mr Amirahmadi said burgeoning costs in the sector were not unique to the UK and were about 40% up before inflation first started rising, though he cautioned against a return to the days of cheap milk.

"I expect when we fully come out of this prices will be higher than they were before," he added.

The British Retail Consortium (BRC), which represents retailers, has said they are "doing all they can to keep food prices as low as possible" and called on the government to streamline regulation around recycling, packaging and Brexit to try to bring down prices for consumers.

The number of people living with major illnesses in England will rise nine times faster than the healthy working age population, projections show.

By 2040 nearly one in five will have health conditions such as dementia and cancer, up from one in six in 2019.

The Health Foundation, which did the analysis, said the population shift would have a major impact on the NHS.

The think tank said it would require a radical shift, with more care in the community, rather than hospitals.

The projections suggest there will be 9.1 million people with a major health condition by 2040, a 37% rise in the latest data from 2019.

By comparison, the number of healthy working-age people will increase by just 4%.

Most of the increase is being driven by the ageing population, but there will be growing numbers of young people living in ill health too, the report said.

There will be particularly big increases in people living with anxiety and depression, chronic pain and diabetes.

Obesity is one of the major factors that will drive rises in illnesses.

This will more than offset the gains made by fewer people smoking, and lower cholesterol levels.

Lead researcher Anita Charlesworth said: "The challenge of an ageing population with rising levels of major illness is not unique to the NHS.

"Countries across the globe face the same pressures. How well prepared we are to meet the challenge is what will set us apart.

"Over the next two decades, the growth in major illness will place additional demand on all parts of the NHS.

"But the impact will extend well beyond the health service too - and has significant implications for other public services, the labour market and the public finances."

She said while living with a major health condition would not necessarily exclude everyone from the workforce, many would be excluded.

Dr Layla McCay, of the NHS Confederation, which represents health managers, said the projections were "worrying" given the increased pressure and demand on the NHS which the changes would lead to.

She said there needed to be a greater focus on prevention to reduce the numbers living in ill health.

And she added that investment in social care to support older people would also be needed: "We know that investment in health will support our ageing population to live well with illness, as well as support economic growth."

Stephanie Duthie and her 18-year-old daughter Bryony (right)

The family of a teenager put in a coma after developing pneumonia while on holiday in Spain have booked a £33,000 medical flight to bring her home.

Bryony Duthie, who suffers from a rare chronic kidney condition, fell ill on 16 July on the Costa Del Sol.

The 18-year-old stirred from her coma on Friday but slipped back into unconsciousness.

Doctors at Vithas Xanit International Hospital Benalmadena have so far been unable to remove her from life support.

Her family hope she can be flown from Malaga to Dundee on Thursday on an IAS Medical plane.

It will be equipped like an intensive care unit to keep her alive during the journey.

Her mother, Stephanie Duthie, 37, from Dundee, said: "I'm just in a million pieces. We just need to get her home.

"The hospital have told us that they want her to be ventilated when she flies.

"We found a flight company who are willing to fly her home for £33,000 but it's not until next Thursday."

Ms Duthie, who recently completed a degree in social work, said the pilot plans to fly to Dundee, their nearest airport, provided there is no rain.

If not, a longer runway at Aberdeen, Edinburgh or Glasgow will be used, although this would complicate the journey.

The family is also facing a second estimated medical bill of 27,000 euro (£23,400) for another nine days of private healthcare in Spain after already being charged more than £13,000 for her first two nights in hospital and initial treatment. The cost was not covered by their travel insurance policy.

They have set up a fundraising page which has surpassed £50,000.

The Duthie family thought Bryony, who lost her father when she was three, had become ill because of her chronic kidney problems.

But a CT scan later revealed she had pneumonia.

While doctors have been trying to cautiously bring her out of the coma, they fear she could suffer another seizure at any time.

Ms Duthie added: "She's starting to wake up but when I say that, I mean she's opening her eyes, she's not compos mentis.

"She can't follow commands, like squeeze my finger or anything like that.

"They have now put her back into a coma. It's really horrible to watch."

Ms Duthie is also concerned that her daughter will have to be moved to a state hospital in Spain if she cannot be flown home because the family cannot afford to keep her in private care.

She said: "I'm scared to move her now but it's three grand a day just to be there.

"Her condition, renal tubular acidosis, is so rare and unique that it's taken them so long to get her stable.

"We just need to get her home."

Ms Duthie thanked the public for their generosity and kind wishes.

She added: "From the bottom of my heart, I just want to say thank you to everybody who has sent anything, from a penny to £100, to those who have shared, who have retweeted.

"We are forever indebted to these people who have donated, we could never say thank you enough."

UK nationals have to make their own way to an airstrip near Sudanese capital Khartoum to be evacuated

This is a race against time, circumstances and numbers.

And all three are bleak. Time is ticking down to the ceasefire ending.

The circumstances are grim: unpredictable, volatile and dangerous.

And the latest numbers published by the Foreign Office make it look, on the face of it, like it will be very difficult to get every Brit out in time before the fighting resumes.

The Foreign Office have said 536 people have now been evacuated from Sudan on six UK flights as of 21:00 GMT on Wednesday evening.

Estimates as to how many British passport holders there are in Sudan vary considerably, but it is widely expected to be a few thousand at least.

And the Foreign Secretary, James Cleverly, has candidly spelt out that the ceasefire ends on Thursday night and "we cannot guarantee how many further flights will depart once the ceasefire ends".

But, having spoken to people across government, they feel things are going as well as could be hoped. A phrase I keep hearing is the "calibration of risk." Rolling risk assessments of what is possible. How to help, without jeopardising the safety of the rescuers or the rescued.

It should not be a "race to get it wrong", as one figure put it. But being the last to get it right is not a prize anyone wants either.

You can hear the exhaustion and sleep deprivation in the voices of those working on this. There is talk of people sleeping on sofas in between long stints in the Foreign Office's Crisis Centre.

Sources tell me there is the capacity to increase the frequency of flights out of Khartoum, if needs be. There is also the option of taking people out by ship from Port Sudan. But the focus is on those flights, for now.

Contingency planning is under way for what to do when the ceasefire ends.

All this, as the government faces criticism from some that they have been too slow.

Some of those flown out of Sudan have expressed gratitude at being rescued in their first sentence, and criticism at its lack of pace in their second.

And there have been comparisons with how other countries have managed things.

France, for instance, collected some of its people who wanted to leave, rather than asking them to make their own way to the airfield. One of their soldiers was seriously injured in the process.

UK Special Forces were used to extract British diplomats. But the government argues it would be hugely dangerous to provide what would amount to an armed taxi service to take people to the airport, as it would risk drawing the UK into the conflict.

And the numbers of citizens it is attempting to help is far greater than other comparable countries.

Foreign Secretary James Cleverly said the UK can not guarantee how many more flights will depart Sudan when the ceasefire ends

Incidentally, as my colleague, the BBC Berlin correspondent Jenny Hill, has reported, there has been something of a spat between the German government and the UK government, with Berlin accusing London of delaying the evacuation of its own citizens by landing in Sudan without permission at the weekend.

There is private shock here that Germany went public with this and a desire not to be drawn into a diplomatic tit for tat over it. The Foreign Office and Ministry of Defence are denying the allegation.

It is worth mentioning too that there is not a domestic political row here at Westminster about how the government is handling things.

Privately some Labour figures think it has been too slow. But they are not leaping to criticise ministers - perhaps conscious any critique would, by extension, be seen as undermining the armed forces, diplomats and others doing all they can in very difficult circumstances.

The political argument may, of course, change, as that race against time, circumstances and numbers continues with the prospect it gets considerably more difficult.

The film's marketing campaign has been huge - and hugely successful - with debut takings worldwide of $337m (£293m)

'Barbenheimer' fever took hold in the UK as Christopher Nolan's Oppenheimer and Greta Gerwig's Barbie took £30m on their opening box office weekend.

According to the UK Cinema Association, that makes it the most successful weekend for UK cinema-going since 2019.

That year, Disney blockbuster Avengers: Endgame opened with takings of £43.7m.

The Vue cinema chain said this weekend marked the second biggest in its history by admissions.

Barbie is now on track to become the biggest film released so far this year, ahead of Super Mario Bros.

A more detailed breakdown of the weekend's UK box office figures will be published later on Monday.

Barbie's marketing campaign has been huge - and hugely successful - with debut takings worldwide of $337m (£293m).

US and Canada takings were enough to make it the biggest opener of 2023 so far in that region.

The film took an estimated $155m (£120m) according to distributor Warner Bros, while Oppenheimer made $93.7m (£72m), Universal Pictures said.

The North American box office figure broke the opening weekend record for a female director, easily overtaking the $103.3m opening of Patty Jenkins' Wonder Woman.

Both films have been a welcome relief for cinemas who are battling against the juggernaut of streaming.

Oppenheimer's plot is centred on the development of the first atomic bomb, starring Cillian Murphy and directed by Christopher Nolan.

Barbie tells a coming-of-age story of the children's character where she explores her identity and encourages friend Ken to establish individuality.

According to Billboard, film polling service PostTrak reported that women made up 65% of the Barbie audience, while 40% of ticket-buyers were under the age of 25.

It wasn't all plain sailing for Barbie, however. In China, the world's second biggest movie market, the film opened in fifth place.

Indian cinemagoers were in for a surprise at one screening of Nolan's film Oppenheimer starring Cillian Murphy

It took just $8.2 million in its opening three days, according to data from consultancy firm Artisan Gateway, although it's not unusual for Chinese audiences to favour homegrown cinema over Hollywood and some analysts considered that hitting the $8m mark was above expectations.

Meanwhile, Indian cinemagoers were in for a surprise at one screening of Nolan's film, which was reportedly accompanied by Barbie subtitles.

"Friend of my cousin posted on insta that a cinema played Oppenheimer with Barbie subtitles," wrote Twitter user Sapun.

Barbie's release was delayed in Pakistan's Punjab province on Friday over "objectionable content", officials said.

Oppenheimer director Christopher Nolan's interview with BBC Culture editor Katie Razzall is on the BBC iPlayer for 11 months.

In the Iranian capital, Tehran, protesters have taken to the streets to condemn the strike on their consulate in Damascus.

"We know that this act is done out of desperation and the regime [Israeli government] is in a serious predicament and is caught in an internal crisis and the war in Gaza," said demonstrator Mohammad Razavi to Reuters news agency.

"It is natural that, in line with the crisis-solving strategy, it tries to transfer the crisis from the inside to the outside to free itself a little, so this rude action can make it easier for them.

Quote Message: We must have a serious answer to this action, like the answer we gave during the assassination of General Soleimani and this answer must reach the whole world. from Mohammad Razavi We must have a serious answer to this action, like the answer we gave during the assassination of General Soleimani and this answer must reach the whole world.

Another protester, a woman called Kosar Adhami, said: "The embassy is considered part of a country's territory. There should definitely be a firm response to this action. For us to sit quietly is not the right thing to do at all because [Israel] would dare to target more positions and may tell itself why not Tehran next time?

"Fitting revenge must be taken."

People use boats on Chidorigafuchi, one of the moats around the Imperial Palace, to view the cherry blossoms as they reach full bloom, in Tokyo, Japan

Last updated on .From the section Leicester

Leicester City have sacked manager Brendan Rodgers after Saturday's 2-1 loss to Crystal Palace, with the club's board "compelled to take alternative action" to stay in the Premier League.

A fifth defeat in six league games dropped them into the relegation zone.

Rodgers, appointed in February 2019, won Leicester's first FA Cup in 2021.

But chairman Aiyawatt Srivaddhanaprabha said performances and results this season had been "below our shared expectations".

In a statement, he added: "It had been our belief that continuity and stability would be key to correcting our course, particularly given our previous achievements under Brendan's management.

"Regrettably, the desired improvement has not been forthcoming and, with 10 games of the season remaining, the board is compelled to take alternative action to protect our Premier League status.

"The task ahead of us in our final 10 games is clear. We now need to come together - fans, players and staff - and show the poise, quality and fight to secure our position as a Premier League club."

There have now been 12 managerial departures in the Premier League this season, and of the bottom nine teams in the league, only West Ham and Nottingham Forest have not made a change.

Speaking on Radio 5 Live, former Leicester midfielder Robbie Savage said: "Brendan has been unbelievable at Leicester. He had options to go elsewhere but stayed loyal. Results haven't been good enough, though. So is it the right thing? Inevitably the manager takes responsibility. The big question is: Do they have a plan?"The short-termism in management is remarkable. If you have an chance to move to bigger clubs but stay loyal to the club, where is the reward in that? The inevitability is you will be sacked.

"It's not a decision the board will have taken lightly. You do it with the best interests of the club at heart. If they stay up, it would be the right decision."

'His place in Leicester history is assured'

Rodgers, 50, led Leicester to consecutive fifth-place finishes in his first two full seasons, and they also beat Chelsea to lift the FA Cup in 2021.

But his side began the 2022-23 campaign with seven defeats from their opening 10 Premier League games, slumping to the bottom of the table before a run of four wins from five games going into the World Cup break.

They have struggled since the season resumed, collecting just seven points from 33 available.

Leicester exited the Carabao Cup against Newcastle and the FA Cup against Blackburn during that run.

The Foxes rallied in January when a 2-2 draw with Brighton was followed by impressive wins over Aston Villa and Tottenham - scoring four goals in both of those victories.

But results again dipped, with the club failing to win in eight games in all competitions since the victory over Spurs on 11 February.

Rodgers won 92 of his 204 games in charge - a win percentage of 45.1%.

Srivaddhanaprabha added: "The achievements of the team under Brendan's management speak for themselves - we've experienced some of our finest footballing moments under his guidance and will always be grateful to him and his staff for the heights they helped us to reach on the pitch.

"Off the pitch, Brendan embraced the culture of the club and helped cultivate an outstanding developmental environment, particularly during the transition to Seagrave, and provided strong leadership during the unprecedented challenge of the coronavirus pandemic. His place in Leicester City history is assured."

Club have had to balance the books

Earlier in the season, Rodgers said Leicester was not the club "that it was a couple of years ago" after a frustrating summer transfer window.

Only defender Wout Faes and goalkeeper Alex Smithies were brought in during the summer, with Rodgers saying the club had to balance the books.

In January, they signed defender Harry Souttar from Stoke City, left-back Victor Kristiansen from Copenhagen and brought in winger Tete from Ukrainian club Shakhtar Donetsk on loan.

In March, Leicester announced pre-tax losses of £92.5m for the year up to 31 May 2022 - an increase of £61.3m compared to the previous 12 months.

There have been some high-profile departures, with defender Wesley Fofana joining Chelsea for about £70m last summer and goalkeeper Kasper Schmeichel, a key figure in their title-winning side, leaving for Nice.

Reaction - 'Panic stations among so many teams'

Former England winger Chris Waddle on BBC Radio 5 Live: "No-one expected Leicester to be near the bottom three. It is a surprise. They have had problems, key players have left - Schmeichel was a massive loss.

"They have had financial problems, and have brought players in perhaps not to the standard they wanted. He's done a very good job with the players he has to work with. But a lot of teams have pressed the panic button and you can't afford to drop out of this league."

Former Liverpool midfielder Jamie Redknapp on Sky Sports: "He hasn't had that spark this season. Something wasn't right. I'm a big fan of Brendan and no doubt he will get back in football. Look at what Crystal Palace have done - it is panic stations among so many teams."

Former Newcastle goalkeeper Shay Given on Sky Sports: "I feel for Brendan. In the past two years, he has not been backed by the owners and that is not Brendan's problem. He got the rug pulled from under his feet. He is a top manager and will get another top job. It shows the stakes are getting higher and higher."

Who will be relegated with Saints? Predict who will be the Premier League's bottom three this season
• None Visit our Leicester City page for all the latest Foxes news, analysis and fan views
• None You can now get Leicester news notifications in the BBC Sport app - find out more
• None Podcast: When You're Smiling - listen to the latest episode on BBC Sounds
• None Our coverage of Leicester City is bigger and better than ever before - here's everything you need to know to make sure you never miss a moment
• None Everything Leicester - go straight to all the best content

What do the Pope's crazy puffa jacket, a student avoiding a parking ticket, a dry government document and Elon Musk warning the robots might come for us have in common?

This is not an April Fool's joke but a genuine question.

The answer is AI - artificial intelligence - two words we are going to hear a lot about in the coming months.

The picture of the Pope in a Michelin-man style white coat was everywhere online but was made using AI by a computer user from Chicago.

In Yorkshire, 22-year-old Millie Houlton asked AI chatbot ChatGPT to "please help me write a letter to the council, they gave me a parking ticket" and sent it off. The computer's version of her appeal successfully got her out of a £60 fine.

Also this week, without much fanfare, the government published draft proposals on how to regulate this emerging technology, while a letter signed by more than 1,000 tech experts including Tesla boss Elon Musk called on the world to press pause on the development of more advanced AI because it poses "profound risks to humanity".

You are not alone if you don't understand all the terms being bandied about:

It's the speed at which the technology is progressing that led those tech entrepreneurs to intervene, with one AI leader even writing in a US magazine this week: "Shut it down."

Twitter, Tesla and SpaceX mogul Elon Musk is one of those calling for a pause to the development of advanced AI

Estonian billionaire Jaan Tallinn is one of them. He was one of the brains behind internet communication app Skype but is now one of the leading voices trying to put the brakes on.

I asked him, in an interview for this Sunday's show, to explain the threat as simply as he could.

"Imagine if you substitute human civilisation with AI civilisation," he told me. "Civilisation that could potentially run millions of times faster than humans... so like, imagine global warming was sped up a million times.

"One big vector of existential risk is that we are going to lose control over our environment.

"Once we have AIs that we a) cannot stop and b) are smart enough to do things like geoengineering, build their own structures, build their own AIs, then, what's going to happen to their environment, the environment that we critically need for our survival? It's up in the air."

And if governments don't act? Mr Tallinn thinks it's possible to "apply the existing technology, regulation, knowledge and regulatory frameworks" to the current generation of AI, but says the "big worry" is letting the technology race ahead without society adapting: "Then we are in a lot of trouble."

It's worth noting they are not saying they want to put a stop to the lot but pause the high-end work that is training computers to be ever smarter and more like us.

The pace of change and its potential presents an almighty challenge to governments around the world.

Westminster and technology are not always a happy mix and while politics moves pretty fast these days, compared to developments in Silicon Valley, it's a snail versus an F1 car.

There are efforts to put up some guard rails in other countries. On Friday Italy banned ChatGPT while the EU is working on an Artificial Intelligence Act. China is bringing in laws and a "registry" for algorithms - the step-by-step instructions used in programming that tell computers what to do.

But the UK government's set of draft proposals this week proposed no new laws, and no new watchdog or regulator to take it on. Even though the White Paper is an effort to manage one of the biggest technological changes in history, blink and you might have missed it.

The government wants, for now, to give existing regulators like the Health and Safety Executive the responsibility of keeping an eye on what is going on. The argument is that AI will potentially have a role in every aspect of our lives, in endless ways, so to create one new big referee is the wrong approach. One minister told me that "it's a whole revolution" so "identifying it as one technology is wrong".

Ministers also want the UK to make the most of its undoubted expertise in the field because AI is big business with huge potential benefits.

The government is reluctant to introduce tight regulation that could strangle innovation. The challenge according to the minister is to be "very, very tough on the bad stuff", but "harness the seriously beneficial bits" too.

That approach hasn't persuaded Labour's shadow digital secretary Lucy Powell, who says the government "hasn't grappled with the scale of the problem" and we are "running to catch up".

Are existing regulators really up to the task? The Health and Safety Executive wouldn't say how many staff it had ready to work on the issue or are being trained. "We will work with the government and other regulators as AI develops and explore the challenges and opportunities it brings using our scientific expertise," they told me.

Should we be as worried about AI as clerics were about the printing press in the 15th Century?

How on earth can any government strike the right balance? Predictions about the potential of technology are often wildly wrong. One MP familiar with the field reckons: "The tech bros have all watched a bit too much Terminator - how does this technology go from a computer program to removing oxygen from the atmosphere?" The MP believes heavier regulation won't be required for a few years.

One tech firm has told us there is no need to panic: "There are harms we're already aware of, like deep fake videos impersonating people or students cheating on tests, but that's quite a leap to then say we should all be terrified of a sentient machine taking control or killing humanity."

Another senior MP, whose been studying the UK's proposals, says the risks are not yet "catastrophic" and it's better to take a careful and gradual approach to any new laws than "take a running jump, and splash into the unknown".

But to worry about big changes is part of human nature. Clerics worried the printing press would make monks lazy in the 15th Century. Weavers smashed up machines in the 19th Century fearing they'd lose their livelihood.

Even your author snubbed the offer of a mobile phone in 1997 convinced they'd only be for "show-offs" and would never really catch on.

What is certain, is that this generation of politicians and those who follow will increasingly have to spend their time grappling with this emerging frontier of technology.

A joint funeral service has taken place for brother and sister Dan and Christine McKane who died in the collision

The hearts of a community have been "torn apart" by the deaths of two siblings in a crash in Strabane, County Tyrone, a priest has said.

Brother and sister Christine and and Dan McKane died along with their aunt Julia McSorley, 75, in the collision on the A5 last Thursday,

The minibus they were travelling in was in a collision with a lorry.

Mourners have heard how Dan McKane was "a big-hearted" man who lived for his family.

Christine McKane was described as "small in stature but big of heart".

Fr Declan Boland told mourners in The Church of The Immaculate Conception, she was "a pocket rocket" whose children and grandchildren were "everything to her".

Brother and sister Dan and Christine McKane died in the collision

The mother-of-three was described as a "chocoholic" who was "so proud of her two wonderful little grandchildren".

"Her wonderful children and beautiful grandchildren, they were everything to Christine. She just lived for them," Fr Boland said.

He added: "As long as they were all happy and okay, she was happy".

Nothing, the parish priest said, "was a bother to Dan McKane". A father of two daughters, he was the "go-to person" in times of need.

A lorry driver for a living, Fr Boland said it was "in his blood".

Fr Boland said local hearts "are sad and broken" following the crash on Thursday.

A single piper led a procession of hundreds into The Church of The Immaculate Conception

"Events of last week remind us we are fragile. We never know the day or hour, that has been brought home so forcibly in recent days.

"Our community's hearts have been torn apart by this terrible loss".

He thanked Commandant Brian Walsh, aide-de-camp to President Michael D Higgins, for his message of support. He also thanked Sinn Féin's Michelle O'Neill, who was among the mourners.

Earlier, a single piper led a procession of hundreds into the church. As the coffins entered the church grounds side-by-side, four lorries beeped their horns in unison.

Naomh Eoghan GAA formed a guard of honour outside the church, as the service took place.

Requiem Mass was held for Ms McSorley on Sunday.

She was described as "selfless, smiling, kind and bubbly".

Julia McSorley's funeral has taken place in Glenock, near Strabane, County Tyrone

Thursday's fatal crash was the latest to happen on the A5 road, which forms part of the main route between Londonderry and Dublin.

Four other people were injured in the incident.

Campaigners from Enough Is Enough, a group calling for urgent improvements to the route, previously said 44 people have died on the road since plans to upgrade it were first announced in 2007.

Celebrities and fans have paid tribute to Tina Turner, the soul star behind hits like The Best and What's Love Got to Do With It, who has died aged 83.

Beyoncé said she was the "epitome of passion and power", while Sir Mick Jagger called her a "wonderful friend" and "enormously talented" performer.

Turner was also praised by Mariah Carey and Oprah Winfrey as a "survivor" who overcame years of domestic abuse.

The Obamas praised her for "singing her truth through joy and pain".

They were joined by current US President Joe Biden, who noted that Turner had started life as a farmer's daughter and hailed her "once-in-a-generation talent".

Beyoncé performed with Turner at the 2008 Grammy Awards

The singer's death was announced on Wednesday by her publicist. No cause was given, but she had suffered a number of health issues in recent years, including a stroke and kidney disease.

Known as the Queen of Rock and Roll, she was a firebrand on the stage, and one of the most unforgettable vocalists of her generation.

She embarked on her singing career in the 1950s and found fame with the Ike Turner Revue, before re-emerging as a solo star in the 1980s.

US singer Gloria Gaynor said Turner "paved the way for so many women in rock music, black and white".

"She did with great dignity and success what very few would even have dared to do in her time and in that genre of music. "

Another contemporary, Diana Ross, said she was "shocked" and "saddened" by Turner's death; while Dionne Warwick remembered her as an "eternal ball of energy".

Mick Jagger, who often collaborated with Turner, wrote on Twitter: "I'm so saddened by the passing of my wonderful friend Tina Turner.

"She was truly an enormously talented performer and singer. She was inspiring, warm, funny and generous. She helped me so much when I was young and I will never forget her."

Turner and Jagger performed together at Live Aid in 1985

Sir Elton John called Turner a "total legend on record and on stage".

He said: "We have lost one of the world's most exciting and electric performers... She was untouchable."

Welsh star Dame Shirley Bassey recalled how Turner "really gave it her everything and was a fantastic performer", and US Government space agency Nasa added: Simply the best. Music legend Tina Turner sparkled across the stage and into millions of hearts as the Queen of Rock 'n' Roll. Her legacy will forever live among the stars."

Born in Tennessee and raised in the church, Turner basically elbowed her way into rock 'n' roll and rose to fame in the 1960s.

When Ike Turner refused to give her an audition, she waited for the intermission in his show, grabbed a drummer's microphone and let rip.

She sang with the band for the rest of the night, and soon got equal billing with Ike - later marrying her co-star.

"When Ike heard me, he said, 'My God!'" she told People magazine in 1981. "He couldn't believe that voice coming out of this frail little body."

They became one of the most watchable, combustible bands on the soul circuit; and many of their hits were covers of other people's material.

From Proud Mary to Get Back, via Whole Lotta Love, Turner made the songs her own, bringing an unforgettable rasp and a powerful female perspective to those rock and roll standards.

John Fogerty, the former Creedence Clearwater Revival frontman who wrote Proud Mary, tweeted: "So deeply sad to hear about Tina Turner's passing… I loved her version of Proud Mary! It was different and fantastic. I was also so happy because she chose my song and it was her breakthrough record."

The star was left penniless after divorcing Ike Turner in the 1970s, but she went on to achieve even greater success as a solo artist, with hits including What's Love Got To Do With It, Let's Stay Together, The Best Steamy Windows, Private Dancer and James Bond theme GoldenEye.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

A number of Wednesday night's tributes referred to her escape from her husband's abuse.

The charity Women's Aid was among those to quote one of Turner's songs, saying: "She will always be simply the best."

TV presenter Oprah Winfrey cited Turner's "courage", adding: "Her life became a clarion call for triumph."

In an effusive message, singer Mariah Carey called Turner not only an "incredible performer" but also a "survivor and an inspiration to women everywhere".

Tributes are being paid around the world

Beyoncé, another younger star who was influenced by Turner, wrote on her website: "My beloved queen. I love you endlessly.

"I am so grateful for your inspiration, and all the ways you have paved the way. You are strength and resilience. You are the epitome of passion and power.

"We are all so fortunate to have witnessed your kindness and beautiful spirit that will forever remain. Thank you for all you have done."

Singer PP Arnold - who performed alongside Turner - told the BBC that the two women's relationship had "changed my life" and saved her from an abusive teen marriage.

Numerous other musicians including Janelle Monáe, Dolly Parton, Blondie's Debbie Harry and Sir Tom Jones were quick to hail the late performer's achievements.

She won eight Grammy Awards and was inducted into the Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Fame in 2021 as a solo artist, having earlier been inducted alongside Ike.

Her glittering career also saw her make film appearances; while the 1993 biopic What's Love Got To Do With It told the story of her own life.

Angela Bassett, who memorably earned an Oscar nomination for playing Turner, said the star had "showed others who lived in fear what a beautiful future filled with love, compassion, and freedom should look like".

In a lengthy statement to Deadline, she added: "Her final words to me - for me - were 'You never mimicked me. Instead, you reached deep into your soul, found your inner Tina, and showed her to the world.'

"I shall hold these words close to my heart for the rest of my days. I am honoured to have known Tina Turner."

Fans left flowers at locations including Turner's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame

Fans around the world paid their own respects - with flowers laid on Turner's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in Los Angeles, and candles lit outside her home in Küsnacht, near Zurich.

Bouquets were left outside London's Aldwych Theatre - the current home of a musical named Tina, about the late singer's life.

The show's star Kristina Love addressed the news on stage, recalling the time she met Turner, who had made her "feel comfortable with the mammoth task ahead in playing her".

West End theatres announced they would dim their lights for two minutes from 19:00 BST on Thursday in her memory.

The BBC also heard reactions from members of the public outside Washington DC's National Museum of African American History and Culture.

Turner was the "epitome of resilience and starting again", said one woman named Marlene.

Ernest Lawrence, a T-shirt seller, said he planned to make a design with Turner on it - explaining that the performer had "one of the most successful legacies in music in my lifetime".

He hailed the late star as a "great black female" and a "positive image for any woman", having overcome "hard times" in her personal life.

At least 11 people - including a two-year-old child - have been killed in Russian shelling of Slovyansk in Ukraine's eastern Donbas region.

Governor Pavlo Kyrylenko said around 21 others had been wounded in the attack on a residential district of the city.

Gov Kyrylenko added that several more were missing, warning that they could be trapped beneath the rubble.

In a post to social media, President Volodymyr Zelensky condemned what he called a brutal and evil attack.

"The evil state once again demonstrates its essence," he wrote on Telegram. "Just killing people in broad daylight. Ruining, destroying all life."

Officials confirmed that one of those killed was a two-year-old child. A senior adviser to Mr Zelensky said the child had been pulled alive from the rubble, but died in an ambulance while being taken to hospital.

Gov Kyrylenko said five houses and five blocks of flats were hit in the strike, while businesses and shops were also damaged in the blasts, which took place at around 18:00 local time (16:00 BST).

He added that the strike had likely been carried out using repurposed S-300 missiles. The system was originally designed as a surface-to-air defence system, but Russia has increasingly used it to strike ground targets in Ukraine as the war has progressed and Moscow's stores of munitions have been depleted.

Reporters from the AFP news agency witnessed rescue workers digging for survivors at the scene of one of the blasts, as black smoke billowed from another building across the street.

They added that the street, which included a playground, was littered with debris that included torn pages from school books and children's drawings.

Earlier, Andriy Yermak - the head of Mr Zelensky's private office - said seven explosions had been heard in the city, some of which took place near a school.

While Ukraine still controls Slovyansk, the city lies just 27 miles (45km) north-west of Bakhmut, which has been the centre of an extensive Russian assault for several months.

Russia has been trying to capture the city since last summer, and on Friday defence officials in Moscow said mercenaries from the Wagner group were continuing to attack the city.

Russian airborne troops were "providing support to assault squads and halting the enemy's attempts to deliver ammunition to the city and bring in reserves," the statement added.

Ukraine insists that it will continue to defend Bakhmut, which military analysists say has limited strategic value. But Russia is believed to have suffered extremely high casualties trying to capture the city.

An analysis of open sources conducted by the BBC's Russian service established the identities of at least 20,451 Russian soldiers killed since the war began. Some 1,820 of those deaths came in the last two weeks, the analysis found.

Sacha Baron Cohen is planning to revive Ali G, the infamous spoof wannabe gangster who became a comedy star 25 years ago, for a new stand-up tour.

Ali G became a hit thanks to his prank interviews with unsuspecting experts on his TV show in the early 2000s.

He then starred in his own film, and has made occasional appearances in recent years.

Variety reported that Baron Cohen has been working on a stand-up tour in which Ali G will feature.

BBC News has confirmed the report, but there are no further details of the tour.

In 2021, Baron Cohen brought back Ali G for a sketch at the MTV Movie & TV Awards, and for a one-off routine at a Sydney comedy club.

"I just wanted to get on stage and muck around and see what Ali G would be like with a crowd," the comedian told GQ afterwards. "It was really good fun."

In the early days, Ali G got laughs by duping an array of interviewees into going along with his persona, while also lampooning white people from the suburbs who posed as the urban youth.

But the act was criticised by some, who saw it as adopting and ridiculing black street culture.

Baron Cohen, now 51, also found success by playing similar pranks as his Kazakh reporter Borat, and played flamboyant Austrian fashionista Bruno.

Samantha Mulcahy (left) and Kimberley Sampson died weeks apart after being operated on by the same surgeon

The mother of a young woman who died with herpes said she was "disgusted" with an NHS trust which "lied" about the potential cause of the virus.

Kim Sampson and Samantha Mulcahy died with herpes after the same obstetrician at the East Kent Hospitals University NHS Trust carried out their Caesareans.

Yvette Sampson's daughter had been "fit and healthy" until she gave birth on 3 May 2018, an inquest has heard.

She said the trust had lied about links between the two mothers' deaths.

They were treated by the same surgeon and midwife six weeks apart, neither of whom were tested for herpes, the inquest in Maidstone was told.

Ms Sampson said her daughter had been "in agony" from 3 May when she gave birth to her second child, until she died on 22 May.

She told the inquest she had received "poor treatment" by midwives at the Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother Hospital (QEQM) in Margate, which she felt also "contributed" to her daughter's death.

Ms Sampson was initially denied a Caesarean and instead told to push for almost three hours, despite repeatedly telling midwives that "something wasn't right" and "clinging to the bed in agony", her mother said.

One midwife refused to transfer her to surgeons, who later admitted that she should have had the operation sooner, she said.

Ms Sampson lost almost four pints of blood after the baby's position meant an artery was torn.

"I could not understand why no-one was listening to Kim or acting on her concerns when she said something wasn't right. The midwives didn't seem to take notice of her pain."

In the following days, Ms Sampson was unable to walk, and her stomach had not deflated, but two midwives who visited their home said they had "no concerns", her mother said.

It was not until 10 May that she was taken to A&E at the QEQM and treated for sepsis.

After four operations to drain fluid from her abdomen, surgeons told the family that "Kim's liver was black and she was unlikely to live".

In July 2018, first-time mother Mrs Mulcahy died from an infection caused by the same virus at the William Harvey Hospital in Ashford.

Ms Sampson said the trust had "lied" to the family about a known link between her daughter's death and Ms Mulcahy's following an investigation.

She said emails from the East Kent trust to Public Health England exposed how they had never tested the surgeon and midwife common to both cases for herpes.

"I am disgusted with the trust and how our family has been treated," she said.

In March, the Mid Kent and Medway Coroner, Catherine Wood, accepted an application from the trust to give anonymity to the surgeon common to both cases.

Follow BBC South East on Facebook, on Twitter, and on Instagram. Send your story ideas to southeasttoday@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Rasmus Paludan had threatened to burn a copy of the Quran in Wakefield

A Danish far-right politician has been barred from the UK after threatening to burn a copy of the Quran in Wakefield.

Security minister Tom Tugendhat said Rasmus Paludan, founder of the anti-Islam party Stram Kurs, had been added to the UK's immigration watchlist.

Mr Paludan had said he planned to burn the religious text in a public square in the West Yorkshire city this week.

It comes after four pupils at a Wakefield school were suspended over damage to a copy of the Quran.

In a video posted to Twitter on Sunday, Mr Paludan said he would travel to the city to "fight back" against "undemocratic forces".

He claimed he intended to burn the Quran on Wednesday to coincide with the start of Ramadan.

Mr Paludan has held several previous protests in which the Islamic text was burned, with some leading to violent counter-demonstrations.

In January he burned a copy of the Quran outside the Turkish embassy in Stockholm.

That protest became part of a diplomatic row between Turkey and Sweden - with Turkey now holding up Sweden's application to join Nato.

The security minister told the House of Commons about his intervention after Simon Lightwood, the Labour MP for Wakefield, raised concerns on Monday about Mr Paludan's potential visit.

Mr Lightwood said: "Far-right Islamophic Danish politician Rasmus Paludan said he is going to travel from Denmark to Wakefield for the sole purpose of burning a Quran in a public place.

"Mr Paludan was previously jailed in Denmark for his hateful and racist statements. He is a dangerous man that should not be allowed into this country.

"Can the home secretary assure me and my community that the government is taking action to prevent this?"

Mr Tugendhat said Mr Paludan had been added to to the UK's warnings index.

He added: "His travel to the United Kingdom would not be conducive with the public good and he will not be allowed access."

Four pupils were suspended from Wakefield's Kettlethorpe High School in February after a Year 10 student brought in a Quran, reportedly as part of a dare.

The cover of the Islamic text had been torn and some pages scuffed, but police concluded no offences were committed and the school's headteacher said she was satisfied there was "no malicious intent by those involved".

Follow BBC Yorkshire on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to yorkslincs.news@bbc.co.uk.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Suella Braverman says she is "confident nothing untoward happened", but has refused to be drawn over whether she asked civil servants to arrange a one-to-one speed awareness course for her.

The home secretary was caught speeding in 2022 and, according to reports, asked the civil service for advice on arranging a private course.

The PM is under pressure to investigate whether she broke the ministerial code.

Rishi Sunak has asked his ethics adviser about the case.

He has also spoken to the home secretary, and Downing Street said he still had confidence in the home secretary.

Mrs Braverman is under scrutiny not over the speeding offence itself, but over whether she acted properly in relation to the civil service, by asking officials to assist with a private matter, over a one-to-one speed awareness course.

After being caught speeding, Ms Braverman faced getting three points on her licence and a fine, or a course as part of a group.

A government source told the BBC the senior minister had been "concerned" about her insurance premiums, and favoured doing a course. She is reported to have asked civil servants about a one-on-one course, citing security concerns about doing one as part of a group. She was told it was not a matter for the civil service.

She then asked a special adviser to try to arrange a private course.

When the speed course provider said there was no option to do this, Mrs Braverman opted to pay the fine and accept the points, because she was "very busy" a source told the BBC. By this point she had been reappointed as home secretary in Mr Sunak's government.

The same government source refused to say whether Mrs Braverman's motivation to do the course in private was to reduce the chances of her being recognised by members of the public.

Speeding awareness course providers are contracted by individual police forces. According to UK Road Offender Education, the not-for-profit organisation responsible, these contracts make "no provision for private one-to-one courses" at the request of the driver.

The ministerial code requires ministers to ensure "no conflict arises" between their public duties and their private interests.

Repeatedly asked in an interview whether she instructed officials to arrange a one-on-one speeding course, Mrs Braverman said: "Last summer, I was speeding, I regret that, I paid the fine and I took the points."

Asked whether she would welcome an investigation into what happened or if she had spoken to the prime minister about it, Ms Braverman said: "I am focussed on working as the home secretary."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Yvette Cooper claims Suella Braverman is "not answering basic factual questions" about her 2022 speeding fine

Speaking to the Westminster Hour on BBC Radio 4, former senior civil servant Sir Philip Rycroft said Mrs Braverman's reported actions appeared to be a "real lapse of judgement".

"Obviously, there's still investigations to be done and so on but the code is very clear. Ministers must ensure that no conflict arises or appears to arise between their public duties and their private interests.

"Even asking a question of a civil servant as to how she might go on one of these courses puts them in an impossible position."

The ministerial code sets standards of conduct expected of ministers, including that they must uphold the political impartiality of the civil service.

Former business secretary Jacob Rees-Mogg told Radio 4's World at One, he was confident Ms Braverman had not broken any rules.

"What goes on in private offices is a minister is busy and has many things to do and sometimes will ask for something the civil servants can't do," he said.

"As soon as once they say no, and you accept it, you haven't done anything wrong."

In the Commons, Mr Sunak told MPs he has "asked for further information" and will update MPs "on the appropriate course of action in due course".

The prime minister's official spokesman said Mr Sunak "wants to avail himself of all the information before he makes a decision". The prime minister still has confidence in the home secretary, the spokesman added.

Mrs Braverman was in Downing Street on Monday lunchtime, and afterwards headed to the House of Commons for a scheduled question session from MPs on Home Office issues.

During the session, Mrs Braverman was repeatedly pressed on whether she had asked civil servants to arrange a private speed awareness course.

Labour's shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper said: "If the home secretary can't grip on her own rule-breaking behaviour how can she get a grip on anything else."

The home secretary told MPs she had paid the speeding fine and had not sought to avoid any sanction.

Labour Leader Sir Keir Starmer said the prime minister should order his adviser, Sir Laurie Magnus, to investigate whether ministerial rules were broken.

Speaking to BBC Breakfast, Sir Keir said it looked like "inappropriate action took place" from the home secretary that "needs to be fully investigated".

"The usual consequence of breaking the ministerial code is that you'll go," he added.

The Liberal Democrats are also calling for an investigation and said Mr Sunak needed to make a statement in Parliament about the claims.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. "Did you have any questions about the summit?" Rishi Sunak asks the BBC's Chris Mason

Answering questions at the G7 summit over the weekend, Mr Sunak apparently did not know anything about the story the until it was first reported in the Sunday Times. and he declined to say whether he would be ordering an investigation.

Speaking at a news conference, he also declined to say he backed Mrs Braverman - but a Downing Street source later said that "of course" he did.

After serving as attorney general between February 2020 and September 2022, Mrs Braverman was promoted to home secretary under Liz Truss.

She resigned on 19 October after sending an official document from a personal email to a backbench MP - describing it as a "technical infringement of the rules". But she was reappointed to the same role by Mr Sunak six days later following the collapse of Liz Truss's government.

The whales stranded on Lewis will be moved to a landfill in Stornoway for post-mortem examinations

Scientists are carrying out a "monumental" post-mortem investigation on a pod of 55 whales that became stranded in the Western Isles.

Only 15 were alive after they washed on to Traigh Mhor beach at North Tolsta on the Isle of Lewis on Sunday morning.

One is believed to have been successfully refloated, but the rest were euthanised on welfare grounds.

It is the highest number of deaths following a mass stranding of animals in the UK for at least 70 years.

Leading veterinary pathologist Dr Andrew Brownlow said the investigation would be a "monumental task".

He is director of the Scottish Marine Animal Stranding Scheme (SMASS), whose team will carry out the post-mortem examinations.

Attempts were made to give surviving whales first aid on Sunday

They will gather data from a select number of the whales as they would be unable to examine all 55.

Weather could also impede the process though Dr Brownlow said conditions had improved since Sunday.

He told BBC Radio's Good Morning Scotland programme: "It's going to be a monumental task.

"There are more animals sadly which are awaiting necropsy now than all of the mass strandings put together for the last decade.

"What we will try and do is triage these animals - we will select those animals that we think best represent the rest of the pod and make sure that we take samples and as much data that we can.

"Then it's simply a race against time, energy and weather. We will do the most that we possibly can to find out what's been going on here."

Pilot whales are known for their strong social bonds, so often when one whale gets into difficulty and strands, the rest follow.

Between 60-70 of the animals came into shallow waters in Sutherland in 2011 while 21 died during a stranding at Pittenweem in 2012.

According to the Natural History Museum, the largest UK stranding took place in 1927 when 126 out of more than 130 false killer whales died in the Dornoch Firth in the Highlands.

There are also accounts of a mass stranding of pilot whales at Dunbar, East Lothian, in May 1950 with some reports saying 147 were found on the beach.

Marine charity British Divers Marine Life Rescue (BDMLR) said the pod on Lewis could have followed a female on to the beach when she became unwell while giving birth - as happened at Staffin on Skye in 2015.

However Dr Brownlow said there are a number of reasons behind strandings and his team will be looking to rule out human impact.

He said: "Pilot whale strandings have happened for centuries - it's not necessarily the case that it's because of human impact.

"But that's one of the things we want to try and investigate and rule out - to see whether or not some of the things that can affect these animals such as underwater noise, interaction with fishing gear, accumulation of toxins or disease may have played a part."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. About 55 whales were stranded on Sunday morning

On Sunday attempts were made to give the surviving whales first aid.

BDMLR attempted to refloat two of the more active whales - one successfully got away but another was later found further down the beach.

The whales are now being moved to a landfill in Stornoway where they will be buried after investigations take place.

Dr Brownlow said whales can be left to decompose on beaches as they form part of the natural nutrient cycle - but it the decision to move them was "understandable" as Traigh Mhor is one of the more popular beaches on the island.

Western Isles Council - Comhairle nan Eilean Siar - has asked people to avoid the area as the operation to remove the whales takes place.

Last year more than 200 of the same species of whales were found stranded on a remote beach on the west coast of Tasmania, Australia.

Dr Brownlow said although 55 whales was a large stranding for Scotland, it was "not unprecedented" - but had nevertheless attracted interest from scientists around the world.

"Although this is pretty grim and a relatively challenging thing to do, you can actually learn a lot from these animals," he said.

"There is interest from all over the world - we've been contacted from the guys in Tasmania who have offered us support and best wishes but are also very interested to know what we find out.

"From the process of examining these animals we can learn a lot about the threats and pressures that affect not just the animals in our waters but globally. So I think there is some value in doing this."

Angus Cloud, who starred on HBO hit series Euphoria has died, aged 25.

Cloud, who played drug dealer Fezco "Fez" O'Neill on the teen drama, died on Monday at his family home in Oakland, California, said a publicist.

"It is with the heaviest heart that we had to say goodbye to an incredible human today," said a statement from Cloud's family.

Cloud buried his father last week, according to family, and was in a "battle with mental health".

"The only comfort we have is knowing Angus is now reunited with his dad, who was his best friend," the statement read.

"We hope that his passing can be a reminder to others that they are not alone and should not fight this on their own in silence."

The cause of death has not been given.

"We are incredibly saddened to learn of the passing of Angus Cloud. He was immensely talented and a beloved part of the HBO and Euphoria family," HBO said in a statement.

"We extend our deepest condolences to his friends and family during this difficult time."

Cloud had minor acting credits in two films, North Hollywood and The Line. He had also appeared in music videos for artists including Becky G, Karol G and Juice WRLD.

But his career really took off after he won the part of Fez, a high school drug dealer in Euphoria.

The role turned Cloud into a breakout star, according to the Hollywood Reporter, and his character was expanded in the second season.

According to a 2019 interview with GQ, Cloud had no real aspirations to become a star, or even an actor.

He used to work at a chicken and waffle joint, according to the magazine, and one day was unexpectedly stopped by an agent from a casting company.

"I was confused and I didn't want to give her my phone number," Cloud told GQ. "I thought it was a scam."

After first airing in June 2019, Euphoria quickly became a hit and by 2022 was the most tweeted-about TV show of the decade in the US.

The main character, played by Zendaya, is a 17-year-old who struggles with drug abuse, seen on screen taking the deadly opioid fentanyl and injecting morphine.

In 2022, Cloud defended accusations during an interview with TMZ that the show glorified drug use.

His Euphoria co-star, Javon "Wanna" Walton, known in the show as Cloud's adoptive brother, Ashtray, wrote on Instagram about Cloud's death: "Rest easy brother."

On X, formerly known as Twitter, California congresswoman Barbara Lee lamented the loss of "Oakland's own".

"His immense talent touched the lives of countless people. His work & legacy will forever live on and make Oakland proud," she posted.

If you have been affected by any of the issues raised you can visit the BBC's Action Line pages, or contact Samaritans.

If you're in the US, call 988, or contact Lifeline.

The King and Queen met eight-year-olds Camilla Nowawakowska and Charles Murray outside St Patrick's Cathedral in Armagh

The King and Queen met another Charles and Camilla as they concluded their two-day visit to Northern Ireland in counties Armagh and Fermanagh.

The royal couple greeted primary school children who had been waiting outside St Patrick's Cathedral in Armagh.

Among them was Camilla Nowawakowska, wearing a crepe-paper replica of her own crown.

Standing next to Camilla was Charles Murray, who was sporting a purple paper crown decorated with shiny stickers.

When the two children told the Queen their first names, she said: "Goodness me, isn't that funny.

"You've got very smart crowns on, they're a little bit lighter than the one I had on.

"They look pretty cool with all the jewels."

Charles was then called over and shook hands with the two children.

The royal couple, who have since left Northern Ireland, had just met the main Christian denominations at the Anglican St Patrick's Cathedral.

Queen Camilla also met children at Armagh Robinson Library as part of her campaign to encourage reading.

Later, they met local community groups many of whom had taken part in the Coronation Big Help Out.

King Charles with the Dean of Armagh, the Very Revd Shane Forster, during his visit to St Patrick's Cathedral in Armagh

Among those to give readings at the cathedral service were Church of Ireland Archbishop of Armagh and Primate of all Ireland Rev John McDowell and Roman Catholic Archbishop of Armagh and Primate of all Ireland Rev Eamon Martin.

The other denominations represented at the service were the Presbyterian Church and the Methodist Church.

At the library, the Queen viewed Jonathan Swift's own, annotated, copy of his book Gulliver's Travels, during her visit to the library.

Children from Drelincourt primary school, volunteers from the library and representatives from Dementia NI, all of whom use the library regularly, were among those meeting the Queen.

She said they were lucky to have access to the historical books in the library.

The royal couple then made their way to Market Theatre Square to see a celebration of culture.

The Queen got up close with the legendary characters associated with Armagh

Ulster-Scots, Irish, Chinese and South Asian cultures featured their traditional music, song and dance.

The King and Queen also met characters representing legendary and historical characters associated with Armagh, sampled local delicacies and met artisanal food producers, as well as speaking to the crowds gathered.

As the couple joined the Lord Mayor of Armagh Paul Greenfield on stage, King Charles addressed the crowd and thanked the community for its hospitality.

"I did just want to say before we leave that it's been the greatest pleasure to join you here today," he said.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by The Royal Family This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. End of twitter post by The Royal Family

"I realise it was 23 years ago since I was last here, and I think opened The Market Place building, which I'm so pleased to see is still going strong and I hope making a huge difference to Armagh.

"But if I may say so it's been particularly special to meet so many of you today, also a large number of school children whose exams, I suspect, we have totally disrupted."

In the afternoon, the pair made their way to Enniskillen Castle where they met representatives from across the community, voluntary and heritage sectors in Fermanagh in celebration of the Coronation.

All smiles as the King greets schoolchildren at Enniskillen Castle

They were entertained by a special joint performance of Irish and Scottish dancers accompanied by traditional musicians.

The King and Queen were presented with a Coronation Basket made by Belleek Pottery.

Around a thousand people who had gathered outside the castle were rewarded by a royal walkabout with the King and Queen spending time shaking hands and talking to the crowd.

The King and Queen also went to Lough Erne's waterfront where they met representatives of the RNLI who marked their 200th anniversary.

A 10m humpback whale has been rescued after becoming entangled in a shark net off Australia’s Gold Coast. Workers used delicate equipment to cut the whale free during the early morning operation. Environmental groups have pushed for the removal of nets during the whale migration season, which sees tens of thousands of the mammals pass Australia’s east coast.

Coverage: Follow live text & radio coverage on the BBC Sport website & app; watch highlights on Sportscene

Kyogo Furuhashi doesn't need to don the cloak and scythe of the grim reaper when he fetches up at Ibrox on Sunday. The bare numbers of his story versus Rangers reveal how much of a bogey man he's been to the Ibrox club.

In the December meeting at Celtic Park, Kyogo had two shots on target and scored with one of them, which turned out to be the decisive goal.

In September at Ibrox, he had just nine touches of the ball in 76 minutes, one of them being the match-winner.

Last April, in a 3-2 win, he had two shots on target and two goals from only 17 touches.

A few months earlier, just when it looked like Rangers were going to win 2-1 at Ibrox, Kyogo poked in the equaliser with two minutes left. It was his only attempt on target. He had 15 touches and was largely anonymous, until he wasn't.

This time last year he was on 26 goals. Now he's on 16.
• None Rodgers has no issue with 'top referee' Beaton
• None What do the numbers tell us about derby?

He's had those Old Firm highs, but it's not been a vintage season for Kyogo. He's missed the service of Jota on one side and Liel Abada on the other, the holy trinity of the Ange Postecoglou years.

He's playing deeper under Rodgers and has suffered from the musical chairs on either side of him, the constant changing of the wide players and the lack of fluency it has brought at times. Some of that has been down to injury.

He'll still occupy the every waking thought of the Rangers defence in the build-up to Sunday.

They all know about his stealth, they've all been burned by his capacity to appear under the thumb for large parts of a game before, metaphorically, breaking free and thumping them in the face. In Kyogo, Celtic will continue to trust.

If Kyogo has inflicted pain on Rangers, then Brendan Rodgers has really been torturer-in-chief.

Fifteen games with 12 victories and only one defeat. A 4-0, a 5-0 and a 5-1. A total of 34 goals scored and only eight conceded. 1,350 minutes played and behind for only 108 of those. Eight clean sheets to Rangers' two.

Even when his team have looked shaky, they've still done the job.

Going into the first meeting of the season, Celtic had drawn with St Johnstone and had lost to Kilmarnock in their previous two games. Rangers smelt blood at Ibrox that day. Celtic won 1-0.

Earlier in December, they lost to Kilmarnock and Hearts before facing Rangers. Philippe Clement's side had gone unbeaten in 16 matches, winning 13, one of which was away to Real Betis in the Europa League. A Betis team who five days before had drawn 1-1 with the Real Madrid of Jude Bellingham, Luka Modric, Toni Kroos and Federico Valverde.

'It wasn't supposed to be like this for prodigal son'

Rodgers' dominance has entered the history books. With an 80% win rate, he has the highest win return of any Old Firm manager in major competitions.

Doubt from the outside world accompanied all the way to kick-off in both of his games against Rangers this season but Rodgers - and Kyogo - came up with the solutions. But there's doubt again now.

This season has not been the Celtic procession that some might have thought it was going to be. Rangers have got their act together while Celtic have bobbed along on choppy waters.

A poor summer transfer window followed by a poor January transfer window. The sound of booing at Celtic Park. The sound of Rodgers having a go at those booing. The endless grief with the Green Brigade. The "good girl" saga that saw Rodgers slammed by a women's campaigning group. The Scottish FA charge - and subsequent touchline ban - for accusing officials of incompetence.

It's been a grind. Five draws and three defeats. Ninetieth-minute wins against Hibs and Motherwell twice. It wasn't supposed to be like this for the prodigal son.

And yet, they're still top of the league, albeit with Rangers having a game in hand.

They've scored more goals than their city rivals, have a higher expected goals count and have created more big chances.

They've not been fluent nearly as often as Rodgers would have liked - he's had some harsh words to say about their negativity and their lack of speed of thought and movement along the way - but they're still there.

And if they win, or even draw, on Sunday you'd make them favourites to win the title because they'll have Rangers at Celtic Park post-split, a Celtic Park that will be heaving to the sound of 60,000 fans getting on the backs of visiting players, many of whom have never closed a deal as big as this one.

Rangers will be encouraged by Callum McGregor's absence since the end of February and hopeful that, even if he is ready to play, then he won't be at his totemic best.

For Rodgers, it's bigger this time. He has never faced this kind of game in Scotland before, a game that if lost could - and most probably would - cost him the title.

That's alien territory for the Celtic manager. In his previous incarnation they'd have been organising the party by now.

It's what makes Sunday so intoxicating. Rodgers, and how he will be viewed by Celtic fans in victory or in defeat, is a drama unto itself. Given their complicated feelings about him, it's a love-in or a pile-on balanced on a knife edge.

All 15 of his Old Firm games have been important, but this one holds more peril than any of the others.

Have your say on Rodgers & Celtic

If the form doesn't load properly, go straight to it here...
• Celtic is bigger and better than ever before - here's everything you need to know to make sure you never miss a moment
• None Everything Celtic - go straight to all the best content

The co-founder and guitarist of Irish rock band The Script, Mark Sheehan, has died.

The 46-year-old died in hospital on Friday following a brief illness, the band announced.

Sheehan formed the group in 2001 alongside vocalist Danny O'Donoghue and drummer Glen Power.

A statement on the band's social media pages said Sheehan was a "much loved husband, father, brother, band mate and friend".

It asked fans to respect the privacy of his family and bandmates.

Ireland's president Michael D Higgins said Sheehan was an "outstanding" example of Irish musical success on the world stage.

"It was a mark of the originality and excellence that Mark and his bandmates in The Script sought that they saw such success across the world, including six number one albums in the UK and a number three album in the United States - a truly remarkable achievement," he said.

Contemporaries of Sheehan's in the entertainment industry were quick to honour his memory.

In a statement posted on Instagram, Irish presenter Laura Whitmore wrote: "Thinking of you all at this time.

"Mark was one of the nicest and most talented men you could meet."

Fellow Irish rock band Kodaline have also paid tribute, posting on Twitter: "So sorry to hear (of) the passing of Mark Sheehan."

In an Instagram tribute, Irish pop duo Jedward said: "Everyone in the Irish music industry and worldwide mourn your loss RIP Mark such a talented musician from The Script one of the most iconic Irish groups of our generation."

Fellow musicians and celebrities have come forward to pay tribute to Mark Sheehan

Sheehan was born on 29 October 1976 in Dublin in Mount Brown in The Liberties area, and was married to Reena Sheehan with whom he had three children.

He was a singer, songwriter and guitarist, and passionate about music from a young age.

From 1996-2001 he was a member of the band Mytown, alongside The Script's frontman O'Donoghue.

The Script started in Dublin in 2001 with Sheehan as guitarist, O'Donoghue as singer songwriter and Power as drummer.

The band moved to London after signing a record contract with Sony Music Group.

It was there that they released their first full album, "We Cry", which went on to reach number one in both Ireland and the UK.

After that their next three albums Science & Faith, #3 and No Sound Without Silence, all topped the album charts in both countries.

Science & Faith reached number three in the United States and number two in Australia.

Since then the band have continued to tour the world and release original music albums, combining Irish themes with pop-rock nuances.

They have been known for their writing from the heart, including "If You Could See Me Now", addressing the death of vocalist O'Donoghue's father and both of Sheehan's parents.

Fans over the last year have wondered why Sheehan had a short break from the stage.

In 2022, Sheehan missed the US leg of the band's tour. O'Donoghue told the media that his bandmate had taken a break to spend time with his family.

He explained to Sunday World that the group were supportive of Sheehan's decision and described them as a "a band of brothers" who "stick together no matter what".

In 2013, The Script had a brush with royalty, when the Queen visited the BBC's Broadcasting House and watched a performance by The Script, briefly chatting with singer O'Donoghue.

Sheehan said when he was told about the royal engagement, he thought "people were playing a joke on us".

The Script are scheduled to support the American artist P!nk during her European tour later this year.

Three people have been arrested by detectives investigating the murder of a woman outside a Merseyside pub on Christmas Eve.

Elle Edwards, 26, was shot in the head while celebrating with friends at The Lighthouse pub in Wallasey Village.

A man and a woman, both 23, were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder, Merseyside Police said.

Thomas Waring, 20, was charged with possession of a prohibited weapon and assisting an offender.

Mr Waring, of Private Drive, Barnston, Wirral, is due to appear at Wirral Adult Remand Court on Thursday.

The man, from Heswall, and woman, from Tranmere, have been released on bail.

Connor Chapman, 22, has already been charged with murdering Ms Edwards and is due to go on trial on 7 June.

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

British Airways is cancelling around 32 flights a day to and from Heathrow Airport at the start of the Easter holidays.

The move is due to a planned 10-day strike by 1,400 Heathrow security workers in the Unite union, who are taking action in a dispute over pay.

BA said it had offered a range of options to affected customers.

Heathrow says contingency plans will be put in place to ensure it can "operate as normal".

Workers at Terminal 5, which is used by British Airways, will take part in the action, as will those who check cargo.

The walkout is due to start on 31 March and end on 9 April. Talks last week failed to avert the action.

BA has been told by the airport to reduce its schedule on those days by 5% and has stopped selling tickets.

In a statement, the airline said: "We've regrettably had to make a small number of adjustments to our schedule.

"We've apologised to customers whose travel plans have been affected and have offered them a range of options, including rebooking onto a new flight with us or another airline, or requesting a full refund."

A Heathrow spokesperson said: "We will not let these unnecessary strikes impact the hard-earned holidays of our passengers."

The airport said it was deploying 1,000 additional staff, together with its management team, who will be in the terminals providing assistance to passengers over the Easter break.

It said it may take "a little longer than usual to get through security", and advised passengers to help ensure a smooth departure by checking their flight status before travelling to the airport, and by having their liquids and electronics ready for security.

Sharon Graham, general secretary of the Unite union, said "our members are simply unable to make ends meet due to the low wages paid by Heathrow. They are being forced to take strike action due to need not greed."

Heathrow says it has offered a 10% pay rise.

Strike action in other countries, notably France, has already caused a number of airlines to cancel flights this year.

Monday's strike in Germany has also caused cancellations.

How will the Heathrow strike affect your plans? You can get in touch by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.
• None Strike action: What do rail workers, nurses and others want?

Fellow Welshman Barry John (left) playing for the Lions with JPR Williams (right) against New Zealand in 1971

Wales rugby legend JPR Williams has called on the sport's chiefs to pay more attention to the links between concussion and the impact on players.

The 1970s star and surgeon spoke as researchers found a link between repeat rugby concussions and reduced blood and oxygen flow to the brain in later life.

The study said it may show why memory, thought processes and co-ordination declined in some ex-players tested.

World Rugby has said it welcomes new research into players' welfare.

Williams, a British and Irish Lion renowned for his toughness on the field in the Welsh game's 1970s golden era, said governing bodies must take more notice of research.

"There is no doubt the generations after us are going to be left worse off than we were," said Williams, 74.

Commenting on the findings of the study, in which he was involved, he said: "I'm not pleased, but it backs up what we felt was the problem."

A separate legal case is ongoing where former players are suing the WRU, RFU and World Rugby, previously known as the International Rugby Board.

The players say they sustained permanent brain injuries in the game.

JPR Williams says the research "backs up what we felt was the problem"

The case will be decided by a judge based on the evidence presented in court.

Thomas Owens, co-lead investigator on the University of South Wales (USW) study, said research found that retired players with a history of concussion had mild cognitive impairment.

"This is a state whereby the cognitive function of these individuals, in term of the way someone thinks, remembers information, processes that information and co-ordinates the body's movements declines over time, and particularly throughout ageing".

He said this put them at "increased risk of developing neurodegenerative diseases later in life".

But the researchers said not everyone who played contact sports would go on to develop cognitive decline.

Williams said he had no concerns for his health but his generation was worried about neurodegenerative diseases.

Former Bridgend captain Meredydd James has undergone tests as part of the research

He is particularly concerned about the generations that came after him, especially given the intensity of the game now.

Williams said: "I had been an orthopaedic surgeon for 35 years. I thought it was good to get involved because of the concern about lots of sports having problems with concussion".

He cited "serious worries, particularly with the laws of the game now, where they stand right on top of each other".

"There seems to be a bit of a conflict between the laws, and the early onset of cognitive degeneration," he said.

He said cognitive health was not really known about when he played, but much less time was spent training.

"The game was amateur, we only probably had physical contact once a week. Now they have it every day, the brain needs time to recover, it's like any organ in the body, it is quite a worry, it's repetitive, not even huge bangs but repetitive small injuries to the brain can be a problem in later life."

The 55-cap full-back wants the game to return to how it was in the 1970s, with more space for players, "to decrease the ferocity of the hits". He also wants reduced tackling and contact in training.

He urged governing bodies "to take more notice than they do" of studies such as this.

Williams reflected on an infamous moment of his career when he was stamped on by New Zealand prop John Ashworth while playing for Bridgend against the All Blacks in 1978.

Knowing what he knows now, he probably would not have returned to the field after having his face stitched up by his father at the side of the pitch.

Scientists at USW's neurovascular research laboratory analysed the brain health of 20 retired players aged between 60 and 80 who had suffered concussions.

For the first time, researchers found they had reduced blood and oxygen flow to the brain due to less nitric oxide, which helps blood vessels regulate blood around the body.

Some exhibited signs of mild cognitive impairment and all were outperformed by the control group in cognitive function tests.

The researchers said this was the first study to determine mechanisms that may cause cognitive decline and has implications for other contact sports.

It is hoped the research may contribute to improving protection for players and help with the introduction of pitch-side blood or saliva tests for concussion.

JPR Williams (third from right) with fellow ex-rugby stars at the launch of BBC Wales series Slammed

Mr Owens said: "It's important to note that we don't want to stop players playing rugby, but we want to make them inherently aware of the risks associated with forms of brain trauma and concussion.

"Make them aware, improve the way that we detect concussion at the pitchside and then improve the way we care for players following retirement."

Former Bridgend RFC captain Meredydd James also took part in the study, and said there was no knowledge about the dangers of concussion in his era, but he started to feel the effects later in life.

"Initially you have some aches and pains, I used to have a bit of back trouble," he said.

"I think for the first 20, 30 years you just go along with it and you can't say it was definitely related to rugby.

"But I think when you get to 55-plus, a little bit of memory loss, perhaps the recall, perhaps balance, those are some things starting to kick in, and you think: 'Concussion, dementia could it be something like that'?"

There are other studies taking place investigating the health of former players. Lifestyle changes, including poor diet, alcohol dependency and lack of exercise may also accelerate the cognitive decline of former athletes.

USW researchers said they recognised this study had limitations in the relatively small sample size and it relies on participants remembering past concussions.

But they are aiming to carry out a larger study and investigate the potential differences in brain health between male and female athletes in contact sports.

World Rugby previously said it "welcomes all research that can inform and support our recently launched strategy to cement rugby as the most progressive sport on player welfare" and undertook "a wide-ranging evaluation of contact training".

In 2021 it said: "It is at the heart of everything that we say and do as a sport. World Rugby recently committed to double our investment in player welfare and new concussion research and initiatives."

The WRU has been asked to comment.

A ban on fees to get rid of DIY waste in England will push up costs for all households, councils have warned.

Currently around a third of local authorities charge to dispose of DIY waste at recycling centres.

The government said the ban, which is expected to come into force later this year, aims to deter fly-tipping.

But the Local Government Association (LGA) said the costs would still be passed on, for example through higher council tax.

The organisation, which represents councils in England, said the change would cost many councils more than £1m a year.

Suffolk County Council said scrapping the charges would cost an estimated £500,000 a year, while Norfolk County Council said the cost would be more than £1m a year.

Charges to dispose of materials like paving slabs, plasterboard and bricks can be up to £10 an item.

The LGA's environment spokesman, Darren Rodwell, said: "Where councils are no longer able to charge for DIY waste at recycling centres the cost will be passed to all householders, including households that do not have a car and those with no possibility of carrying out building works, for example people living in rented accommodation."

He added: "Manufacturers should also contribute to the costs to councils of clear up, by providing more take-back services so people can hand in sofas, old furniture and mattresses when they buy new ones."

The government said the change was part of its wider action to tackle fly-tipping, which costs the economy an estimated £924m a year in England.

However, Mr Rodwell said evidence from councils and recycling campaign group Wrap did not show a link between charges and fly-tipping.

Environment Minister Rebecca Pow said: "We want to make it as easy as possible for people to dispose of their waste properly and that's why we are removing the financial burden on doing the right thing with DIY trash."

Jacob Hayler, executive director of the Environmental Services Association, which represents the waste management industry, said: "We welcome any measures that make it easier for householders to dispose of waste correctly and responsibly at their local Household Waste Recycling Centre, which in turn reduces the chance of it falling into the hands of criminals or being fly-tipped."

In 2015, the government banned charges on local residents disposing of household rubbish at household waste centres.

Guidance made clear this includes DIY household waste. But some local authorities were still able to charge for certain types of DIY material, under rules designed for construction waste.

Sign up for our UK morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

University of Edinburgh student Romy Ulvestad died at her parents' London home four days after her 21st birthday.

She had killed herself after staff failed to provide additional support, despite repeated warnings that she was struggling with her mental health.

Now her mother is adding her support to a campaign for the UK government to create legal duty of care for students.

The university, which apologised for failing Romy, said it had improved the support it offers since her death.

Libby Kitson, Romy's mother, has joined calls for Westminster to change the law to better protect students, and hopes the Scottish government will follow suit.

The petition to the UK government is being supported by 25 bereaved families, who have come together and set up The LEARN Network.

It reached more than 127,000 signatures before the deadline at midnight on Mothers' Day, meaning Parliament will consider the subject for debate.

Speaking to BBC Scotland, Ms Kitson said she did not know that her daughter was struggling with her mental health when she returned to London during the Covid lockdown in 2020.

"Her father and I had no idea about her mental health struggles but they had been well-flagged to people at the University of Edinburgh who could have done something about it," she said.

"I sent Romy to off to university to study classics, which would be a pivotal point for the rest of her life. What I didn't expect to do was send her off to university to die."

Romy, a classics student and part-time model, died in April 2020, more than a year after she communicated with the university about her struggles by requesting a "special circumstances" application to resit her exams without penalty.

Ms Kitson said: "We want there to be a legal duty of care within all higher education institutions, and I think some people, including our government, seem to think there is some legal requirement in place but there really isn't.

"You want to know that if your child is suffering with any kind of mental health issues, or is overwhelmed by university life, there are people there who are trained and skilled to help deal with it.

"And if they really, really are in a state of crisis you would want to be informed."

Libby Kitson hopes the Scottish government will legislate after the UK government

Campaigners from ForThe100 want a change in law to ensure higher education institutions have a legal duty of care towards their students, as schools already do.

The Department of Education has said creating a legally enforced duty of care "would be a disproportionate response".

Ms Kitson said the campaign was not looking to provide a means for families to sue universities, but to prevent similar deaths.

She said she did not want any other parent to have to go through the same situation.

"We would hope that the Scottish Parliament would look at England and Wales and think 'they've led by example, we should follow suit'," she said.

"A Scottish student's life is no less important."

A University of Edinburgh spokeswoman said it had been "shocked and deeply saddened by what happened" to Romy and "deeply sorry" for the gaps in support given to her.

"Supporting our students' mental health and ensuring their wellbeing is our absolute priority," she said. "Our support policies and practices are under regular review as we continue to focus and improve upon our mental health support provision and provide the best possible environment for our students."

Students at the university now have access to a "named-contact relationship" with staff trained in wellbeing and mental health, alongside other support services.

The spokeswoman added: "We continue to engage with students through both the Students' Association and the Sports Union to identify how best we can shape and develop our services to support students most effectively.

"We work closely with the three other universities in Edinburgh and NHS mental health colleagues to improve pathways into specialist mental health services for students."

The Department for Education previously responded to the petition by saying that higher education providers already had a "general duty of care not to cause harm to their students through their own actions".

A spokesperson said: "We acknowledge the profound and lasting impact a young person's suicide has upon their family and friends, and know among the petitioners there are those who have personal experience of these devastating, tragic events.

"[However] we... feel further legislation to create a statutory duty of care, where such a duty already exists, would be a disproportionate response."

In a response to the petition, the Scottish government said: ''We are determined to support the mental health of all students. Over the last three years we have invested £11.5m to introduce additional counsellors in colleges and universities''.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Right, we'll be back here at 10:45 BST for day four at Wimbledon.

It's going to be a classic with Briton Liam Broady, playing Casper Ruud, first up on Centre Court.

And then, tomorrow evening, two-time winner Andy Murray takes on fifth seed Stefanos Tsitsipas in the second round.

We'll see you then, take care!

Levi Davis was last seen in Barcelona on 29 October - witnesses say they saw a man in the water of the city's port the next morning

Spanish police have said they are investigating the possibility that missing British rugby player Levi Davis drowned.

Levi was 24 years old when he disappeared in Barcelona shortly after arriving in the city from Ibiza by boat.

He has not been heard from since the last confirmed sighting on 29 October.

Mossos d'Esquadra - Catalan Police - told the BBC its main theory is that Levi fell into the sea.

Police divers can be seen in the clip entering the waters close to where Levi is thought to have disappeared.

The force previously confirmed it had received reports from cruise ship staff who said they saw a man in the water on the morning of 30 October.

Levi's mobile phone was last located in the port area that morning, and his passport was found there in November after his disappearance was reported.

Detectives previously said they were trying to establish whether there was any criminal involvement in Levi's disappearance.

In its latest statement, Mossos d'Esquadra said the new search was trying to find "any evidence that could confirm the theory of a possible accidental death".

However, it said the case remained open and the latest developments were in response to new information.

A spokesperson said the force was keeping in "constant" contact with Levi's family.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Levi's mum has shared the last video message from him sent just hours before he disappeared

Levi, who had played rugby for Bath and Worthing, appeared on Celebrity X-Factor in 2019.

He'd signed a record deal and was due to release his second single last November.

Before his disappearance, he'd spent about two weeks staying with a friend in Ibiza before heading to Barcelona.

He was recorded on CCTV outside the Old Irish Pub in the city centre, and sent several voice notes and messages before contact was lost the next morning.

Levi's mum Julie Davis, from Solihull in the West Midlands, has previously criticised the speed of the investigation.

More recently, she has urged people not to spread conspiracy theories about his disappearance online.

Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 weekdays - or listen back here.

Alberta has declared a state of emergency after wildfires spread across the western Canadian province, driving nearly 25,000 people from their homes.

Faced with more than 100 wildfires, Alberta's Premier Danielle Smith called the situation "unprecedented".

Residents of Edson, a town of more than 8,000, were told to leave immediately.

Ms Smith said a hot, dry spring had created "so much kindling" and some 122,000 hectares (301,000 acres) had burned so far.

Many of the fires are burning out of control, fanned by strong winds.

The worst-hit areas include Drayton Valley, about 140km (87 miles) west of the provincial capital Edmonton, and Fox Lake, some 550km north of the city, where 20 homes were consumed by fire.

Firefighting helicopters and air tankers have been brought in and the federal government has offered assistance from Ottawa.

Edmonton Expo Centre is accommodating more than 1,000 evacuees and in the town of High Level a curling rink is being turned into a temporary shelter.

Alberta is a major oil-producing region, but so far oil facilities do not appear to be in immediate danger.
• None Are wildfires happening more often?

Artian Lushaku died four days after he was struck by a car in the north of Glasgow

A 13-year-old boy has died four days after being hit by a car in Glasgow.

Artian Lushaku was critically injured when he was struck by a Toyota Aygo on Balmore Road, in the city's Lambhill area, at about 17:55 on Wednesday.

Police Scotland said he died from his injuries at the Royal Hospital for Children on Sunday.

Officers urged anyone who witnessed the incident to come forward and said they were particularly keen to speak to the driver of a white van.

Sgt Nicholas Twigg said: "This is a deeply distressing time for Artian's family as they try to come to terms with his death.

"It's imperative we establish the full circumstances of the collision and our investigation remains ongoing.

"We are keen to hear from the driver of a white van who was in the area around the time of the incident and we would ask them to get in touch with us as we believe they could assist with our ongoing investigation."

Artian had been a pupil at Cleveden Secondary School for two years.

Headteacher Claire Wilson said the school community was devastated by his death and said the 13-year-old was loved by everyone who knew him.

She said: "He has left such a mark on our school with his confident, outgoing, friendly, caring and enthusiastic nature. Artian brought a sense of fun to anything he set his mind to.

"He will also be remembered for his sporting talents, and we will all miss him.

"The awful events of last week have been a shock to everyone and our thoughts and loving prayers are with Artian's family and friends at this deeply distressing time.

"We will do everything we can to support our school community over the coming days and months."
• None Boy, 13, critical after being hit by car

The closing speeches of the Agreement 25 conference hailed the renewal of relationships between London, Dublin and Brussels.

Rishi Sunak described his Irish counterpart Leo Varadkar as “my friend”, and paid tribute to the European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen for helping create the “breakthrough moment” of the Windsor Framework.

Von der Leyen underlined the improvement of UK-EU relations since Sunak became prime minister, saying “we agreed to focus on the road ahead, rather than past disagreements”.

Varadkar noted an observation made by many involved in the peace process in recent weeks - that “Northern Ireland works best when the British and Irish governments work together”.

Varadkar and Sunak echoed each other in referring to the late David Trimble’s Nobel Peace Prize acceptance speech - referring to hills ahead, but mountains behind.

The theme was clear - the difficult relations in the years following the Brexit referendum were now in the past.

The strengthening of bonds between international leaders may help increase the pressure for a restoration of Northern Ireland’s devolved government.

But ultimately Sunak, Varadkar and von der Leyen do not have the power to bring back power-sharing in Belfast.

The rules of cross-community consensus in the peace settlement mean a Stormont Executive can be formed only when unionists and nationalists agree to take part together - and there is no imminent sign the Democratic Unionist Party is planning to lift its veto.

Aldi, Lidl and Asda have joined rival supermarkets Sainsbury's and Tesco in cutting the price of milk by at least 5p.

The retailers are reducing the price of a pint to 90p, in order to match other grocers.

While the drop will be welcomed by people struggling with higher living costs, milk still costs more than double the average price before Covid.

In March 2020, a pint of milk was around 43p, according to official data.

All five supermarkets have confirmed the reductions in price will not affect how much they pay farmers.

Tesco said it made the decision because its costs for buying in milk had fallen.

Asda said that it had taken "swift action to reduce the price of milk as commodity prices have eased".

Arla, the UK's largest dairy producer, said in March that the wholesale price of milk was already expected to fall by around 5.3p per litre this month because of rising supplies and falling demand from cost-conscious shoppers.

The move comes at a time when food inflation is at its highest level since 1978. The latest official data shows that food prices increased by 18.2% in the year to February.

Milk alone has risen by 43% in price over the same period, one of many staples, including cheese and eggs, which have surged in cost and squeezed household budgets.

Some analysts have suggested that supermarkets reducing their prices is a possible sign that hikes in the cost of a weekly shop could be starting to ease.

Arthur Fearnall, a farmer and board director at Arla Foods, said: "While some prices for dairy categories are seeing early signs of levelling out, the severity of the on-going cost of living crisis and volatile economic environment is continuing to negatively impact consumer demand for both conventional and organic milk."

Paul Savage, agriculture director at Arla, said milk supplies in the UK rose by 3.2% in March compared to the same month last year. "When coupled with a decline in dairy consumption and an overall decline in shopping spending, with 75% of people cutting expenditure on food, this is creating a change in the supply and demand of milk," he said.

Sainsbury's said with "costs going up, we are working hard to keep prices low, especially on the everyday essentials people buy the most".

Recent research revealed nine out of 10 shoppers reported feeling concerned about rising food prices, according to Barclays.

Around 62% said they were finding ways to reduce the cost of their weekly shop, a report showed.

On Thursday, Tesco announced its full-year results and admitted that customers had faced "an incredibly tough year" with prices soaring.

Tesco's chief executive Ken Murphy said that he expected prices to keep rising throughout the first half of this year but they would then "moderate".

Tesco said that while its full-year sales had risen by 7% to £66bn, pre-tax profits dropped 51% to £1bn. It said it had faced "unprecedented" rises in prices charged by its suppliers.

Separately, Sainsbury's has announced a major restructuring of how its logistics operations work, affecting around 7,000 staff throughout the country.

The company said that no one would lose their job or get moved to worse contractual terms.

The Duke of Sussex has blamed alleged illegal intrusion into his private life by journalists for the break-up of his relationship with Chelsy Davy.

In a witness statement, Prince Harry claimed Ms Davy decided that "a royal life was not for her" following repeated acts of harassment.

The claims emerged in a High Court case against Mirror Group Newspapers brought by several high profile figures.

MGN denies allegations of voicemail interception in the cases.

It also claimed some of the cases being brought are beyond a legal time limit.

Ms Davy and Prince Harry were in an on-off relationship between 2004 and 2010.

In a summary of his witness statement, the duke's lawyers alleged unlawful activity "caused great challenges" in the relationship, and led Ms Davy to decide that "a Royal life was not for her".

This included journalists booking into a hotel in Bazaruto, a small island off the coast of Mozambique, where Harry and Ms Davy had tried to escape to in order to "enjoy some peace and quiet", the document reads.

The lawyers also said that mobile phonecalling data to be used in the trial shows that Ms Davy was targeted for voicemail interception between 2007 and 2009.

The activities caused him "huge distress" and "presented very real security concerns for not only me but also everyone around me", he said, adding that they also created "a huge amount of paranoia" in future relationships.

"Every time he was in a relationship, or even a rumoured relationship, that whole person's family, and often their friends, would be 'dragged into the chaos' and find themselves the subject of unlawful activity on the part of MGN," lawyers said.

Prince Harry's lawyers allege that his mobile phone number was recorded in a handheld device belonging to "prolific hacker and head of news at the Sunday Mirror" Nick Buckley.

The prince is also expected to allege that he experienced what was, in hindsight, voicemail interception in relation to 30 people with whom he had a close relationship.

He is expected to give evidence in June - the first time a senior royal will be a witness in court in modern times.

MGN has not admitted to any of the charges, although it said it "unreservedly apologises" for a separate instance of unlawful information-gathering against Harry and said that the legal challenge brought by the prince "warrants compensation".

The article that incident referred to - regarding an MGN journalist instructing a private investigator to unlawfully gather information about Harry's activities at the Chinawhite nightclub on one night in February 2004 - is not one of the claims being brought by the prince.

MGN said it would never be repeated.

In written submissions, MGN's barrister, Andrew Green KC, said the publisher denied that 28 of the 33 articles in Harry's claim involved phone hacking or other unlawful information gathering.

He said that stories came from a variety of other sources - including other members of the Royal Family.

Mr Green added that it was "not admitted" that five of the 33 articles contained unlawful information gathering.

Other celebrities have brought claims against MGN, with "test cases" - including Prince Harry's - selected to go to trial from the wider group of claimants.

They include that of former Coronation Street actress Nikki Sanderson, comedian Paul Whitehouse's ex-wife Fiona Wightman and actor Michael Turner - who played Kevin Webster in Coronation Street and goes by his stage name Michael Le Vell. All are expected to give evidence during the six- to seven-week trial.

The court heard that Ms Sanderson felt like she was "public property" and experienced abuse in the street following "false insinuations" in articles published by MGN.

"[She had] people shouting at her in the street calling her a 'whore', 'slag' or 'slut' and even being physically assaulted on numerous occasions," barrister David Sherborne said.

Mr Turner was accused by fellow cast members of being a "mole" amid alleged phone hacking, the court heard.

The hearing is focusing on what senior executives at MGN knew about alleged phone hacking - including TV host Piers Morgan, who was editor of the Daily Mirror between 1995 and 2004.

Mr Sherborne told the court that unlawful information gathering was both habitual and widespread at three papers - the Mirror, Sunday Mirror and Sunday People - between 1991 and 2011.

He described "a flood of illegality", adding that "this flood was being authorised and approved of" by senior executives.

The barrister also accused executives of misleading the Leveson inquiry - the inquiry into the practices, culture and ethics of the press - something it denies.

In written arguments, Mr Sherborne said it was "inconceivable" that Mr Morgan and other editors did not know about MGN journalists instructing private investigators to obtain information.

"The systemic and widespread use of PIs [private investigators] by MGN journalists to unlawfully obtain private information was authorised at senior levels," Mr Sherborne, who is also representing the duke, said.

Mr Morgan has repeatedly denied any knowledge of phone hacking or illegal activity at the Daily Mirror when he was editor.

"I've never hacked a phone. I've never told anybody to hack a phone," he told the BBC's Amol Rajan in an interview conducted before the trial began.

MGN has previously settled a number of claims against it in relation to stories obtained through unlawful means.

Read the latest from our royal correspondent Sean Coughlan - sign up here.

"See you there, love bugs," said the singer

US singer Pink has announced she will kick off her 2024 UK tour in Cardiff.

The Grammy-winning star announced on Tuesday that she is to play Principality Stadium on 11 June next year.

The gig will mark five years since she last played there.

The 44-year-old said she was excited to be back in Wales during the month that the stadium celebrates its quarter-century.

"Starting the tour in Cardiff is going to be so fun," said Pink.

"It's been way too long since I've been in Wales and to celebrate the 25th anniversary of this amazing venue is going to make it even more special.

The announcement means it is going to be a busy few months for the stadium

"See you there, love bugs," she added.

Tickets for the Cardiff leg of Pink's Summer Carnival tour will go on pre-sale from Monday 27 November at 10:00 GMT and then on general sale from Thursday, 30 November at the same time.

The announcement means 2024 is already shaping up as a busy year for the Principality Stadium, with concerts by Bruce Springsteen, Taylor Swift and Foo Fighters all taking place throughout May and June.

Last updated on .From the section Millwall

Millwall's owner and chairman John Berylson died from injuries sustained after his car overturned and hit a tree in the United States.

Police in Falmouth, Massachusetts, say no other vehicle was involved in the crash on Tuesday.

Emergency services responded shortly before 08:00 local time and found Berylson, the sole occupant, trapped inside the car.

The 70-year-old was pronounced dead at the scene.

The cause of the crash - described by Millwall as a "tragic accident" - remains under investigation.

American businessman Berylson became a significant shareholder of Millwall in 2007 after he led a consortium which invested in the south-east London club, then in League One, and became chairman in October that year.

The Championship side hailed him as "a person of such remarkable generosity, warmth, and kindness", while former players and rival clubs have also paid tribute.

Falmouth Police Department said preliminary investigations into the crash showed that Berylson was driving his Range Rover south on Sippewissett Road in Falmouth, a coastal town on Cape Cod, when it lost control on a curve and left the road.

The car then rolled over into a ravine and came to rest against a tree.

Berylson was trapped inside the vehicle and was "extricated by mechanical means". He subsequently "succumbed to injuries received in the crash".

The crash is being investigated by the Falmouth Police Department and the Massachusetts State Police.

Berylson, who lived in Wellesley Hills in Greater Boston, is survived by wife Amy and children Jennifer, James, and Elizabeth.

A US policeman who saved a driver from a fiery crash has been hailed a hero. Sergeant Ashley Taylor was called to Highway 46 in southern Georgia after reports a car had veered off the road. Bodycam footage shows him running to the scene of the crash, smashing the car windows and pulling a woman to safety despite the growing flames. Local media reported the driver was having a medical emergency and is expected to make a full recovery.

Kathleen Poole faces deportation from Sweden despite living in the country for nearly two decades

A pensioner with Alzheimer's faces being split from her family and deported to the UK from Sweden, after nearly two decades in the country.

Sweden has ordered British-born Kathleen Poole, 74, to leave after her application to remain in the country post-Brexit was not accepted, her family told the BBC.

They said it was "disgraceful" Sweden wants to deport the grandmother.

The Swedish government said authorities are in contact with the family.

Mrs Poole - who moved from Macclesfield, Cheshire, nearly two decades ago to Sweden to be closer to her family - is currently bedbound and receives round-the-clock care in a home where she has been living for the last 10 years.

The grandmother-of-four's family was told in September 2022 she would be deported, despite making her application for Swedish residence status before the December 2021 deadline brought about by the EU-UK Withdrawal Agreement.

Her family said her application was rejected because she did not have a valid British passport - which they said she did not need as she could not travel due to her poor health - and despite sick notes from doctors.

Speaking to the BBC, daughter-in-law Angelica said: "I sent six doctors' notes. I sent personal letters explaining the situation and it wasn't good enough.

"In the end they said 'sorry' you have to leave the country.

"Then they wanted us to book her a flight to the UK, which we refused. So now the British embassy are having to look for accommodation and the police are on their backs.

"I think it's disgraceful really how you can deport somebody who is sick and take her from her family. She's one of the nicest people you will ever meet."

The family are now hoping a sick note from a doctor, who has visited Mrs Poole in person at her care home, will persuade the Swedish Migration Agency to reopen the case. But in the meantime, Angelica said her children remain worried sick that the grandmother may be sent away from them.

"It's not human to split somebody bedridden from her family," Angelica added.

"All this is due to Brexit. The way I see it she's lived here for 19 years this year."

The grandmother-of-four has been living in a care home in Sweden for the last ten years

MP Hilary Benn, former Brexit Select Committee chair, has urged the UK foreign secretary, James Cleverly, to intervene in the case.

He said: "The continuing threat by the Swedish authorities to deport this frail elderly woman is heartless and inexplicable.

"It is also in clear breach of the EU/UK Withdrawal Agreement which promised to protect citizens' rights."

The follow-on legislation from Brexit, which ended freedom of movement, allowed EU citizens resident in Britain to apply to permanently live in the UK. Some EU nations also opted for this system to allow Britons to remain resident in their country.

David Milstead, part of the British in Sweden campaign group, told the BBC he was disappointed but not surprised by Mrs Poole's case and that the UK and European Commission needed to look at the wider issue in the Scandinavian nation.

He said: "Sweden's approach to implementing the Withdrawal Agreement has led to a lot of long-standing residents being forced out of their homes.

"Sweden has issued more deportation notices to UK nationals during 2021-2022 than any other EU country.

"This is in spite of the Withdrawal Agreement containing protections that should ensure that people like Mrs Poole get to stay. These protections clearly aren't working."

Sweden has expelled 1,100 British nationals since Brexit, according to the Guardian, which first reported Mrs Poole's case.

Jane Golding, chair of the British in Europe group and a Berlin-based lawyer, has written to the European Commission about Mrs Poole and said she understands they are following up the case with Swedish authorities.

She told the BBC: "The problem that Kathleen Poole's family has come up against is that the UK and some EU countries including Sweden, decided to go for a system where citizens had to reapply for their status post-Brexit.

"We warned that it would be vulnerable and elderly people who would suffer as a result. People like Kathleen Poole - someone who has lived in another country for years and whose residence now depends on a successful application and is not capable of making the application herself.

"Each EU country implements the Withdrawal Agreement nationally and there are differences in approach. That is why guidance across the EU on cases involving the vulnerable and elderly who have problems applying would help."

In a statement, Sweden's Minister of Migration Maria Malmer Stenergard said: "Decisions related to residence applications are applied directly by the Swedish state agencies and courts in line with the EU-UK Withdrawal Agreement.

"As laid down in the constitution, the Swedish government is not permitted to interfere in or comment on individual decisions taken by these independent state bodies.

"With regard to the case in question, I have been informed that the Swedish Migration Agency is in contact with the family concerning additional information."

A UK Foreign Office spokesperson said: "We are supporting a British woman and her family in Sweden."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Biden spells out new path for student loan relief

The US Supreme Court has struck down US President Joe Biden's proposal to wipe out billions in student debt.

The 6-3 ruling effectively cancels the plan, which would have forgiven about $10,000 (£7,800) per borrower - and up to $20,000 in some cases.

The decision affects the loans of more than 40 million Americans.

It has left the US public "angry," Mr Biden said. He pledged to put in place new measures to reduce university debt using other existing laws.

The loan forgiveness plan has been in limbo since some conservative states sued, arguing the president overstepped his authority. The Supreme Court agreed.

In the wake of the decision, Mr Biden spoke from the White House, saying: "I know there are millions of Americans in this country who feel disappointed and discouraged or even a little bit angry. I must admit I do too."

But he vowed to work with the Department of Education to find other means to help people ease the financial burden.

"Today's decision has closed one path. Now we're going to start another," he said.

The total federal student debt has more than tripled over the past 15 years, rising from about $500bn in 2007 to $1.6tn today.

Last year, the US Treasury took a $430bn charge to cover $300m in costs associated with the loan forgiveness programme, as well as additional costs associated with an extension of a Covid-era moratorium on payments through the end of the year.

The Biden administration faced plaintiffs in two separate cases, one involving six Republican-led states - Nebraska, Missouri, Arkansas, Iowa, Kansas and South Carolina - and the other involving two individual student loan borrowers.

In both cases, plaintiffs argued the executive branch did not have the power to so broadly cancel student debt.

The Supreme Court ruled the two individual borrowers did not persuasively argue they would be harmed by the loan forgiveness plan, effectively ruling that they had no legal standing to challenge the Biden administration's proposal.

During arguments in February, the Biden administration said that under a 2003 law known as the Higher Education Relief Opportunities for Students Act, or Heroes Act, it had the power to "waive or modify" loan provisions to protect borrowers affected by "a war or other military operation or national emergency".

In its ruling, the Supreme Court ruled that while the act allows Mr Biden's education secretary, Miguel Cardona, to "make modest adjustments and additions to existing provisions, not transform them".

Justice John Roberts wrote that the modifications made by the Biden administration "created a novel and fundamentally different" loan forgiveness programme that "expanded forgiveness to nearly every borrower" in the US.

He added that the administration's use of the Heroes Act "does not remotely resemble how it has been used on prior occasions".

The high court's ruling fell along ideological lines, with its three liberal judges dissenting.

In her dissent, Justice Elena Kagan wrote that "the result here is that the court substitutes itself for Congress and the Executive Branch in making national policy about student-loan forgiveness".

"Congress authorised the forgiveness plan... the [education secretary] put it in place; and the president would have been accountable for its success or failure," she wrote.

"But this court today decides that some 40 million Americans will not receive the benefits of the plan (so says the court) that assistance is too 'significant'".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The White House had previously estimated that almost 90% of US student borrowers would have qualified for relief under the plan.

"This decision is going to impact a lot of people in this country. But it's disproportionately going to impact people who are already historically marginalised," Ranen Miao, a 22-year-old recent graduate told BBC News outside the Supreme Court.

"The people who take out student loans are not the children of millionaires and billionaires. They're the children of working families," added Mr Miao, who declined to disclose how much student debt he has.

Clegg Ivey told CBS, the BBC's US partner, the Supreme Court had "made the right decision" and that he disagreed with the Biden administration's approach to the issue.

"I have student loans and I certainly would have benefited," he said. "But if that's what we want, let's talk to our congressman. Congress... should actually do its job."

Polling data shows that support for the student loan forgiveness proposal largely fell along political lines.

One poll conducted by Marquette Law School in May found that 31% of Republicans favoured the proposal, compared to 69% of independents and 87% of Democrats.

The Supreme Court's ruling on Friday was swiftly applauded by senior Republican lawmakers.

House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said the loan initiative is "unlawful" and would mean that Americans without student loans "are no longer forced" to pay for those who do.

In total, approximately 43 million people in the US owe money for student loans - or about one-in-six US adults with at least some post-secondary education.

Federal reserve data shows that the median student loan is about $17,000. About 17% of borrowers owe less than $10,000, while about 7% owe over $100,000.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Among those on the high end of the debt spectrum is Satra Taylor, a part-time student and campaigner for the group Young Invincibles who owes about $103,000. She told the BBC she expects the figure to grow as she continues a doctoral programme.

"My family does not come from generational wealth. I had no other option but to take out student loans to ensure I could put food on my table and pay my rent," she said.

"I'm deeply saddened by this decision... but I'm also hopeful that President Biden will ensure student debt cancellation happens."

Tim Westwood worked for BBC Radio 1 for nearly 20 years

Former Radio 1 DJ Tim Westwood has been questioned for a third time under police caution over alleged sex offences, BBC News understands.

In a statement, the Metropolitan Police confirmed they are investigating five accusations of non-recent sexual offences, alleged to have taken place in London between 1982 and 2016.

Detectives say they interviewed a 65-year-old man under caution on 15 March, 4 April, and 11 July this year.

There has been no arrest.

This comes after BBC News and Guardian investigations uncovered multiple allegations from 18 women of serious sexual misconduct and abuse by Tim Westwood. He denied those allegations.

In April 2022, a number of women accused Mr Westwood, who also worked as a DJ on BBC Radio 1Xtra, of predatory and unwanted sexual behaviour and touching, in incidents between 1992 and 2017.

They also accused him of abusing his position in the music industry. Some of the women told BBC News they encountered Mr Westwood when they were under 18. One said that she was only 14 when Mr Westwood first had sex with her.

The DJ stepped down from his Capital Xtra radio show in April last year.

An external report, by KC Gemma White, looking at what the BBC did and did not know about Mr Westwood's conduct during his near 20-year employment with the corporation, is due to be published this year.

BBC News has tried to contact Mr Westwood for comment.

Stephen Tompkinson told his trial he had acted in self-defence

Actor Stephen Tompkinson has been found not guilty of causing grievous bodily harm to a drunken man making noise outside his home.

The 57-year-old actor was accused of punching the man in the early hours of 30 May 2021 in Whitley Bay, North Tyneside.

Newcastle Crown Court had heard Mr Tompkinson's actions caused Karl Poole to fall and fracture his skull.

The DCI Banks star said he acted in self-defence.

Prosecutors claimed he had "snapped" and "lashed out" at Mr Poole in "disgust" at his behaviour.

But Mr Tompkinson told jurors the contact "wasn't enough to knock a sober man off his feet".

Mr Tompkinson nodded but showed no visible emotion when the verdict was announced following just under two hours of jury deliberations.

Asked for his reaction as he was leaving court, he told reporters: "I just want to go home."

The trial heard Mr Poole and his friend Andrew Hall had been drinking since midnight that bank holiday Sunday and had gone to the beach before walking back.

Mr Tompkinson, who was living with his partner and her seven-year-old son at the time, heard "strange noises" at about 05:30 BST.

Jurors were told he called 999 after seeing the two men try to stand up and fall several times while drinking from a bottle of Jagermeister at the bottom of the driveway.

While waiting to be connected, Mr Tompkinson went outside wearing pyjamas and a dressing gown and told the "heavily intoxicated" men who he was calling.

He said the pair "took great objection to me complaining about them being there" and had started to move towards him.

Karl Poole had told the court he suffered a brain injury after his head hit the pavement

Neighbour Caroline Davidson, who was watching from her bedroom window, told the court she saw Mr Tompkinson slap and punch Mr Poole, causing him to stumble and fall backwards, hitting his head on the ground.

However, Mr Tompkinson, who was born in Stockton-on-Tees, said he could not have punched him because he was holding his phone.

"I didn't want to hurt him, I wanted to stop him to change his mind about coming towards me and further on to my property," he said giving evidence.

He told jurors punching a drunk man would have been "career suicide" and that he had already lost acting work since being charged.

He told the court he was "not responsible" for the brain injuries Mr Poole sustained but that he accepted some accountability.

In his closing speech, prosecutor Michael Bunch had said the actor was "an expert in playing a part" and his "obvious talent makes him convincing in putting across a story".

Speaking after the jury delivered its verdict, Mr Poole said he was shocked and disappointed.

Follow BBC North East & Cumbria on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Send your story ideas to northeastandcumbria@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Local Mississippi TV station WAPT spoke to Rolling Fork resident Shanta Howard who said it was a fight for life.

“We had to help dead bodies out of the house, so that is very disturbing,” she told WAPT.

Another resident Andy Anderson said he and his wife ran to take shelter.

“Ran down to the tub in the bathroom with my wife (and) threw pillows on top of us,” he said.

Meanwhile, local news station WTVA 9 News is reporting that the Mayor of Amory, Corey Glenn has announced a temporary curfew for residents and told them to boil their water after the city water department was struck by the twister.

The curfew will be in effect from 8pm until 6am.

Last updated on .From the section Chelsea

Chelsea have signed France striker Christopher Nkunku from RB Leipzig for £52m.

The 25-year-old scored 16 goals in 25 games in the Bundesliga last season.

Nkunku, who has won 10 caps for France, is manager Mauricio Pochettino's first signing since he took charge in May.

"I am incredibly happy to be joining Chelsea. A big effort was made to bring me to the club. I am very excited for this challenge and will be proud to wear the Chelsea shirt," Nkunku said.

"Having played in Ligue 1 and the Bundesliga, I now want to play in the Premier League, one of the strongest leagues in the world.

"I am looking forward to meeting my new coach and team-mates and showing the Chelsea supporters what I can do on the pitch."
• None Check out all the latest transfers

Nkunku, whose Chelsea contract starts on 1 July, won three Ligue 1 titles and two French Cups during four years at Paris St-Germain before joining Leipzig in 2019.

He was named Bundesliga player of the season and German PFA player of the season in 2021-22 after scoring 20 goals and contributing 15 assists in the league.

Nkunku scored in the final of the German Cup this month as Leipzig won the competition for the second successive year. They finished third in the Bundesliga last season.

Nkunku made his France debut last year but missed the World Cup campaign because of a leg injury.

Laurence Stewart and Paul Winstanley, Chelsea's co-sporting directors, said: "Christopher has proved himself one of the standout attacking players in European football over the past two seasons and will add quality, creativity and versatility to our squad."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Gary Lineker says he stands by tweets criticising government's asylum policy

Gary Lineker has said he does not fear BBC suspension in an impartiality row over a tweet criticising the government's asylum policy.

The Match of the Day host has tweeted that he is "looking forward to presenting" the show on Saturday.

Lineker had compared the language the government used to set out asylum plans to "that used by Germany in the 30s".

Speaking to the BBC, the home secretary said the comment "diminishes the unspeakable tragedy" of the Holocaust.

Despite the intense criticism, Lineker expects to be retained as a presenter. The BBC has not commented.

He wrote on social media: "Happy that this ridiculously out of proportion story seems to be abating and very much looking forward to presenting [Match of the Day] on Saturday. Thanks again for all your incredible support. It's been overwhelming."

Suella Braverman told the BBC's Political Thinking podcast the Nazi comparison used by Lineker was "lazy and unhelpful".

The home secretary said her family "feel very keenly the impact of the Holocaust" as her husband is Jewish and said it was "offensive" to draw the comparison.

When it was put to her by host Nick Robinson that Lineker was passionate about the rights of asylum seekers, she said the Germany comment was an "unhelpful way to frame the debate".

The BBC said on Wednesday it was having a "frank conversation" with Lineker about the BBC's guidelines on remaining impartial following his Twitter remark.

Asked by a reporter if he regretted the post, the host answered: "No".

Pressed on whether he had spoken to the BBC director general, he said he had and that they "chat often". Asked if he stood by the tweet, he said: "Course".

Speaking in the Commons earlier on Thursday, Culture Secretary Lucy Frazer said Lineker's remark was "disappointing and inappropriate" and referenced her grandmother who escaped Nazi Germany.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Suella Braverman says Gary Lineker's tweet about immigration policy is "a lazy and unhelpful comparison to make".

Ms Frazer said it was "important for the BBC to retain impartiality if it is to retain the trust of the public who pay the licence fee" but that the broadcaster is "operationally independent" of the government.

Former culture secretary Sir John Whittingdale urged the government to ensure "all those who are presenters on the BBC" - including freelancers like Lineker - were covered by impartiality rules when the charter was reviewed.

But Richard Sambrook, the BBC's former director of global news, said on Twitter it had "become unsustainable for the BBC to force freelance presenters to fall in line with BBC policies in their non-BBC activities".

He added that the policy was "full of fudge" and the BBC needed to clarify "to what extent impartiality rules extend beyond news".

On Tuesday, Suella Braverman outlined the government's plans to ban people arriving in the UK illegally from ever claiming asylum, in a bid to address a rise in the number of people crossing the Channel in small boats.

Opposition MPs and charities have strongly objected to the proposals, but the PM and home secretary have defended the plan, saying stopping the crossings is a priority for the British people.

Lineker's remarks have been widely criticised by Conservative MPs but he has received support by many on social media who oppose the government's proposals.

In response to some of the criticism, Lineker tweeted on Wednesday: "I'll continue to try and speak up for those poor souls that have no choice."

Lineker, 62, who has presented Match of the Day since 1999 also works for LaLiga TV.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The corporation's former editorial policy controller Richard Ayre said the presenter had a choice to make over his role at the BBC.

He said Lineker must consider whether to stay or to leave and "become a social media influencer".

Mr Ayre, a former member of the broadcasting regulator Ofcom's content board, said it was "unacceptable" to have someone who works for the BBC "comparing Suella Braverman to the third Reich".

Asked whether BBC director general Tim Davie may have to let the sports presenter go, Mr Ayre told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "I don't think he is going to have any choice but to let him go unless he can be certain that this is the end of it."

The former BBC trustee was also asked about BBC chairman Richard Sharp, who is facing criticism over his role in facilitating a £800,000 loan for then-prime minister Boris Johnson.

Mr Ayre said the BBC's chairman was "hanging by an absolute thread", adding: "It is quite likely that, within the next few days or weeks, we'll perhaps see two heads roll - one from the left and one from the right, the chairman and Gary Lineker.

"And then, maybe, once each side has scored a goal, we can get back to normal business."

Stradey Park Hotel is set to house up to 241 asylum seekers

A legal bid for an injunction to stop a hotel being used to house asylum seekers has failed.

Up to 241 people are now set to be housed in Stradey Park Hotel in Llanelli, Carmarthenshire, despite opposition.

The council took the action against a number of associated companies and business directors.

The Home Office said the plans were necessary and that the asylum system was under "incredible" strain.

The local authority argued using the hotel for asylum seekers would be a breach of planning conditions.

At a High Court hearing on Friday, Carmarthenshire council failed to get an interim order stopping migrants being sent to the hotel while their asylum claims are processed by the Home Office.

The local authority claimed sending them to the 77-bed site was a change of use from hotel to hostel and a breach of planning rules.

It said the change, which is set to take effect from Monday, would "undoubtedly" harm the economy.

This included potentially losing more than 25% of the town's hotel rooms, job losses, cancelled weddings and an impact on tourism, a High Court judge in London heard.

Last month 50 full-time and 45 part-time staff at the hotel were told that their jobs would be terminated on 10 July, the same day asylum seekers are due to move in.

The hotel has seen faced local opposition since it first announced the plans

A lawyer for Stradey Park's owner, Gryphon Leisure, said there was an "urgent" need for asylum seeker accommodation, arguing there would be no planning breach.

The court was told Gryphon director Robert Horwood had warned there was a "serious" risk the hotel would shut without its contract with accommodation provider Clearsprings Ready Homes.

Craig Howell Williams KC, for the council, said there were "good reasons" to doubt Mr Horwood's claims the business could face closure.

The barrister said the former Edwardian stately home played a "fundamental" role in tourism.

The court was told there was limited information about how the site would be operated for migrants.

The use of bodyguards and perimeter patrols would be "alien" in the neighbourhood, Mr Howell Williams said.

He added there were "concerns" about community feeling, including the "potential for unrest".

Jenny Wigley KC, for Clearsprings, Gryphon, Mr Horwood and co-director Gareth Street, said in written arguments using the hotel was "a temporary solution of last resort".

She said if people were not accommodated asylum seekers were at risk of being kept in sub-standard conditions or being made homeless.

Police were called to the hotel on Friday after protesters blocked vehicles entering the site

Judge Gavin Mansfield KC will give his reasons for dismissing the injunction bid at a hearing on Monday.

After the hearing, Carmarthenshire council leader Darren Price said he was "disappointed" and that the authority would consider the judge's reasons on Monday.

In May, West Lindsey District Council lost its attempt to get an injunction against work to prepare RAF Scampton, in Lincolnshire, for asylum seekers.

And in June Braintree council lost a High Court appeal over Home Office plans to house asylum seekers at a former airbase.

A successful legal action pursued by Great Yarmouth Borough Council, in Norfolk, saw a High Court judge rule that seafront hotels there could not be used to house migrants.

On Friday, police were called to Stradey Park Hotel as protesters stopping cars from accessing the site clashed with security personnel who were pulling down fences erected by demonstrators previously.

The Home Office said the number of people arriving in the UK in need of accommodation had reached record levels.

"The Home Office is committed to making every effort to reduce hotel use and limit the burden on the taxpayer," a spokesman added.

Crowds have lined the streets to celebrate West Ham football club's Europa Conference League final victory over Fiorentina.

The win meant that West Ham achieved the club's first major trophy for 43 years.

Fans of David Moyes' team gathered to watch the trophy parade through the streets of London.

Dr Susan Gilby said she faced "offensively sexist comments" in meetings

A former NHS chief executive is suing her employer, saying she was "bullied, harassed, intimidated and undermined" by the hospital trust's chairman.

In legal papers, seen by BBC News, Dr Susan Gilby alleges she was effectively unfairly dismissed by the Countess of Chester NHS Foundation Trust, after she made a formal complaint.

She has also accused the chairman of putting finance above patient safety.

In a statement, the trust said it denied all the allegations.

Dr Gilby, a consultant in anaesthesia and intensive care, was appointed as medical director and assistant chief executive of the NHS trust, in August 2018.

Her arrival came a month after nurse Lucy Letby was arrested on suspicion of murdering seven babies and attempting to kill 10 others at one of the trust's hospitals in Cheshire. Ms Letby's trial is ongoing and she denies the charges.

When the chief executive resigned in September that year, Dr Gilby was promoted to the role.

According to documents prepared for a forthcoming employment tribunal, Dr Gilby alleges the problems began when a new chairman, Ian Haythornthwaite, was appointed in late 2021.

She claims that soon after joining the trust, Mr Haythornthwaite - a former BBC accountant - sought to "intervene and influence, and ultimately to control, many operational matters" beyond the scope of his job.

Dr Gilby's claim alleges that the chairman had an "extremely and unnecessarily aggressive" approach, with subordinates "increasingly frightened of crossing him".

She also accuses him of appointing friends to the trust's board and putting finance above patient safety.

Dr Gilby claims the chairman was "highly aggressive and intimidatory" in meetings, that he banged his hand on a desk to emphasise his point, and oversaw a climate where "offensively sexist comments and ferocious and repetitive criticisms" were made by either him or his associates.

Dr Gilby's complaint accuses the chairman of putting finance above patient safety at the hospital trust

She made a formal whistle-blowing complaint against the chairman in July 2022, raising her concerns about his behaviour to both the trust and NHS England.

The trust responded to her concerns, Dr Gilby claims, by proposing that she be seconded to a senior advisory role within NHS England on the condition she withdrew her allegations.

NHS England also contacted her about a role. Dr Gilby responded to the offer in November saying she was not willing to withdraw her allegations; she was suspended by the trust on 2 December. On 5 December, she gave the trust six months' notice of her intention to resign.

Dr Gilby is suing the trust and Mr Haythornthwaite for constructive unfair dismissal.

In a statement, the Countess of Chester NHS Trust said: "There are significant points of dispute between Dr Gilby and the trust and the trust denies all allegations that she has raised. A number of active internal investigations are in train and the trust will not provide any further comment whilst those investigations are ongoing."

Mr Haythornthwaite said he had "nothing to add at this time" to the trust's statement.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: How to keep safe from wildfire smoke

Washington DC and Philadelphia experienced their worst air quality in years as intense wildfires in Canada continue to impact millions.

The poor conditions have forced event cancellations and grounded flights across the US.

Nearly 100 million people are experiencing very poor air quality in North America.

US President Joe Biden described the fires as a "stark reminder of the impacts of climate change".

Data from the US Environmental Protection Agency's Air Quality Index (AQI) shows that cities in North America had the worst air quality in the world on Thursday morning.

Cities including Washington DC, Philadelphia and New York had significantly worse air quality than cities abroad such as Lahore, Dhaka and Hanoi.

The smoke has caused the cancellation of school outings and sporting events, and, in the capitol, the White House's planned pride celebrations.

The National Zoo was also closed, with its animals, including three giant pandas, taken indoors to shelter.

In nearby Baltimore, residents were wearing masks as they went about their day-to-day activities. One local, Sean Montague, said people "have to put your health first and be cautious".

At the city's Inner Harbour, friends Sharifah and Sheila disembarked from a water taxi, eager to hurry indoors.

They said they originally planned to spend the day in Baltimore's Fells Point, a waterside neighbourhood known for its galleries, shops and outdoor seafood restaurants.

But once on the water, their eyes stung and the smoke was so thick, so they agreed the ride was "miserable" and decided to return home.

Much of the smoke is coming from Quebec, where 150 fires are burning. It is already Quebec's worst fire season on record.

Some areas of Canada continued to experience very high levels of contamination on Thursday. The city of Janvier in Alberta, for example, had an AQI of 338, far above Washington DC's 293.

Mr Biden said he spoke to Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Thursday and deployed more than 600 firefighters to help battle the blazes in Canada.

On a typical Thursday, Washington DC's Union Market would usually be packed with customers, dining al fresco in the afternoon sun.

But with smoke thick in the air, dozens of tables and chairs sat empty. A nearby rooftop bar was completely deserted except for a small group of Canadian tourists, who jokingly apologised for the disruption.

One customer, Tori, sat back in a lone Adirondack chair, with a mask tied around her wrist having just travelled from West Virginia.

"As I was driving, I noticed it was more hazy, and I just feel a little bit different too. I had a headache," she said. "It's very scary, if you think about it."

Environment Canada said conditions were worsening in Toronto on Thursday, as more smoke poured in. The agency has recommended that anyone outdoors wear a mask.

"These fine particles generally pose the greatest risk to health. However, respirators do not reduce exposure to the gases in wildfire smoke," the Environment Canada statement said.

In New York, an orange haze blanketed the city's skyline and shrouded landmarks including the Statue of Liberty.

Public health officials have cautioned people not to exercise outside and to minimise their exposure to the smoke as much as possible, as the air poses immediate and long-term health risks.

Canadian officials say the country is shaping up for its worst wildfire season on record.

Experts have pointed to a warmer and drier spring than normal as the reason behind the trend. These conditions are projected to continue throughout the summer.

Fires across Canada have already burned an area that's 12 times the 10-year average for this time of year.

Climate change increases the risk of the hot, dry weather that is likely to fuel wildfires.

The world has already warmed by about 1.2C since the industrial era began, and temperatures will keep rising unless governments around the world make steep cuts to emissions.

Experts say exposure to wildfire smoke can cause a litany of health issues, such as an elevated pulse, chest pain, and inflammation in the eyes, nose and throat.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. BBC Weather forecaster Chris Fawkes looks at when the wildfire smoke might clear

How have you been affected by the wildfires or air quality? What precautions are you taking? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Health Secretary Steve Barclay says next week's strike "threatens to cause significantly more disruption" than previous walkouts

The junior doctors' union appears "intent on maintaining a militant stance" which "hampers serious talks over pay", the health secretary says.

Writing in the Telegraph, Steve Barclay said pay demands by the British Medical Association (BMA) were "unrealistic".

Junior doctors in England are set to stage a four-day strike from Tuesday.

The BMA wants a 35% pay rise to make up for 15 years of below-inflation wage rises, It says falling pay has caused a recruitment and retention crisis.

Dr Vivek Trivedi, co-director of the junior doctors' committee at the BMA, said on Saturday that Mr Barclay is yet to put a serious offer on the table.

"All we're asking for is a credible offer that shows us he's serious, that we can start a path of negotiations to try to address the real-terms pay cut," he said.

The strike is due to take place from 07:00 BST on Tuesday until 07:00 BST on Saturday.

The NHS national medical director, Professor Sir Stephen Powis, is warning that the strike will cause "unparalleled levels of disruption" as it is longer than previous strikes and comes after the bank holiday when many staff are "taking much-needed holiday".

Up to quarter of a million operations and appointments could be postponed because of it, the NHS Confederation - the body which represents health service trusts - has warned, and health bosses are more concerned about this than they have been about any other strike.

Th BMA has refused to exempt any services but says it has plans to protect patients.

Mr Barclay said the walkout - just after the bank holiday and which "coincides with school holidays, Ramadan and Passover", has been timed to "cause maximum disruption".

Mr Barclay said pay demands by junior doctors were "out of step with pay settlements in other parts of the public sector" and claimed some doctors could receive an extra £20,000 a year if wage demands were met.

He said he wanted to "see a fair deal that increases their pay" but could see "no prospect of getting into serious and constructive talks" unless the strike action was cancelled and the BMA changed its pay demands.

The BMA says junior doctors' pay has fallen by 26% since 2008, once inflation is taken into account.

Junior doctors represent more than 40% of the medical workforce and include those fresh out of university through to experienced medics with more than 10 years of experience. Around two-thirds are BMA members.

In a ballot issued in February, 98% of eligible BMA members backed strike action, on a turnout of 77%

Deputy chairman of the BMA junior doctors' committee Dr Mike Greenhalgh said falling pay had caused "a real recruitment and retention crisis" in the health service.

He told the BBC on Saturday: "It's hard to negotiate when only one side is doing it, and we're not getting anything back from the government on that front."

He added: "We're happy to meet at any time. We would still meet [Mr Barclay] over the bank holiday weekend before the industrial action next week.

"And if he was to bring a credible offer to us, it could still, even at this late stage, avert action."

During last month's strike, hospitals drafted in consultants to provide cover but it is estimated a quarter of them are on leave due to the Easter holidays.

The BMA says it will not exempt any services but that there are plans to protect patients, which could involve pulling junior doctors off the picket line if individual hospitals report lives are in immediate danger.

The Department of Health and Social Care has said the government is working with NHS England to put contingency plans in place to protect patient safety during the strike.

"The NHS will prioritise resources to protect emergency treatment, critical care, maternity and neonatal care, and trauma," a spokesman said.

Are you a junior doctor with a view on the strike? Are you a patient affected? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: All sides should be responsible and protect civilians - UK PM

Rishi Sunak has urged all sides in Russia to "be responsible and to protect civilians", as mercenaries from the Wagner group seize military sites from Russia and Vladimir Putin vows to "punish" those involved in the move against his government.

In the UK, a meeting of the emergency committee, Cobra, was chaired by Foreign Secretary James Cleverly on Saturday afternoon.

We don't get to hear much about what is said in those meetings, but the government says Mr Cleverly received all the latest information and particular attention was paid to the situation of British nationals still in Russia.

Mr Sunak has also spoken to US President Biden, French President Macron and German Chancellor Scholz about the situation.

Speaking exclusively to Sunday With Laura Kuenssberg, Mr Sunak suggested the government has been watching the internal threats to Vladimir Putin for some time.

He told me: "We have been monitoring for a while the potentially destabilising impacts of Russia's illegal war in Ukraine."

And he said the situation was "evolving on the ground as we speak".

But he urged calm on all sides, saying: "The most important thing I'd say is for all parties to be responsible and to protect civilians", a clear hint that the UK is concerned about how conflict inside Russia's borders could spiral, when for months the focus has naturally been on fighting in Ukraine.

The prime minister did not repeat a more candid assessment from the Ministry of Defence, which said on its official Twitter feed that "this represents the most significant challenge to the Russian state in recent times".

But Mr Sunak did not deny that was the case.

With so much unclear, it is evident that Number 10 does not yet want to give an official verdict on what is happening.

Yet it is clear from the Ministry of Defence's comments that the government sees the action taking place as a potential game changer.

The situation is volatile and no-one in Westminster would predict with any certainty what will happen next.

It is not clear exactly what Wagner chief Yevgeny Prigozhin's motives are.

Nor is it certain how many resources and men Wagner really has at their disposal.

But one of the questions being asked in Westminster this afternoon is how Ukraine can make the most of what seems like disarray inside Russia to make progress in what is now a long-running conflict.

Our politicians, like the rest of us, are watching events and wondering what on earth is going on, and unable to be sure what will happen next. But they are watching with eager attention.

The war in Ukraine has had such enormous implications for politicians in the UK, because it has indirectly affected every family, every firm, and every household in the country by driving up the cost of energy.

That's one of the biggest factors in high inflation the prime minister describes as the "number one enemy".

We talk to the prime minister about that, his plans for the NHS and Boris Johnson in an exclusive interview you can watch on Sunday morning.

But as events unfold in Russia, remember that the actions of one man, Vladimir Putin, upended so much here.

Moscow may be nearly 2,000 miles away, but what happens in the next few days to stability in Russia matters hugely to our politicians in Westminster, and to us all.

Formal identification of the boy who died has yet to take place

An 18-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 17-year-old boy was stabbed following a birthday party in north-west London.

Police and London Ambulance Service were called to Granville Road, Kilburn, at 23:22 BST on Friday following reports of a fight and a stabbing.

A 17-year-old boy was pronounced dead at the scene.

Another teenage boy and a woman in her early 20s were treated at the scene before being taken to hospital.

Formal identification of the boy who died has yet to take place.

Det Ch Insp Mark Rogers said: "We believe that there was a fight following a birthday party, which would have been attended by a number of people.

"I would urge anyone who was there, and who has not yet spoken with officers, to please come forward.

"It is vital that we establish what happened."

Ch Supt Dan Knowles, in charge of the North West Command Unit which polices Kilburn, said: "I know that the community will be shocked by this incident in which a young man has lost his life."

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Last updated on .From the section National League

Notts County had missed out on automatic promotion by just four points to title winners Wrexham Notts County twice battled back from a goal down before beating Chesterfield on penalties in an astonishing National League promotion final at Wembley to reclaim their status as 'world's oldest football league club'. Substitute goalkeeper Archie Mair, brought on to replace Sam Slocombe in the 120th minute, crucially saved spot-kicks from Darren Oldaker and Jeff King before Cedwyn Scott sealed a dramatic 4-3 shootout triumph. Victory for the 161-year-old Magpies, who were founder members of the Football League in 1888, ended their four-year non-league exile while defeat consigned Chesterfield to a sixth season in the National League. Ruben Rodrigues had bounced a volley off the turf and over goalkeeper Ross Fitzsimons to level at 2-2 in the second half of extra time to ensure the showdown would be decided from the spot. Armando Dobra's curled finish had restored Chesterfield's lead in the first period of 15 additional minutes after an enthralling game ended 1-1 at the end of normal time. A calamitous start from Notts goalkeeper Slocombe - which had the Magpies defending a rare indirect free-kick inside the box after just two minutes - cost them dearly as his challenge on Andrew Dallas allowed the striker to put Chesterfield ahead from the spot. The Spireites had Notts scrambling to stay in touch at the break as the side that won a club-record 32 league games during the regular season struggled to muster a meaningful response. Sam Austin sent a shot over the bar from the edge of the area and Connell Rawlinson wastefully steered a header wide for a much-improved Notts after the break. Liam Mandeville squandered a late chance to seal victory moments before experienced Notts midfielder John Bostock caught Fitzsimons out with a set-piece that skipped in at the near post. Dobra edged the Derbyshire club back ahead three minutes after the restart and, after Macaulay Langstaff and Rawlinson went close to again restoring parity, it was Rodrigues who sent the final to a shootout.
• None Relive the National League promotion final as it happened After four years and three failed play-off attempts - including defeat by Harrogate in a 2020 promotion final played behind closed doors at Wembley during the Covid-19 pandemic - Notts finally secured their English Football League (EFL) return at the end of a record-breaking season. Luke Williams' side were pipped for automatic promotion and the title by Hollywood-funded Wrexham, who topped the table with an all-time high 111 points. The 107 points the Magpies collected to finish second would have got them straight up as champions in every other season before this one. The club-record wins total and 117 goals in a campaign - which included a record 25-game unbeaten league run between September and February - would have counted for nothing if they had lost at the national stadium. Chesterfield finished one spot below Notts in the table, but the gap between the two was 23 points. They were the only side, other than Wrexham and Notts, to have a spell at the top of the table after the first month of the season - and they pushed Notts to their limits at Wembley in an incredible energy-sapping game. Chesterfield were presented with a bizarre chance almost immediately after kick-off when County conceded an indirect free-kick in the penalty area. Notts set their entire side up a yard in front of the goalline to block King's effort from the left of the penalty spot, but the uncertain start by the Magpies quickly got worse. Slocombe raced out to try shut Dallas down on the edge of the area, but caught the Spireites forward as he tried to lift the ball beyond the keeper. Dallas collected himself and went straight down the middle to beat Slocombe from the spot to put Chesterfield ahead after five chaotic minutes. Nervy Notts struggled to match frenetic Chesterfield for much of the first half, but Austin had a chance to level from close range in the 17th minute when he stretched to meet a lofted cross from Aaron Nemane. Dallas continued to torment Notts' backline down the left, calling Slocombe into action as the forward attempted pull a dangerous ball back across goal. It was not until the 37th minute that Notts managed to register a shot on goal with Nemane sending an effort directly into Fitzsimons' hands. Austin and Rawlinson were off target in search of a second-half equaliser, only for Bostock to deliver with a clever free-kick after a Slocombe error at the other end almost gifted Chesterfield the win in normal time. Dobra had Chesterfield ahead again in extra time and while Langstaff went close to adding to his National League record 42 goals and Rawlinson also flashed a chance wide, it was Rodrigues who salvaged Notts' hopes. On-loan keeper Mair, in just his fifth game for Notts, played an instrumental role off the bench with his penalty saves and, after Bostock made a mess of his spot-kick to seal it, Scott kept his cool to secure victory.
• None Penalty missed! Still Chesterfield 2(2), Notts County 2(3). John Bostock (Notts County) hits the woodwork with a.
• None Penalty saved! Jeff King (Chesterfield) fails to capitalise on this great opportunity, saved.
• None Penalty saved! Darren Oldaker (Chesterfield) fails to capitalise on this great opportunity, saved.
• None Jeff King (Chesterfield) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page
• None Examine the seven men who attempted to kill Queen Victoria
• None Where were the Tudors from? Find out about the origins of the most famous ruling dynasty in British history

The actor and former Californian governor tweeted that he'd had enough of the pothole in his Los Angeles neighbourhood, so he had decided to take action. At least one neighbour was thankful.

Allister Brown has twice before broken the world record for longest drumming marathon by an individual

A Lisburn man has smashed the world record for the length of time spent drumming.

Allister Brown, who is 45, surpassed his previous record of 134 hours and five minutes, by drumming for more than 150 hours.

He finished his "drumathon" on Saturday afternoon, after starting last Sunday.

Mr Brown took on the challenge in memory of his late partner Sharon Deegan, who passed away from pancreatic cancer in January 2021, aged 49.

Speaking on Saturday afternoon, at the Lisburn Music Centre where he secured his third world record, Mr Brown said it had been a "massive undertaking".

He said that the memory of Ms Deegan, as well as the support of his friends, kept him going during the attempt.

"Thank you to everyone who has supported me," he said.

"I always had it in my mind I wanted to do this in Sharon's memory."

Mr Brown has twice before broken the world record for longest drumming marathon by an individual, first in 2003 when he drummed for 58 hours, and again in 2008 when he lasted just shy of 103 hours.

He said that his previous attempts had prepared him well for this latest marathon.

"The experience has been absolutely phenomenal for me; to have that knowledge of how to prepare, how to deal with certain situations during the marathon," he told BBC News NI.

"This one has ran really well and I'm so thankful to the team that I've had that wanted to help me out."

The Guinness World Records rules state that for every hour of drumming Mr Brown is allowed a five-minute break.

He was able to save up these breaks, allowing him to take slightly longer periods of respite.

Allister Brown (right), had support including from his friend and event coordinator Duncan Campbell

But by Friday morning, five days into his record attempt, Mr Brown's friend, and event coordinator, Duncan Campbell, said the drummer had only slept for about two hours during the attempt.

"Certainly this is a challenge where you are doing an endurance against the mind," said Mr Brown.

"At certain points I'm going to be hallucinating and the team are there to help me out.

"My body will maybe want to try and make me sleep in the early hours of the morning, so the team again will be trying to keep me awake and make sure that my breaks are allocated correctly and that I'll be able to get the rest when needed."

The attempt was livestreamed and held in aid of charity.

"With Sharon passing away from pancreatic cancer I'm raising money for [pancreatic cancer charity] NIPANC, and I'm also raising money for Mind, a charity which is for mental health, because I suffered a bit with mental health issues after Sharon's passing so I thought it would be best to coincide the two together in this event," he said.

Over the past two decades the world record for longest drumming marathon by an individual has been traded between Mr Brown and a few other drummers around the world.

While his latest total is impressive, he does not think it is unbeatable.

"Nothing is impossible if you have the right mindset and people around you. If anyone wants to try and beat the record, I'm willing to help them," he said.

As for his plans on completing the marathon, he said: "The first thing I'll be looking to do is find somewhere comfortable to sit down and probably just fall asleep."

All except the shortest wars have times when killing is an unchanging, grim routine. There are also moments, like the last few days in the Middle East, when events leave belligerents and their allies at a crossroads with big decisions to make.

Choices are confronting leaders in the governments and armed forces in Israel and Tehran, at Hezbollah's HQ in the southern suburbs of Beirut and further afield in the Gulf, Europe and America.

The killing of foreign aid workers in Gaza might finally exhaust the considerable patience of Israel's allies, led by the United States.

Israel and Egypt have banned foreign journalists from entering Gaza, except on occasional, highly controlled and brief visits with the Israeli military. Belligerents need to win the media battle in an age of asymmetric warfare where victory or defeat can rely on perceptions as much as the realities of battle. Journalists are also denied access to a war when the parties fighting it have something to hide.

But even without foreign reporters on the scene, evidence is piling up that Israel is not, as it claims, respecting its obligations under the laws of war to respect civilian lives, or allowing the free movement of aid in a famine created by Israel's own actions. After the World Central Kitchen team was killed in Gaza, President Biden used his strongest language yet in public statements to condemn Israel's actions.

The president and his aides have now to decide whether words are enough. So far, they have resisted calls to put conditions on the use of American weapons in Gaza, or even to turn off the supply line.

While the weapons still arrive, Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who depends on hardline Jewish ultranationalists to stay in office, might feel he can still afford to defy President Biden. A major test will be the offensive Israel wants to attack Hamas in Rafah, plans the US believes would compound the humanitarian catastrophe in Gaza. American interests and Joe Biden's political prospects in an election year have already been damaged by what is seen in many countries as complicity with Israel.

In another change this week, Mr Netanyahu has come back to work after two days off for hernia surgery to huge demonstrations demanding his resignation and early elections for a new parliament. Deep cultural and political fissures between Israelis that were put to one side after 7 October are wide open again and being shouted about in the streets. The prime minister is in political trouble, blamed by his opponents for letting down Israel's guard so badly that Hamas detected a chance to attack.

Millions of Israelis who believe they are fighting a just war against Hamas have no confidence in Mr Netanyahu. Their charge sheet includes prolonging the war to put off the moment when he is held accountable for his mistakes, failing to bring Israel's hostages home safely, and alienating vital allies starting with President Biden. Add to that the fact that after a huge onslaught over six months Hamas is still fighting, and its senior leader in Gaza, Yahya Sinwar is still alive somewhere in the Strip.

Another new set of calculations about the next stages of the crisis in the Middle East arise from the assassination of a senior Iranian general in Damascus, widely assumed in Israel to be the work of its air force. It was a coup for intelligence services that missed or ignored the Hamas attacks six months ago. It was also an escalation in the wider war in the region that will have consequences.

Some of them may happen close to where I'm writing this, looking across the Sea of Galilee towards the Golan Heights, the large swathe of southern Syria that Israel captured in the 1967 Middle East war and later annexed. As the crow flies, Damascus is less than 50 miles from here. The border with Lebanon is close by. At night, especially, there is constant Israeli air activity, with the roar of jets on patrol, or heading off to bomb Lebanon or Syria.

A shadow war has been fought here in parallel with the war in Gaza since last October. It started with Hezbollah, the powerful Lebanese militia and political movement attacking Israel, in support of Hamas in Gaza. It was not the onslaught that the Hamas leadership was hoping for - neither Hezbollah or its patrons in Tehran wanted an all-out war with Israel and, indirectly, its American backers. The Americans did not want that either and restrained Israel's instinct to respond in full force.

But Hezbollah still tied down thousands of Israeli troops and forced the evacuation of something like 80,000 civilians from the border areas. Israel's response, limited compared to earlier border wars, forced the displacement of at least as many civilians on the Lebanese side.

Since the start of this year it has been different. Israel has been setting the pace, bombing its enemies deeper inside Lebanon and Syria. The biggest leap up the ladder of escalation came on Monday with the assassination by air strike on the Iranian diplomatic compound in the Syrian capital.

Iran accuses Israel of carrying out the deadly air strike on its consular building in Damascus

In interviews here in northern Israel local officials and residents have expressed strong support not just for the assassination but for an invasion of south Lebanon to destroy Hezbollah and force them back from the border.

They were not put off by Israel's experience in the last two decades of the 20th Century, when it occupied a broad strip of South Lebanon to try to protect northern Israel. It even created its own Lebanese militia to help with the fighting. The Israelis pulled out in 2000, under constant military harassment from Hezbollah, after prime minister Ehud Barak, a former head of the army, decided that occupying south Lebanon (Israel called it the "security zone") did not make Israelis any safer and wasted the lives of its troops.

I walked through the ruins of the Avivim winery, which is right on the border wire. It was destroyed in a Hezbollah strike last week. Its owner Shlomi Biton showed me through the wreck of his business. He is 47 and was born in Avivim, which like the rest of northern Israel has become a ghost town after the evacuations. Shlomi fought in Lebanon during his military service, and now believes that the only way to restore a decent and safe life is for Israel to return to Lebanon for a decisive battle with Hezbollah.

"There's no other choice," he told me next his burnt-out business. "Otherwise, the community won't return to live here, maybe just a few crazy guys like me - the children won't come back."

In Kiryat Shmona, a border town where 25,000 Israelis lived, no more than 3,000 people, mostly soldiers and essential workers, are left. The Mayor, Avichai Stern, showed me deserted districts and wrecked buildings. He believes that Israel can remove Hezbollah's threat to the north with a decisive and destructive invasion on the lines of the Gaza war.

The Mayor of Kyriat Shmona, Avichai Stern shows fragment of shrapnel from a Hezbollah strike on residential buildings in the town

Mayor Stern said last year 10,000 Hezbollah fighters practised taking over northern Israel.

"It can happen here" he told me, "just like Gaza. They weren't training to direct traffic in Beirut. The only way to stop it is to go into Lebanon eliminate this threat as soon as possible."

Exactly six months ago, in deadly secrecy, Hamas was putting the finishing touches to the battle plan it called Operation al-Aqsa flood. The killing on 7 October and everything that has followed destroyed lazy, wishful thinking that it was possible to manage the century-long conflict between Arabs and Jews for control of the land between the river Jordan and the Mediterranean Sea.

Hamas thrust the conflict back to the top of the world's agenda when it killed around 1,200 people, mostly Israeli civilians, and took more than 250 Israelis and foreign citizens into Gaza as hostages. Many of the 134 Israelis still there are thought to be dead. It was Israel's worst single day since it won its independence war in 1948.

The "mighty vengeance" that Mr Netanyahu promised has so far killed more than 32,000 Palestinians, a majority of whom were civilians. Israel's American-supplied firepower has flattened most of Gaza. The war has spread across the Middle East. It might now be entering a new phase.

The borderlands between Israel and Lebanon are deceptively beautiful in the first few weeks of spring. Wild flowers and pinecones, not shrapnel, were underfoot as I walked along a stretch of the border with Israeli military officers. Any sense of peace was, of course, an illusion on one of the most dangerous borders in the Middle East. Iran and Hezbollah are making decisions about how to respond to the assassinations in the Damascus and the way Israel is increasing the military pressure in Lebanon. The two allies will want to calibrate their response to avoid a wider, devastating war that neither want.

Israel does not want that war either. But the audacious assassination at the Iranian diplomatic compound in Damascus could be a sign that Israel believes Iran and the network it calls its axis of resistance might blink first. If so, it is a risky strategy. Iran will want to restore its ability to deter Israel, which is clearly not working. It will try to respond in a way that will catch Israel by surprise.

The empty overgrown border communities are not likely to be Iran's first choice for retaliation. They could try an Israeli target in another country, or cyber-attacks rather than missiles. Or intensify their nuclear programme.

An American envoy, Amos Hochstein, is trying to find a way to revive the UN Security Council resolution that ended the last big war between Hezbollah and Israel in 2006. Neither side has respected it, but it provides a framework for negotiation.

At this crossroads, neither Israel, Iran nor Hezbollah wants an all-out war that would have terrible consequence for all of them. But no side seems ready to stop the slide towards it.

Don't trust anyone who tells you they know the political implications of this indictment.

I certainly don't, and nor do they. We don't know the charges, we don't know the evidence and we don't know how the trial will unfold.

Since the indictment was announced, I've heard from people close to the former president who've told me this is bad news for Democrats because this is a weak case, the weakest of all the potential cases against Trump.

I've also heard from Democrats who say the spectacle of Trump on trial is bound to weaken him as he runs for the White House, and the reminder of his alleged affair with a former porn star will turn off evangelical Christians who once supported him.

Two things can be true at once.

The political question will be in the raw numbers: does it win him more voters or lose him voters?

The more important question for America is whether this trial, whenever it occurs, can be removed from the political realm and be seen as a fair legal process.

You can catch Katty on Americast here

Last updated on .From the section Women's Football

Domestic women's football could become a "billion pound industry" in 10 years' time says former Lionesses midfielder Karen Carney - the chair of a major review into the sport.

Her 126-page report recommends the top two tiers of women's football in England being fully professional.

It also calls for a new regular broadcast slot for women's football to be made available on television.

"It is what needs to be done, to move the sport forward," Carney said.

The ex-Birmingham and Chelsea player added: "Full-time is full-time. Go for it. Realistically the biggest issue we need to go after is professionalising the women's game and bringing standards up because that is a big problem."
• None The Sports Desk podcast: Can women's football be a billion pound industry?

Describing women's football as a "start-up business", Carney said everyone involved from sponsors, broadcasters and the Football Association "has a responsibility to invest in the game and move it to the next level".

She added: "If you are starting something you have to have an influx of money and I really do believe that in 10 years' time this sport could be a billion pound industry.

"But these standards and investment are the foundations that lead us to this point. I really do think we will make it [money] back."

An independently club-owned, club-run body is poised to take over the Women's Super League and the Women's Championship next year as the English women's game looks to capitalise on its rapid rise, accelerated by the Lionesses' success at Euro 2022.

A recent report by Deloitte showed Women's Super League club revenues rose by 60% in the 2021-22 season, showing signs of growth before even England's historic Euro 2022 victory.

Combined revenue for the WSL clubs was £32m, an increase of £12m on the previous season thanks in part to a new broadcast deal, however clubs still recorded an aggregate pre-tax loss of £14m.

Carney's findings have focused on several areas including audience reach and growth, the financial health of the game, its long-term financial sustainability and its existing structures - leading to 10 major recommendations, that include:
• None World leading standards for players, fans, staff, and everyone in the women's game.
• None To restore the talent pathway needed to create future generations of Lionesses.
• None Professionalisation across the top two tiers to attract and develop the best players in the world.
• None To address the lack of diversity across the women's game - in on- and off-pitch roles.
• None The game's governing bodies to work with broadcasters to create a new dedicated time slot.
• None More investment in grassroots facilities and better access for females.

Carney, who has worked in the media since her retirement from playing in 2019, was asked to examine issues affecting the game at elite and grassroots levels in September 2022. by the UK government.

The women's game has made huge progress in recent years and, at grassroots level, has become the most played team sport for women and girls in England, with three million registered players and over 12,000 registered teams.

However, both the Covid-19 pandemic and the men's game fan-led review highlighted the shallow resources within women's elite football.

She appointed a number of experts from across sport and business, including a senior NFL executive, with the UK Culture Secretary Lucy Frazer calling it an opportunity to "revolutionise the game" in a positive and sustainable way.

In a statement the chief executive of the Professional Footballers' Association (PFA) Maheta Molango called the report a "brave, ambitious and detailed plan for the future of women's game".

An FA spokeswoman said they would help "address the challenges and opportunities in the report" to "deliver the changes needed".

They said: "These are exciting times for the development of the women's game and we share Karen's vision of creating world leading standards for players, fans, and everyone involved in women's football."

While the 12-club WSL is fully professional that does not extend to English women's football's second tier.

A significant drop in broadcast fees and FA central funding means that turnovers can be as high as around £7m in the WSL but as low as £150,000 in the Women's Championship, where player wages can be below £5,000 per year.

Reading's recent relegation from the WSL saw them revert to part-time football due to the financial implications.

When it was put to Carney that more than £10m would be required to redress some of that balance, she passionately defended the need to attract additional income to the game.

"Do I want players to have to go on the NHS [for treatment of injuries]? No. Do I want players to have to use bin bags for curtains? No," she said.

"I don't want any of this situation any more. There was a lot of evidence in the review of the marketing strategy in place not being able to help the revenues grow.

"It is what is needed. It is not a negative to invest in women's sport, we have to change the mindset. I understand there is a reality to it."

On proposals to provide one source of funding from levelling FA Cup prize money across the men's and women's game, she added: "I'd hope there would not be a backlash.

"There are so many issues and women's sport has struggled for so long I'd hope there'd be an understanding but with anything there'll always be someone who will challenge it.

"I could have said equalise prize money right now but that would have taken down the pyramid of men's football. We should absolutely be going for equal prize money [in the future] from the FA Cup and the FA should be putting a timescale on that."

'Five weeks out can turn into five months' - injury improvements

A long-standing issue that Carney is keen to see addressed urgently is the relative lack of medical support offered to female players in comparison to their male counterparts.

A Fifa report in 2021 showed that a quarter of top-division women's clubs around the world do not employ a physio or team doctor and while there have been improvements Carney says there are still issues around the quality and continuity of care provided.

"There was a player who should have been out for five weeks and was out five months," Carney said.

"We've seen players pretty much say we are going to have to go into early retirement because of the medical situation. It is a systemic issue about women's health not just in sport but outside, it has to be better.

"Don't forget in the Championship there are players working three of four jobs. They are never going to be able to compete and it is not because they don't have the ability, it is the resources.

"Are they hydrated? Are they getting the right nutrients to perform? Are they fatigued? That is why we want minimum standards to come in to keep that competitive nature.

"We want all our players to be fit, available and playing because then the product is at its best because that's what the fans, broadcasters and players want."

Football's governing bodies have talked of exploring whether WSL fixtures can be televised on Saturday afternoons to help grow the audience.

Last term, WSL matches consistently kicked off at 11.30am on Saturdays and 6.45pm on Sundays to avoid scheduling clashes with men's games.

No matches are currently shown during the '3pm blackout' slot in order to encourage attendance at games.

However, Carney believes there is no simplistic solution: "It's very clear we need to find a slot specific for women's football.

"Men's football is really easily signposted, it is really difficult for women's football to have a slot and stand out.

"We have to look at it, it is a really saturated market and this is what we are up against."

'We need to keep pushing' - improving diversity

Carney's 'raising the bar' review also identifies the need to create a workforce strategy for the women's game and the need to create greater diversity on and off the pitch.

Former Brighton defender Fern Whelan, who is now an equalities executive at the PFA, echoed those comments in response to the report.

"We can all see that there is a lack of representation across the women's game," Whelan said.

"That isn't by design, or something the game needs to be defensive about. It's something where we've acknowledged there is an issue and begun to take action, but we need to keep pushing.

"It's positive that the review has highlighted the lack of diversity across the women's game as something that needs to be urgently addressed.

"Are we doing enough to encourage girls and young women from diverse backgrounds into the game? Are we making the professional pathway accessible enough? It's often about practicalities as well as culture."

This is a highly significant moment in English women's football.

The report has strong backing from the PFA and FifPro, who have worked closely with the review board to ensure players from all backgrounds have been able to share their experiences in confidence.

There is a range of issues which will need long-term vision and patience to adapt to, but there are also clear short-term recommendations.

Among the most crucial are improved medical support, calls for fully funded union representation, better prize money and a dedicated WSL broadcast spot - all of which can be addressed immediately.

There are no legal enforcements given its an independent report, but the simple fact so many have come together to provide a detailed review suggests it will be hard for the likes of the FA - and the WSL takeover company - to ignore.

Ukraine found the remains of British World War Two Hurricane aircraft in a forest outside Kyiv

The rusting remains of eight British Hurricane fighter planes dating back to World War Two have been found buried in a forest in Ukraine.

The aircraft were sent to the Soviet Union by Britain after Nazi Germany invaded the country in 1941.

They were part of a package of allied military support for the USSR, paid for by the United States under the so-called Lend-Lease scheme.

Similar legislation is being used by the US government today to send military aid to Ukraine as it seeks to expel Russian forces from its country.

Aviation experts say this is the first time the remains of so many Hurricanes have been found in Ukraine.

"It is very rare to find this aircraft in Ukraine," says Oleks Shtan, a former airline pilot who is leading the excavation. "It's very important for our aviation history because no Lend-Lease aircraft have been found here before."

The UK sent some 3,000 Hurricanes to the Soviet Union during the war against Nazi Germany

The Hawker Hurricane was the workhorse of the Battle of Britain - the air campaign of 1940 when the Royal Air Force (RAF) defeated German attempts to invade the UK. Although its role has often been overshadowed by the newer and more adaptable Spitfire plane, the Hurricane actually shot down more than half of all enemy aircraft during the battle.

"The Hurricane was a strong, easy to fly machine," Mr Shtan says. "It was stable as a gun platform and suitable for inexperienced pilots. A reliable aircraft."

In total, about 3,000 Hurricanes were sent to the USSR between 1941 and 1944 to support the Soviet war effort. Most were either destroyed in combat or dismantled later for parts.

But some Hurricanes were deliberately broken up and buried after the war so the Soviets did not have to pay back the United States. Under the Lend-Lease legislation, the USSR was required to pay for any donated military equipment that remained intact after hostilities ended.

This was the fate of the eight Hurricanes found buried in woodland south of Kyiv - now the capital of independent Ukraine, but until 1991 part of the USSR.

Ukraine is now painstakingly cleaning and repairing the planes, so they can be put on display

They had been stripped of their instruments, radios, machine guns and any useful scrap metal. They were then dragged by tractors from a nearby airfield, broken up and dropped without ceremony into a shallow ravine. It is thought they were then covered with earth by bulldozers.

The remains were discovered recently after an unexploded bomb dating from the war was found nearby. The rest of the ravine was checked using metal detectors and the Hurricanes were found.

The National Aviation Museum of Ukraine is now in the process of painstakingly excavating the site by hand. Staff there aim to identify as much of the aircraft as possible so they can be reassembled and put on display.

Valerii Romanenko, head of research at the museum, says the Hurricanes played an important part in Ukraine's history.

"The Hurricanes are a symbol of British assistance during the years of the Second World War, just as we are very appreciative of British assistance nowadays," he says. "The UK is one of the largest suppliers of military equipment to our country now."

The Hurricanes are a symbol of British assistance... just as we are very appreciative of British assistance now

"In 1941 Britain was the first who supplied fighter aircraft to the Soviet Union in mass scale. Now the UK is the first country which gives Storm Shadow cruise missiles to our armed forces."

It is thought there are just 14 restored Hurricanes able to fly in the world today.

After the German invasion, the USSR lost many warplanes and was in desperate need of fighter aircraft. Initially several RAF Hurricane squadrons were sent to the Arctic to help.

But soon the British pilots left and the aircraft were taken over by Soviet airmen. Records show that many disliked the Hurricane, considering it under-powered, under-armed and under-protected.

By the end of the war it was considered obsolete and was used mainly for air defence work. The eight Hurricanes found south of Kyiv were used to defend major transport hubs - especially railway stations and junctions.

Bryn Parry founded Help for Heroes with his wife Emma

The Prince of Wales has paid tribute to a co-founder of Wiltshire-based veterans' charity Help for Heroes following his death from pancreatic cancer.

Bryn Parry passed away on Wednesday at the age of 66, the charity said.

Mr Parry and his wife Emma founded Help for Heroes in 2007 after learning about ex-servicemen's struggles to access rehabilitation treatment.

Prince William described him as "a life-affirming and inspirational man".

In a tweet, the prince said he was "deeply sad to hear that Bryn Parry has passed away".

"A life-affirming, inspirational man, his work with @HelpforHeroes made a difference to so many and his legacy will be its continuing impact."

Prince William visited a Help For Heroes Recovery Centre in Tidworth in 2013

Prince Harry also expressed his condolences in a statement published on his own veteran's charity, the Invictus Games Foundation.

"Today is a truly sad day for the military community as we bid farewell to a man who, alongside his wife, completely transformed the UK charity sector for the benefit of those that have served," he wrote.

"His vision, determination and brilliance provided a lifeline for thousands of veterans, as well as their families, when they needed it most."

The minister for veterans' affairs, Johnny Mercer, also paid tribute, saying Mr and Mrs Parry had "revolutionised veterans' care in the UK".

The MP for Plymouth, Moor View, added: "(Mr Parry) inspired me with his unapologetic determination to do the right thing by these men and women who serve.

"He will never be forgotten."

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by The Prince and Princess of Wales This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. End of twitter post by The Prince and Princess of Wales

Mr Parry, who forged a career as a cartoonist after leaving the Royal Green Jackets, initially set out to raise £10,000 for wounded veterans with his wife through a charity cycle ride.

Within three years the couple, who are from the village of Downton near Salisbury, had raised £50m.

The charity's chief executive James Needham said: "Without Bryn, this charity wouldn't be here. Without him, over 27,000 veterans and their families wouldn't have received life-changing support.

"Bryn was instrumental in changing the focus of the nation and the way we regard both military service and wounded veterans."

He added: "Bryn's founding principles and his no-nonsense approach of doing everything humanly possible to help our heroes, remain at the heart of all we do."

Help for Heroes hold charity bike rides every year to raise funds for the Armed Forces community

Speaking to the BBC in 2010, Mr Parry said he and his wife felt there had been a lot of pent up public support for veterans that had no outlet.

"The problem was, people were concerned about the politics and the rights and wrongs of the wars," he said.

"We said it's not about the rights and wrongs of war, it's about a 22-year-old boy who's had his legs blown off.

"That allowed people to get behind the movement. It's just been a humanitarian desire to do something, and not stand around and feel helpless."

Mr Parry's cartoon business, Bryn Parry Studios, announced earlier this year that he had been diagnosed with stage four pancreatic cancer and would not be taking on any new commissions.

In a statement on its website, it said: "He is comfortable at home, surrounded by his family and mad dogs!"

Follow BBC West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: bristol@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Emergency services were called to Bordon, Hampshire after reports of a man trapped in a hole

A man has been rescued after falling into a well that suddenly opened up in a back garden.

Emergency services were called to Bordon in Hampshire, at about 18:00 BST on Tuesday, after reports of a man trapped in a hole.

The 76-year-old man fell 2m (6.5ft) and suffered minor cuts and bruises, according to Hampshire's fire service.

It said water had caused part of the well to erode, creating a void underneath a garden patio.

"He was fortunate not to slide down the slope where he could have dropped approximately 12 metres further into the well," the service said in a statement.

Firefighters worked along with paramedics to save the man and set up a rope system that lifted him from the well.

He was treated at the scene by paramedics and a cordon was put in place around the hole.

The fire service praised its crews for their "quick and efficient response".

Follow BBC South on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to south.newsonline@bbc.co.uk.

The research rocket was part of experiments being conducted by Sweden in zero gravity

Sweden has got into hot water with Norway after one of its research rockets malfunctioned and landed in its neighbour's territory.

The rocket was launched at 07:20 local time (05:20 GMT) on Monday from the Esrange Space Center, before plunging into a Norwegian mountain range.

The Swedish Space Corporation (SSC), which owns and runs the centre, has apologised and is investigating.

But Norwegian officials say Sweden failed to let them know formally.

"The ministry did not get formal notification, and when an incident like this happens across the border it's important that those responsible immediately inform the Norwegian authorities through proper channels," said foreign ministry spokeswoman Ragnhild Simenstad.

According to the SSC, the rocket reached an altitude of 250km (155 miles) and made it into zero gravity, where it carried out experiments in microgravity into potential carbon-free fuels and creating more efficient solar cells.

But the rocket then landed some 40km north-west of the planned landing site, 15km into Norwegian territory in the far northern area of Malselv. It is described as a mountain range roughly 10km from the closest inhabited area, at an altitude of around 1,000m (3,280ft).

Nobody was injured and no material damage has been reported.

The scientific instrument onboard the rocket, known as the payload, weighs 387kg (853lbs) and has since been recovered in "good condition" and returned to Esrange by helicopter, according to the SSC.

SSC spokesman Philip Ohlsson explained that while the first stage motor of the rocket had landed close to the Esrange base site in Sweden, the second stage motor and the payload had parachuted on to Norwegian territory.

"This is a deviation that we take seriously," said Marko Kohberg from the Esrange Space Center. "It is still too early to speculate about the cause, and we await more information from the current investigation."

According to Esrange, Norway's armed forces and Swedish authorities were contacted shortly after the incident, and it followed the routines laid out for rocket launches after Monday's flight.

Local authorities in Malselv have told public broadcaster NRK they were told about the incident and asked if a helicopter could be sent to retrieve the rocket.

But Norway's foreign ministry has said it received no formal notification either of the rocket's landing or the recovery of its payload.

"For our part it's important to remember that a rocket and incident like this can contribute to large damage. The fuel might be contaminated and there might be poisonous material. We just want to expect the proper rules are followed," said Ms Simenstad.

The rocket, known as Texus-58, is part of a European programme commissioned by the European Space Agency.

Researchers say the new genetic map of humanity is more representatives of variety

Scientists have produced an updated map of all human DNA which could help to transform medical research.

The original human genome, published 20 years ago, is mostly from one person, and does not represent human diversity.

The latest version - dubbed the pangenome - is made up of data from 47 people from Africa, Asia, the Americas and Europe.

It is hoped it will lead to new drugs and treatments that work for a much wider range of people.

According to Dr Eric Green, who is director for the National Human Genome Research Institute in Bethesda Maryland, the research, which has been published in the journal Nature, has the potential to transform medical research.

"This represents a tremendous scientific achievement. A pangenome that better reflects the diversity of the human population will enable scientists to better understand how genetic variation influences health and disease and moves us to a future in which genomic medicine benefits everyone".

The genes that make up human DNA are made up of of sequences of chemicals.

The pangenome consists of 47 separate DNA maps of the people from different ancestries, which can also be combined and compared with new software tools to find important genetic differences.

The aim is to develop more effective treatments for more people, but genetic scientists are aware that the research has the potential to be misused. Prof Muzlifah Haniffa, of the Sanger Institute in Newcastle, who was not part of the research team, said that the science should not be misinterpreted,

"Genetic information about diversity should be used responsibly and not to provide evidence of differences in race, which is a social construct. We have to understand what it shows and, importantly, what it doesn't show. We have to make sure that taking information very superficially to establish false racial characteristics does not happen".

The human genome was largely completed in 2003. It is a map of the basic chemical building blocks that make up human DNA. Researchers use it to identify genes involved in diseases so as to develop better treatments. It has led to improved cancer therapies and the development of tests to predict the onset of inherited conditions, such as Huntington's disease.

It took hundreds of machines 13 years to read all the DNA that makes a human

But the downside is that 70% of the genome came from a single individual: an American man with European and African ancestry. This therefore misses important genetic differences that play an important part in diseases in people from other backgrounds, according to Dr Karen Miga of the university of California in Santa Cruz.

"Having one map of a single human genome cannot adequately represent all of humanity. This reboot can be the foundation for the scientific community to have more equitable healthcare in the future".

Although the map of the human genome currently used by researchers has a lot of African DNA in it, counterintuitively it is the population that is one of the most lacking, according to Dr Ewan Birney, deputy Director General of the European Molecular Biology Lab near Cambridge.

"The most important place in the World to get genomes from is sub-Saharan Africa. It is where we started as a species, and it has the greatest genetic diversity. So, one African American genome is not enough to represent that diversity".

Dr Zamin Iqbal, a senior researcher at EMBL's European Bioinformatics Institute near Cambridge, believes that a more representative genome will lead to better treatments for more people.

"Expanding the range of populations present in the human reference genome will reduce a long-standing implicit bias in studies of human genetics. Humans are diverse, and it's important that our analytical methods incorporate that.

Two recent studies in the US and in the UK and Ireland found that children of European ancestry were twice as likely to be diagnosed with genetic tests than those of African ancestry.

Dr Alexander Arguello, who is the programme director at at the National Human Genome Research Institute, says the aim of the new project was to change those outcomes.

"The hope is that once you capture sufficient diversity you will get the same diagnostic results whatever the population".

The new pangenome is made up from 47 people, half of whom have ancestry from sub-Saharan Africa, a third from the Americas, 13% from China and 2% from Europe, with representation of indigenous people.

But this is just the start of an ambitious programme to better represent the diversity of the world's population. The initial aim is to increase the number to 350. After that the scientists leading the largely US programme plan to increase numbers and diversity further by working with organisations from other countries in what they hope will become phase two of the human genome project.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The settlement is separate from the Grenfell Tower Inquiry, which started in September 2017

Lawyers acting for survivors of the Grenfell Tower fire and bereaved family members have been outlining the details of a civil damages claim settlement.

At the High Court, barrister Richard Hermer KC said a compensation sum of about £150m had been awarded across 900 cases in the "global settlement".

The June 2017 fire at the west London tower block killed 72 people.

Meanwhile, it has now been confirmed the Grenfell Inquiry report is unlikely to be published until 2024.

The panel and team working on the phase two report have insisted they will "spare no effort" to finish it as soon as possible. Its final hearing was on 10 November 2022.

The long-running inquiry, chaired by Sir Martin Moore-Bick, is examining the circumstances leading up to and surrounding the blaze.

At the settlement hearing at the High Court, listings indicate the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea was one of a number of defendants.

The London Fire Commissioner was also listed as a defendant, while cladding giant Arconic previously confirmed it was another. The firm said it had "agreed to contribute to a restorative justice project to benefit the community affected by the fire".

A total of £50m, including £25m from government and £6m from Arconic, has been pledged to the settlement fund.

Those who took part in the claim were represented by 14 legal firms although the settlement does not include all victims of the fire.

It has been stressed that the agreement does not affect the potential for any criminal charges to be brought in the future.

Mr Hermer said: "No amount of money will ever truly compensate for what the claimants have had to endure.

"This is a settlement purely of the civil claims for compensation. The settlement does not right the wrong, it does not secure accountability."

The judge, Senior Master Barbara Fontaine, specifically approved financial arrangements regarding the claims made by eight children, as part of the wider settlement. Lawyers said she would examine issues such as investment arrangements for these claimants.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Noel Hanna died at a camp after making his descent from the world's 10th highest mountain

Mountaineer Noel Hanna, who has died during an expedition in Nepal, "lived for the mountains", his sister has said.

It is understood Mr Hanna, from Dromara in County Down, died at a camp while making a descent from Annapurna, the 10th highest mountain in the world.

The 56-year-old had scaled Mount Everest 10 times in his career.

In 2018, Mr Hanna became the first person from the island of Ireland to successfully summit and descend K2.

Mr Hanna had scaled the 8,091m (26,545ft) peak in the Annapurna mountain range on Monday and died overnight, Irish broadcaster RTÉ reports.

BBC Nepali said there were local reports that his body has been airlifted to the capital, Kathmandu.

Irene Hunter told BBC News NI's Evening Extra that her brother "loved a view and he just loved people" and that he was "a legend".

Asked if the family was aware of the dangers which Mr Hanna faced, Ms Hunter said: "He didn't really say too much, he didn't want to worry us all."

She added that her brother's body would be returning to Finnis, close to the Mourne Mountains, where he began his climbing career.

There are reports that a second climber from India who had been missing after falling into a crevasse has been found alive.

Annapurna in the Himalayas is the 10th highest mountain in the world

Robbie Marsh, a guide in the Mourne Mountains, described Mr Hanna as an inspirational figure within the climbing community.

He told BBC News NI: "I was always at him to write a book, but he was such a humble man.

"He just normalised climbing 8,000 metre mountains, just like we would do Slieve Donard."

Mr Marsh said he was inspired by Mr Hanna to quit his corporate management job to set up his mountaineering business.

"Part of his legacy is that inspiration that he has given people," he said.

Robbie Marsh was inspired to set up a mountaineering business by Noel Hanna

Banjo Bannon, a climber from Newry, who was the second person from Northern Ireland to reach Mt Everest in 2003, said: "Noel had it in his head that he was going to do all 14 peaks over 8,000m. That was his goal and dream."

Alison Irwin, a representative from the Nepal Ireland Society, said Mr Hanna did a lot of work in promoting connections between the two countries.

"He had a huge love of Nepal, through his mountains, and was very, very interested in all things Nepal," she said.

Ms Irwin described feeling delighted for Mr Hanna when she heard he had reached the peak of Annapurna this week.

She added: "The first thought that came into my head when I saw the summit news was, 'well, I hope he gets down safe'. And I woke up this morning to that bad news."

The society has extended condolences to Mr Hanna's family.

Ms Irwin said Mr Hanna's proudest achievement was reaching the summit of Burke-Khang (6942m; 22775ft), which she said some sherpas described as "unclimbable".

"He was very modest in his achievements," she added.

Noel Hanna previously told the BBC he relishes the challenge of tackling the world's highest mountains

Mourne Mountain Adventures, a guided hiking company based in Kilkeel, has paid tribute to Mr Hanna.

In a social media post, the company said: "There is some peace in that he spent his last moments doing what he loved best, such a great man and one of N Ireland's finest mountaineers."

Dan McFarland, the head coach at Ulster Rugby, tweeted: "Very sad to hear of Noel's passing. Noel was a great inspiration to this team.

"All our thoughts are with Lynne and Noel's family."

Ireland's Department of Foreign Affairs said it is aware of the case and is providing consular assistance, but would not comment further.

GPs in England may start offering weight-loss jabs to some patients to reduce obesity-related illnesses and resultant pressure on hospitals.

Wegovy was approved for NHS use after research suggested users could shed over 10% of their body weight.

The drug blunts appetite, so users feel full and eat less.

Rishi Sunak said it could be a "game-changer" as he announced a £40 million pilot scheme to increase access to specialist weight management services.

But experts warn "skinny jabs" - widely used in the US and endorsed by many celebrities - are not a quick fix or a substitute for a healthy diet and exercise.

In trials, users often put weight back on after stopping treatment.

Similar injections, such as Ozempic and Mounjaro, which work in much the same way as Wegovy but are designed to treat diabetes, have not yet been approved for NHS use specifically for weight loss.

NHS drugs watchdog, the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE), says patients can access Wegovy for a maximum of two years via specialist weight-management services.

These are largely hospital based, meaning only about 35,000 have access, but the government says tens of thousands more could be eligible - although the UK has no supply of the drug yet.

The new scheme will test how GPs could safely prescribe such drugs and the NHS provide support in the community or digitally, contributing to the government's wider ambition to reduce pressure on hospitals and give patients access to the care they need where it is most convenient for them.

Semaglutide injections will be approved under NICE guidance

Mr Sunak said: "Obesity puts huge pressure on the NHS.

"Using the latest drugs to support people to lose weight will be a game-changer by helping to tackle dangerous obesity-related health conditions such as high blood pressure, diabetes and cancer."

Professor Kamila Hawthorne, chairwoman of the Royal College of GPs, welcomed the move but said there would need to be "sufficient resource and funding to account for the increased workload".

She added that there also needs to be enough of the drug available "so as not to raise patients' expectations, as there may be a significant number of people who would benefit from it".

Speaking to BBC Breakfast, Health Secretary Steve Barclay pointed to the impact obesity has on rates of cancer and diabetes.

He continued: "We recognise it's often a real challenge for people to lose weight or keep the weight off, and that's why we're embracing the latest medication and making sure the NHS is at the front of the queue."

Mr Barclay also said there could be "potential economic benefits" from reducing the numbers of people absent from work because of health issues linked to obesity.

The government says obesity costs the NHS in England £6.5 billion a year, with more than one million hospital admissions linked to obesity in 2019-20.

More than 12 million adults in England are obese, estimates suggest.

And some High Street chemists are set to sell Wegovy to customers, prescribing and dispensing a weekly jab they can inject themselves using pre-filled pen devices.

As with any medication, there can be side-effects and risks.

The most common are nausea or an upset stomach, bloating and gas.

NHS medical director Prof Sir Stephen Powis said: "Pharmaceutical treatments offer a new way of helping people with obesity gain a healthier weight and this new pilot will help determine if these medicines can be used safely and effectively in non-hospital settings as well as a range of other interventions we have in place."

He said NHS England was negotiating with the manufacturer to secure long-term supplies at prices representing value for money for taxpayers.

Pupils were allowed to leave the school after being locked down for the morning

A teenage boy is being questioned on suspicion of the attempted murder of a teacher who was stabbed at a school.

The male teacher was taken to hospital with a single wound after being attacked at Tewkesbury Academy in Gloucestershire just after 09:00 BST.

Firearms officers arrested the suspect two hours later in Stoke Orchard, about three miles (4.8km) away, and a knife was seized.

The injured teacher was discharged from hospital on Monday evening.

Tewkesbury Academy has said it would reopen on Tuesday.

Gloucestershire police received a call from the ambulance service on Monday morning saying a teacher had been injured in a corridor at the school.

Officers said a "thorough" search was conducted after initial reports suggested the boy was still on the school's property.

"It was initially thought that the suspect had fled the scene and hidden himself within the school grounds," said Assistant Chief Constable Richard Ocone, of Gloucestershire Police.

"This search was both complex and meticulous in nature as we sought to ensure there were no further injured parties as well as seeking the arrest of the suspect," he added.

Two other schools also went into lockdown following the stabbing and further searches were conducted to make sure no-one else was hurt.

"Specialist resources including the National Police Air Service and plain-clothed officers were deployed to search the wider area," said ACC Ocone.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Police said there will be more officers in the area over the coming days

One teacher kept his pupils safe by sitting in front of a classroom door and barricaded it, said one parent.

Daniel said his daughter video called him and he could see her teacher "supporting the whole class".

"The teacher sat right by the door. He barricaded the door, put some boxes there and kept everyone cool even though he must have been scared himself," he added.

Michelle, whose 13-year-old son Alex is in Year 8, said she was very relieved to be able to collect him from school.

"You get the message from school to say it has been locked down and it says urgent," she said.

"Then you hear that a teacher has been stabbed and the children are all locked down. The first instinct is to get to the school as quickly as you can, which I didn't do, and I listened to the school and stayed away as long as I possibly could."

Michelle said the teacher involved was "very popular" with parents and pupils alike.

Emergency services were seen outside Alderman Knight school, which shares the same site

Police said they were keeping an "open mind" about a possible motive and more patrols would be seen in the area.

"At this time there is no evidence to suggest it is terrorism related. However, we are keeping an open mind while further enquiries are carried out," said ACC Ocone.

Education Secretary Gillian Keegan said she was "deeply concerned" by the stabbing.

"We are closely monitoring the situation and remain hugely grateful to the emergency services who are currently on the scene," added Ms Keegan.

"My department is on hand to support the school as the situation unfolds."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: A parent of a pupil praised one teacher who supported his class during the incident

Martyn and Julia, parents of Year 7 student Katie, said the school and police had kept them informed.

"The school was communicating throughout the morning. The students were allowed to turn their phones on, which we were most grateful for."

Julia said: "Hearing about it this morning felt very strange - it doesn't happen here. I know it sounds a cliche and you see it happening on the news in other places."

Erica, who has a child at Tewkesbury Academy, said she was happy that the incident was resolved quickly.

"It is worrying that these things can happen in any school and all the more important that as parents we take responsibility for teaching our children awareness of the destructive nature of this type of incident," she said.

Parents said the police and school had kept them informed

Richard Stanley, leader of Tewkesbury Borough Council, said it had been a difficult day for the community.

"Tewkesbury is a very safe place, it's a small community and I don't think there's a particular issue here. It's a national issue in terms of young people carrying knives."

Laurence Robertson, Conservative MP for the town, said he planned to meet with the education secretary and the home secretary to discuss knife crime.

"The government has taken certain steps to bring it [knife crime] back under control, but I would be the first to say that much more needs to be done," he told BBC Points West.

Following the incident, The National Education Union (NEU) tweeted that its thoughts were with all staff, pupils and parents involved.

"This is a shocking incident. Violence has no place in our schools and colleges," it said.

ACC Ocone said: "This was clearly a very distressing incident and our thoughts are with the victim, their family and everyone impacted by what happened.

"We are working with the school and other agencies to ensure appropriate support is available and local people will see more police in the area over the coming days as the investigation continues."

Follow BBC West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: bristol@bbc.co.uk

Matt Hancock is among three MPs facing probes by Parliament's standards commissioner Daniel Greenberg, it has been disclosed.

The ex-health secretary is being investigated for allegedly trying to influence the commissioner's enforcement of the rules.

A spokesman for Mr Hancock said he was "shocked and surprised" by the investigation.

He added that Mr Hancock denied trying to lobby the commissioner.

The investigation was revealed by an update to the commissioner's website, which confirmed that a probe was launched on Tuesday.

It also confirmed Scott Benton is under investigation for his use of his parliamentary email address, without offering further information.

Mr Benton has been suspended as a Conservative MP since referring himself to the commissioner after he was filmed offering to lobby ministers for a fake company in a newspaper sting.

The website said Mr Hancock is under investigation for potentially breaching a rule in the MPs' code of conduct that prevents them from lobbying the commissioner in a way "calculated or intended to influence his consideration" of whether the code has been breached, without offering details.

Mr Hancock's spokesman confirmed Mr Hancock had written to Mr Greenberg "in good faith" to offer evidence for an inquiry he is currently conducting, but did not offer further information.

"It's clearly a misunderstanding and Matt looks forward to fully engaging with the commissioner to clear this up," the spokesman added.

Mr Hancock, who became one of the best-known politicians in the country during the Covid pandemic, remains suspended as a Tory MP for for taking time off from his parliamentary duties to appear on I'm A Celebrity last year.

It led to widespread criticism, with his local Conservative Association in his West Suffolk constituency passing a motion to say he was "not fit to represent" the seat.

He confirmed in December that he will not be standing as an MP at the next election, saying he wanted to find "new ways to reach people" outside Parliament.

The commissioner's website also confirmed that Henry Smith, the Conservative MP for Crawley in West Sussex, is under investigation for his use of taxpayer-funded stationery, again without offering details.

The BBC has contacted Mr Smith and Mr Benton for a comment.

A relatively new and dangerous street drug called monkey dust, which is already banned in the US, could soon face tougher penalties in the UK.

The government is asking officials about the drug that can cause violence and paranoia - some users have jumped off buildings or tried to eat glass.

The city of Stoke-on-Trent has seen a big rise in users and related crimes, including arson.

Reclassifying it from Class B to A would increase jail terms for dealers.

Stoke-on-Trent South MP Jack Brereton says he is pleased the government is taking action.

He said: "It's a hallucinogenic drug, and many people's lives have been completely destroyed as a result of taking this drug.

"There is no treatment for those who become addicted - and it is very addictive. For those who succumb to it, it's very profound."

He said users could become a danger to themselves as well as others.

The effects can vary considerably from user to user.

Police officers have described tackling those under the influence as like trying to wrestle with the Incredible Hulk.

"It's so cheaply available, it's cheaper than the price of alcohol and people are able to just pick it up readily. We need to see reclassification and put the consequences up for those who are pushing this drug."

According to Mr Brereton, a hit can cost as little as £2 to buy on the street.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Monkey dust is the street name for methylenedioxy-α-pyrrolidinohexiophenone or MDPHP, which is a synthetic cathinone.

It is a white or yellowish powder that is sold by dealers as an alternative to drugs like speed, ecstasy or cocaine.

Users snort it or wrap it in paper and swallow it, but it can be smoked.

While it can create euphoria, it can make users feel anxious and paranoid.

Some users may experience fits and heart damage.

Policing Minister Chris Philp said: "These synthetic drugs ruin lives, families and neighbourhoods. Made in labs and pumped into our communities, our drug laws must keep pace with their evolution."

By making monkey dust a Class A substance, criminals caught supplying it would face a life sentence.

Possession would carry a penalty of up to seven years in prison.

The Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs will give the government the findings of its review in due course.

The BBC's political reporter in Staffordshire, Amara Sophia Elahi, said: "I covered the problems the substance was causing in Stoke-on-Trent for BBC News, and five years on it is still a huge issue for the city. In fact, Staffordshire Police now have a dedicated operation aimed at trying to disrupt the supply chain of the drug in Stoke-on-Trent.

"In recent weeks, the force has seized more than 10 kilograms of Monkey Dust worth over £100,000 which was due to be delivered to addresses in the city.

"Although Stoke-on-Trent will receive an extra £1.5 million from the government's Drugs Strategy funding over the next year to try to tackle substance misuse, for many in this city reclassification seems to be the only way to prevent Monkey Dust from wreaking further havoc yet."

Last updated on .From the section European Football

Rodrygo scored twice as Real Madrid won the Copa del Rey for the first time since 2014 after beating Osasuna in the final in Seville.

The Brazilian was on hand to fire the winner from close range after Toni Kroos' shot deflected into his path.

Osasuna, playing in only their second Copa del Rey final, had threatened an upset when Lucas Torro levelled.

Rodrygo handed Real an early lead with the fastest goal in a Spanish cup final for 17 years after 106 seconds.

Osasuna, backed by nearly 25,000 fans inside the Estadio de La Cartuja, had their chances as they chased a first major trophy in their 103-year history.

They were denied a stoppage-time equaliser when Dani Carvajal produced a last-ditch block to keep out Kike Barja's side-footed effort.

Los Rojillos, which translates as The Little Reds, had more shots on target (5) than Real (3), but Carlo Ancelotti's side were ultimately more clinical in front of goal.

Victory for Real delivers a 20th Copa del Rey title as they now turn their attention to Tuesday's Champions League semi-final first leg against Manchester City.

Osasuna fans had travelled in large numbers and painted the city of Seville red in anticipation of Saturday's final, but it could not have started any worse on the field.

Vinicius Jr, who returned to the Real starting XI as Ancelotti made five changes to the side that lost at Real Sociedad, proved to be a constant threat down the left.

The Brazilian beat his marker and got to the byline before cutting the ball back across the face of goal for Rodrygo to convert for the opening goal.

Osasuna's task nearly became even harder when Karim Benzema forced Sergio Herrera into a smart save, but Jagoba Arrasate's side began to grow into the game and they could have equalised a minute later.

Bearing down on goal after shrugging off the challenge of Eder Militao, Abde Ezzalzouli beat Thibaut Courtois but could not guide his chipped effort on target.

The leveller did come after the break when Torro's controlled finish from outside the area against his former club sent the red half of the stadium into delirium.

Some of the enthusiasm spilled over as play was momentarily halted while stewards had to use a fire extinguisher on a loose pyrotechnic where the Osasuna fans were housed.

But Madrid always carried a threat and when Vinicius Jr burst through down the left once more and dragged the ball back from the byline, Kroos' effort came off Garcia for Rodrygo to pounce and lift into the net.

With the La Liga title seemingly heading to Barcelona, Ancelotti's side will enjoy their celebrations before turning their attention to the Champions League.

The holders will be hoping they can welcome back Luka Modric from a hamstring issue to face City in the first leg at the Bernabeu.

Authorities on the islands of Rhodes and Corfu say fires are continuing to spread due to strong winds

British tourists continue to cut short their holidays as fires burn on the Greek island of Rhodes.

More flights left Greece on Tuesday to bring holidaymakers back to the UK.

The Foreign Office updated its guidance, telling people travelling to areas that might be affected to make sure they had "appropriate insurance".

The Liberal Democrats have urged ministers to advise against going to Rhodes unless essential, to help with travel insurance claims.

Jet2 had nine flights scheduled to depart Rhodes on Tuesday, some of which had spare seats to accommodate extra passengers trying to leave the island.

EasyJet said extra seats were available on Wednesday's flights.

Earlier, one of the airline's pilots flying British tourists to Rhodes urged passengers at Gatwick to get off the plane before take-off.

"I don't know in what capacity you are travelling, but if you are travelling for leisure, my sincere recommendation is that it's a bad idea," the pilot told passengers on board.

BBC Wales correspondent Gwyn Loader, who was travelling to Rhodes to report on the wildfires, said eight passengers took the pilot up on the offer, including one young boy in tears.

On Monday morning, Foreign Office Minister Andrew Mitchell said up to 10,000 Brits were on Rhodes in total - this number includes tourists in unaffected parts of the island.

Jet2 - which ran repatriation flights to Manchester, Leeds-Bradford, Glasgow and Stansted overnight - said "approximately 1,000 customers" had either been flown back to the UK or moved to hotels in unaffected areas.

EasyJet has cancelled outbound package holidays to Rhodes until Saturday, while Tui has cancelled its packages going to the south of the island until 11 August.

According to the Tui website, packages to the north of Rhodes will recommence from 29 July.

Instead of formally advising holidaymakers not to travel to the affected Greek islands, the Foreign Office said people should check with their hotel and travel operator before travelling, and explained how to sign up for emergency alerts.

Updated advice said the fires were taking place "in populated areas on the mainland and a number of islands" and were "highly dangerous and unpredictable".

The Foreign Office advised those visiting the affected areas to make sure they had "appropriate insurance", and directed travellers towards a number of resources they could use if they were near the wildfires.

Earlier, Levelling Up Secretary Michael Gove said he was still planning on going holiday to Greece next week. He told Sky News he was going to Evia, one of the islands that has issued an evacuation order.

He told BBC Breakfast that Greece was "safe" and a "wonderful place for those fortunate enough to go abroad to spend some time this summer".

But the government's advice was criticised in the House of Lords by Labour's Baroness Angela Smith, who urged the government to "rethink" its guidance.

Liberal Democrats foreign affairs spokeswoman Layla Moran called for a change in travel advice to "enable the thousands of British tourists due to fly to Rhodes to safely cancel their holidays without being left out of pocket".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Rory Boland, editor of Which? Travel magazine, said many travellers would not be able to claim a refund using travel insurance without a formal government travel warning.

"There will be some cover, but it won't be great," Mr Boland warned. "Insurance won't, as a rule, make allowances for 'disinclination to travel'."

Train operator London North Eastern Railway (LNER) is offering free travel to holidaymakers returning from Rhodes and Corfu.

The company said standard travel along its east coast route would come at no cost for anyone who landed at a different airport from their home location or had to travel on a different day.

Customers should present their stamped passport and airline boarding card confirming travel from the islands within the previous 24 hours to use the service between 25 July and 7 August.

Coach company National Express is offering free travel too for those who arrive at a different UK airport than they flew out from.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: "Our houses might not be there tomorrow" - resident evacuated from Rhodes fire

In an update, fire brigade deputy chief Ioannis Artophios said the most serious fires were developing in Rhodes and in Corfu. Crete - the largest of the Greek Islands - has been put on high alert because of an extreme risk of fire.

On Tuesday afternoon, two Greek air force pilots died after a water-bombing plane crashed on the island of Evia while fighting wildfires.

They were named as 34-year-old Cdr Christos Moulas and his co-pilot, 27-year-old Pericles Stefanidis.

Rescuers at the site of the plane crash after a water drop in Karystos on the island of Evia, Greece

In the last week, more than 35,000 hectares (86,500 acres) of forest and other land has been scorched by fire in Greece, the World Wildlife Fund for Nature said.

Greek Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis told his cabinet the next three days "will be difficult" but he hoped conditions will ease from Friday.

"Let me state the obvious," he said. "That in the face of what the entire planet is facing, especially the Mediterranean, which is a hotspot for climate change, there is no magic defence.

"If there was, obviously we would have implemented it."

Could powerful heatwaves and summer wildfires, which have devastated communities and displaced tourists in Greece, become the new normal in Europe?

Are you affected by the wildfires? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

A child killer who murdered a seven-year-old girl in 1992 has been jailed for at least 29 years.

David Boyd, 55, lured Nikki Allan to a derelict building in Sunderland where he beat her and stabbed her 37 times.

Judge Mrs Justice Lambert said Nikki must have endured "unimaginable fear" in the moments before her death.

Boyd, who was eventually snared by DNA advances in 2017, was sentenced to life after being convicted of murder earlier this month at Newcastle Crown Court.

Nikki "knew and trusted" Boyd but he "took advantage of her young age and naivety" when he "tricked" her into following him on the evening of 7 October 1992, the court heard.

She was last seen skipping to keep up with Boyd, who was a neighbour and her babysitter's boyfriend, as he walked towards the Old Exchange building.

Nikki Allan was lured to a derelict building where she was murdered

Boyd had a "sinister purpose" when he lured Nikki to wasteland outside the abandoned building and her "fate was sealed" when she screamed and Boyd decided to "kill her to silence her".

He struck Nikki in the face "to shut her up" then pushed her into the "pitch black building" where she "must have been petrified".

"She must have quickly known she was trapped," Mrs Justice Lambert said.

Nikki was attacked and killed in another room suggesting she had tried to flee her attacker.

"Her fear, as she saw you lurching towards her in the dark, is unimaginable," Boyd was told.

"It must have been a truly terrifying experience for this seven-year-old girl."

Nikki would have endured "unimaginable fear" as Boyd pursued her inside the Old Exchange building, the judge said

Boyd hit Nikki on the head with a brick, fracturing her skull, and then repeatedly stabbed in her in the chest before dragging her down a flight of stairs and dumping her body in the basement.

The judge said Nikki's murder had "shocked and bewildered" the community of Hendon, in the east end of Sunderland, for 31 years and as time passed Boyd would have "thought with some relief" that he had "got away with it".

However, the science of DNA had also advanced in the decades since the murder, which allowed detectives to match samples from Nikki's clothes to her killer.

Mrs Justice Lambert said under current rules she would have jailed Boyd for a minimum of 37 years but she had to comply with the sentencing regulations in 1992 which suggested a lesser sentence, albeit one "well in excess of 20 years".

Boyd lured Nikki to wasteland outside the Old Exchange for a "sexual purpose", the court as told

Speaking after sentencing, Nikki's mother Sharon Henderson, 57, said she was "absolutely devastated" by the sentence which she labelled a "disgrace", adding Boyd should have been jailed for life without the possibility of parole.

"This is what happens to families like mine over and over again - injustice," she added.

In an earlier statement read to the court, Ms Henderson recalled her daughter as a "bright and sparky child" who had a "beautiful smile and was loved".

The story of Sharon Henderson and her hunt for her daughter's killer.

She was 25 when Nikki was murdered and was "accused of being a bad mother" with "local people angry towards me and not towards the person responsible".

She said Boyd "destroyed" her family's lives but she had "fought tirelessly and endlessly" for justice.

Ms Henderson said she had suffered mentally and physically and "at times targeted those who I believed were covering for others" which led to her own arrest.

She said: "I felt so frustrated over the years, as I felt I had not been listened to."

Sharon Henderson (left, with Nikki's sister Stacey) told the judge Boyd had "destroyed" her family's lives

Nikki's father, David Allan, said he was 28 when Nikki was murdered and "from that night my life changed".

In a statement, he said he felt "anger and hatred" towards the killer and would "never be able to forgive the man responsible".

Mr Allan said the "devastation" he felt was "indescribable" because Boyd had "lived his life for 30 years whilst Nikki did not get to live hers".

Northumbria Police initially charged another of Nikki's neighbours, George Heron, with her murder but a judge presiding over the then 24-year-old's trial in Leeds in 1993 said the detectives' questioning had been "oppressive" and he was cleared.

After the case, he said: "Finding out about the current investigation has been difficult - so many details and negative memories; bringing up mixed emotions about what happened back in 1992 and since.

"I feel sadness, disgust, anger, betrayal by people I expected to tell the truth (especially the original investigating officers)."

Following Boyd's conviction, the force apologised to Mr Heron and to Ms Henderson, although she rejected their words as "hollow".

She has called for a public inquiry into the force's "historic failures" in her daughter's case, and has been backed by the legal charity Centre for Women's Justice.

Nikki's family lived in the same block of tenement flats as Boyd which was just a few hundred yards from the murder scene

Prosecutor Richard Wright KC said the 1992 investigation was "utterly misconceived" and made multiple errors, but the team who re-opened "the troubled and challenging" case started from scratch with "no assumptions".

Police collected DNA samples from more than 800 men from around the country, took 1,200 statements and produced 2,500 documents.

The judge commended the "Herculean" effort and said the DNA evidence gathered had been "critical" in convicting Boyd.

David Boyd admitted to having sexual fantasies about young girls

The court had heard Boyd was a neighbour of Nikki's in the Wear Garth flats, he knew how to navigate the Old Exchange building and had sexual fantasies about young girls.

He also had 22 convictions for 45 offences including sexual crimes.

In 1986, he exposed himself to a woman. He later told a psychiatrist he had been doing it since the age of 16 and "couldn't control" the urge.

That same year he was convicted of breaching the peace in Sacriston, County Durham, when he grabbed a 10-year-old girl in a park and tried to kiss her.

In 1997, he admitted to police he exposed himself to three teenage girls but was not charged.

Two years later he groped a nine-year-old girl in a park in Stockton and confessed to a probation officer that he had "dirty thoughts" and "sexual fantasies" about young girls.

Boyd, seen here at about the time of Nikki's murder, has a history of sexually motivated crimes

In mitigation, Jason Pitter KC, for the defence, said Boyd had a history of mental illness, learning difficulties and an IQ level "in the bottom 2% of the population".

However, the judge dismissed that as irrelevant because he used "sufficient guile" to lure Nikki away from her home and was quick to cover his tracks by conjuring a false alibi.

She said there was no guarantee Boyd would be released from prison and it would be up to the parole board to decide.

Follow BBC North East & Cumbria on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Send your story ideas to northeastandcumbria@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

We're now ending our live coverage of the sentencing of Stephen Boden and Shannon Marsden, who have been jailed for life after murdering their son Finley Boden on Christmas Day 2020.

To read more about the sentencing at Derby Crown Court today, click here, and to find out more about the case, click here.

We know that this case is distressing, so as a reminder, help is available on the BBC Action Line website.

Today's live page was written by Laura Gozzi, Thomas Mackintosh, Jack Burgess, Sam Hancock, Adam Durbin and Aoife Walsh. The page was edited by myself, Jamie Whitehead and Owen Amos.

Jack Rigby was only two years old when his father was murdered outside Woolwich Barracks

A charity has praised the young son of murdered soldier Lee Rigby after he raised more than £50,000 for the group.

Jack Rigby, 12, was two years old when his father was murdered by Islamist extremists outside Woolwich Barracks.

Jack, who now lives in Halifax, West Yorkshire, ran 26.2 miles in May for charity Scotty's Little Soldiers.

It helps children grieving the death of a parent who served in the armed forces. Founder Nikki Scott said the charity was "really proud" of Jack.

Mrs Scott set up the organisation a year after the death of her husband Corporal Lee Scott in Afghanistan in 2009.

She said Jack had initially hoped to raise £10,000 - £1,000 for each year since his father's death - to coincide with the 10th anniversary of Lee Rigby's death on 22 May 2013.

Mrs Scott said his efforts had helped raise awareness of the work the charity did with children and young people.

"We are really proud of Jack, he's done such an amazing positive thing at a really tough time," she said.

"Whenever any of our young people fundraise for us it means the world, because it means what we are doing is having a real impact that they want to give back and help others."

The 12-year-old has raised more than £50,000 for the Scotty's Little Soldiers tri-service charity

Mrs Scott said the money would enable the charity to help more children in a similar situation.

"We are there whenever they need us, that might be respite breaks, it might be attending group events with other children or it might be one-to-one emotional support.

"A whole range to make sure they never feel alone."

Mrs Scott said although people might assume children who lost a parent at a young age had no memory, the impact of childhood bereavement "never goes away".

Fusilier Rigby, from Middleton, Greater Manchester, died as a result of multiple cut and stab wounds after he was attacked in London.

He had been returning to his barracks when he was attacked by Michael Adebolajo and Michael Adebowale.

Adebolajo was given a whole-life term and Adebowale was jailed for a minimum of 45 years.

Follow BBC Yorkshire on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to yorkslincs.news@bbc.co.uk or send video here.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The chancellor has said it would be a "terrible mistake" to give pay rises above the rate of inflation, even though strikes are hitting the economy.

Jeremy Hunt said the impact of the junior doctors' strike on NHS patients was "regrettable".

But wage increases that fuelled inflation would have a "more damaging" impact on the UK economy, he said.

Junior doctors are calling for a 35% pay rise, to make up for 15 years of below-inflation wage rises.

There has been no breakthrough in the latest public sector strike. The government has said that junior doctors' pay demands are "unreasonable" and that talks can only happen if the BMA union moves "significantly" away from their current position.

Speaking on the sidelines of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) spring meetings in Washington DC, Mr Hunt said agreeing pay awards without making inflation worse was an "incredibly difficult balancing act that we have to get right".

Inflation, which is the rate prices rise at, is currently near a 40-year high in the UK. Prices in February were 10.4% higher than they were in the same month a year earlier.

That has prompted workers in many sectors to call for higher wages, bringing a wave of strikes. Official figures revealed industrial action held back economic growth in February.

But Mr Hunt told the BBC the government's aim was to "put this high inflation period behind us".

He said if the government stuck to its plans inflation could be brought below 3% by the end of the year.

"The worst possible thing that we can do for junior doctors, nurses, train drivers, teachers is to manage the economy in a way that they are still worried about 10% cost of living increases, in a year's time," he added.

Though the government has pledged to cut inflation, many economists have said that inflation is due to fall naturally in the coming months, as a result of energy prices falling.When asked about the junior doctors' pay demands, the chancellor pointed out that when nurses, who started out asking for a 19% rise, publicly committed to a much lower number "that became the basis of a fruitful discussion".

Following an IMF forecast suggesting that the UK would be one of the worst performing major economies in the world this year, Mr Hunt hit back, saying that the IMF had "undershot on the British economy for quite a long time".

The IMF now believed the British economy was "on the right track", he added, and had praised his recent Budget.

Other G7 finance ministers at the Washington gathering warmly welcomed what they saw as a remarkable change in tone and engagement from the UK, from the last set of IMF meetings, which occurred in the middle of the mini-Budget crisis, under the previous chancellor Kwasi Kwarteng.

Hail storms, heavy rain and flash flooding have battered towns across Spain, days after a heatwave.

Video recorded in the north of Spain shows icy water running through the streets, past chairs outside a cafe. The south east also saw heavy rain and strong winds.

A truck carrying 102,000 live salmon in the US state of Oregon crashed last week on a creek bed, inadvertently releasing thousands of the juvenile fish into the water.

The young Chinook, also known as King, salmon were being taken from the Lookingglass Hatchery in the state's north, to the Imnaha River, where they are listed as threatened.

But the crash caused some 77,000 fish to splash into the Lookingglass Creek, boosting the population of that waterway instead.

Wildlife officials said on Tuesday that the driver lost control around a tight turn, causing the fish tanker to roll down a rocky embankment. The driver sustained minor injuries, Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife (ODFW) said in a statement.

The crash happened on a tight corner on 29 March, the statement says, with the 53-ft (16m) truck "rolling onto the passenger side, skidding on its side on the pavement, and then going over a rocky embankment causing it to roll onto its roof".

While thousands of fish made it into the water, many more were left stranded on the bank

Over 25,000 of the salmon smolts - fish that are around two years old - died either inside the truck's tanker or on the creek bank.

The local sheriff's office responded to the crash, officials said. "Small amounts of diesel fuel were quickly contained," the release said, adding that there was no need for a hazardous material spill response.

The Nez Perce Tribe and the Confederated Tribes of the Umatilla Indian Reservation also responded and helped by collecting and scanning transponders on the dead fish.

Salmon are anadromous, meaning they spend much of their lives in the ocean but return to freshwater rivers to spawn. Many are now raised in government-run hatcheries before being released back into their native waters to later return to those same hatcheries.

ODFW officials say the loss represents about 20% of the fish it intended to release into the Imnaha River this year.

They expect that around 500-900 fewer adult fish will return to spawn in 2026-2027 due to the loss.

The 77,000 smolts in the Lookingglass Creek will likely lead to around 350-700 additional adults returning there.

"We are thankful the ODFW employee driving the truck was not seriously injured," said ODFW fish hatchery coordinator Andrew Gibbs.

"This should not impact our ability to collect future brood stock or maintain full production goals in the future."

The mausoleum features a mosaic surrounded by a raised platform, which archaeologists believe was for burials

A "completely unique" Roman mausoleum has been discovered by archaeologists in south London.

The remains of the structure at the Liberty of Southwark site in Borough have been described as "extremely rare" and feature preserved floors and walls.

Archaeologists think the site was used as some form of burial ground or tomb for wealthier members of Roman society.

Work on creating a permanent display is planned, says the team behind the find.

The discovery was made at the Liberty of Southwark excavation site

The dig was led by the Museum of London Archaeology (MOLA) on behalf of Landsec and Transport for London (TfL).

MOLA believes the quality of preservation makes it the most intact Roman mausoleum ever to be discovered in Britain.

Alongside the central mosaic, raised platforms were found and steps on the lowest side were still intact.

Excavators were surprised to find two layers to the site, with another similarly designed mosaic found beneath the first floor. They believe that the building was modified at some point, with the floor raised.

"All signs indicate this was a substantial building," says MOLA, "perhaps two storeys high."

A second mosaic was found beneath the first, suggesting the floor was raised at some point

While the site is believed to be a burial location, no coffins were found. However, more than 100 coins, fragments of pottery, roofing tiles and pieces of metal were discovered.

There has been a sustained period of excavation at the site, where the largest Roman mosaic found in London for over 50 years was uncovered in 2022.

Antonietta Lerz, senior archaeologist at MOLA, says the site is a "microcosm for the changing fortunes of Roman London" and provides "a fascinating window" into the life of its settlers.

The aim is to preserve the area alongside continued urban development

Archaeologists from MOLA hope to pinpoint the age of the mausoleum and have provided a three-dimensional model of the site.

Landsec and TfL say they are committed to restoring and retaining the mausoleum for permanent public display.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The new head of the probation service in England and Wales has told BBC News that more men are needed in the profession.

Kim Thornden-Edwards said it would help to bring a male perspective in some cases involving violent offenders, including cases of domestic abuse.

Its workforce has been "stuck" at 75% women for 30 years, she added.

She also said older people with life experiences are needed, including those who have been on probation themselves.

The probation service is responsible for supervising 240,000 former prisoners and offenders serving sentences in the community.

However, it is facing intense scrutiny after a series of men committed murders while under probation supervision, among them Damien Bendall.

He killed his partner, Terri Harris, 35, her two children, John, 13, and Lacey, 11, along with Lacey's 11-year-old friend, Connie Gent, at Terri's house at Killamarsh, Derbyshire, in September 2021.

Bendall, who raped Lacey as she lay dying, is now serving a whole-life sentence.

An independent review said probation staff had underestimated the risk Bendall posed, that they failed to carry out adequate background checks and did not display enough "professional curiosity".

In her first interview since taking up the role of chief probation officer in February, Thornden-Edwards told BBC's File on 4 programme that senior staff needed more options when assigning officers to cases.

"Sometimes it's really good to be able to allocate a case where they think the gender will be important," she said.

"It might be really good for a woman to be leading on a domestic abuse case - but also, it might be good for a man to be challenging those kind of issues around masculinity and power from a male perspective."

Thornden-Edwards, who has spent her career in the criminal justice system after qualifying as a probation officer in 1996, said the recruitment of men was an issue the service had always been unable to crack.

She said: "It's been suggested in the past that associations of the probation service with social work has leant it to be viewed by women as more of an attractive career than men."

Two reports, carried out by an external company for the Ministry of Justice, support moves to broaden the mix of gender, ethnic diversity and experience in the probation service.

The findings of the unpublished research - seen by File on 4 - said the service needed to hire more "career changers" in their 30s, 40s and 50s, who could bring skills from different sectors.

Thornden-Edwards said that later this year, the probation service was opening a non-graduate route for trainee officers - with GCSEs the only qualifications needed.

The probation union NAPO has highlighted staff shortages and huge caseloads as the main problems facing the service.

A survey of more than 900 members, conducted by NAPO and passed to the BBC, suggested that more than a third of staff are considering quitting.

File on 4 is on BBC Radio 4 at 20:00 BST on Tuesday 4 April and afterwards on BBC Sounds.

George Michael won a fan poll with more than one million votes

Kate Bush and George Michael are among the artists who will be inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame at this year's ceremony, it has been announced.

The stars will be joined on the roll of honour by country legend Willie Nelson and singer-songwriter Sheryl Crow.

Artists are eligible to enter the hall 25 years after their first single, and rap innovator Missy Elliott makes the cut in her first year of eligibility.

Bush had been nominated three times before - in 2018, 2021 and 2022.

While she has not released new music since 2011, she has seen a resurgence in popularity thanks to the use of Running Up That Hill in hit drama Stranger Things.

Kate Bush could make a rare public appearance if she accepts the honour in person

The song went viral on TikTok after the Netflix show premiered last year, ultimately going on to top the charts in the UK, 38 years after it was first released.

If the star travels to New York to accept her induction, it would mark her first public appearance since 2014. Most musicians who enter the Rock Hall attend and perform at the ceremony, although some have declined.

Bush's Hall of Fame nomination prompted some controversy, after one of the voters admitted they were not acquainted with her songs. Bush's career in the US was never as mainstream as the UK.

Speaking anonymously to Vulture about the 2023 nominees, the voter said: "I've got to admit that I'm not too familiar with her music, so I don't know if I would vote for her. I want to make sure I know the catalogue."

Their comment sparked an angry response from fellow singer Courtney Love, who tweeted: "Bro! The rest of us have been LIVING KATE BUSH since 1977!"

"Too much power in the hands of IDIOTS," she added.

Courtney Love was incensed that Kate Bush had not been inducted to the Hall of Fame on her previous three attempts

In a later column for the Guardian, Love argued that the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, which was established in 1983, was guilty of marginalising female artists.

The musician noted that only nine of the 31 people on the nominations committee are women, and claimed that 90% of the voters are male.

Of the 13 artists being inducted this year, four are women - with soul legend Chaka Khan receiving the musical excellence award, which recognises artists "whose originality and influence creating music have had a dramatic impact on music".

Nominees who didn't make the cut this year included Cyndi Lauper, the White Stripes, Joy Division/New Order and A Tribe Called Quest.

George Michael won a fan vote, which was counted alongside official ballots in deciding this year's inductees. The former Wham! frontman picked up 1.04 million votes, putting him just ahead of Lauper, who received 928,000 votes and Warren Zevon, on 634,000.

Michael's induction comes on the 40th anniversary of Wham's debut album, Fantastic. The milestone is also being marked by a Netflix documentary and a new greatest hits collection.

Missy Elliott is considered one of the most important rappers of all time, who changed the landscape of hip-hop with her eccentric beats and innovative rhymes.

Her hits include Supa Dupa Fly, Get Ur Freak On and Lose Control - and she has produced and written songs for others including Aaliyah, Destiny's Child and Ciara.

She was back in the UK charts last month with a guest verse on the song Fly Girl by British girl group Flo. The track itself is inspired by, and samples, Elliott's 2002 track Work It.

Missy Elliott's futuristic, alien beats changed the sound of rap, pop and R&B in the 90s and 2000s

Sheryl Crow started out as a backing singer for Michael Jackson, before breaking out as a solo artist with the classic album Tuesday Night Music Club, a record that grew out of late-night jam sessions and brought blues and country back into mainstream pop.

Other inductees this year include LA firebrands Rage Against The Machine and R&B group The Spinners (known as the Detroit Spinners in the UK) whose hits include Could It Be I'm Falling In Love and The Rubberband Man - which became a hit again in 2018 after being featured in the Marvel film Avengers: Infinity War.

Sir Elton John, who was inducted in 1994, will be joined in the Hall of Fame by his lyricist Bernie Tapuin; while DJ Kool Herc will be honoured on the 50th anniversary of hip-hop.

The musician, whose real name is Clive Campbell, is considered the originator of the genre, thanks to a back-to-school party he threw in New York in 1973.

There, he pioneered the technique of playing two copies of the same song at once, alternating between turntables to extend the instrumental portions of funk and soul records, which became the foundation stone of hip-hop.

And Willie Nelson will be recognised in his 90th birthday year for a stellar career that spans seven decades.

The country legend started out as a songwriter in the 1960s, penning hits like Patsy Cline's Crazy and Ray Price's Night Life. He later became a leading voice of the outlaw country movement, achieving commercial success with the albums Red Headed Stranger and Stardust.

The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame ceremony will be held at the Barclays Center in New York in November.

The chief executive of NatWest, Dame Alison Rose, is facing pressure from the government to resign.

Downing Street and Chancellor Jeremy Hunt have "significant concerns" over her conduct, BBC News has been told.

She has apologised for discussing the closure of Nigel Farage's account at NatWest's private banking arm Coutts with a BBC journalist, saying it was a "serious error of judgement".

NatWest earlier said it still had full confidence in Dame Alison at the helm.

Dame Alison's apology on Tuesday afternoon comes after the BBC apologised for its inaccurate report earlier this month which said Mr Farage's account was being closed because he no longer met the wealth threshold for Coutts, citing a source familiar with the matter.

Mr Farage, the former leader of the UK Independence Party and Brexiteer, first reported in early July that his account had been closed.

In her first admission that she had been involved, Dame Alison said in conversations with BBC business editor Simon Jack "she had confirmed that Mr Farage was a Coutts customer and he had been offered a NatWest bank account".

She said she had believed this was public knowledge.

The NatWest boss said she had not revealed any personal financial information about Mr Farage.

"In response to a general question about eligibility criteria required to bank with Coutts and NatWest I said that guidance on both was publicly available on their websites.

"In doing so, I recognise that I left Mr Jack with the impression that the decision to close Mr Farage's accounts was solely a commercial one," she said.

She added: "I was wrong to respond to any question raised by the BBC about this case. I want to extend my sincere apologies to Mr Farage for the personal hurt this has caused him and I have written to him today."

Dame Alison has also faced calls to resign from Mr Farage and several Tory MPs including former cabinet minister David Davis.

Simon Clarke, Conservative MP for Middlesbrough South and East Cleveland, tweeted that the chancellor would be right to have concerns.

"The whole issue has been a disgrace from start to finish," he wrote.

MP Saqib Bhatti, the Conservative Party's vice-chairman for business, earlier said: "While it's not for politicians to determine what the company should do, her position would appear to now be untenable."

Mr Farage has said that Coutts did not give him a reason when it decided to close his account.

But Mr Farage had obtained a document outlining his suitability as a Coutts client.

The document had concerns that he was "xenophobic and racist", and assessed the reputational risk of having Mr Farage as a customer.

Dame Alison said that Coutts had told her the account closure had been for commercial reasons.

She said when she spoke to the BBC's Simon Jack she had not seen the dossier obtained by Mr Farage.

Speaking before the report of concerns being expressed by Downing Street and Jeremy Hunt, the chairman of NatWest Group, Sir Howard Davies, said that "after careful reflection" the board members had decided the chief executive retained their "full confidence".

A spokesperson for the Treasury said: "We have been clear that people should be able to exercise lawful freedom of expression without the fear of having their bank accounts closed.

"The Economic Secretary to the Treasury has written to some of the UK's biggest banks to reinforce that this is a fundamental right, and we will take the action necessary to protect it."

The Economic Secretary, Andrew Griffith, is meeting bank leaders on Wednesday to discuss the issue of account closures.

People have used the relative lull in fighting to go outside their homes

Rival factions of Sudan's military agreed to renew a three-day ceasefire, shortly before it was due to expire.

The extension - for another 72 hours - follows intensive diplomatic efforts by neighbouring countries, as well as the US, UK and UN.

But there are continuing reports of heavy fighting in the capital Khartoum.

The previous truce allowed thousands of people to attempt to flee to safety, while dozens of countries have tried to evacuate their citizens.

Almost two weeks of fighting between the army and a rival paramilitary group have left hundreds dead.

The ceasefire had been expected to end at midnight local time (22:00 GMT on Thursday).

Early on Thursday evening the Sudanese regular army agreed to an extension, and its rival the paramilitary Rapid Support Forces (RSF) followed suit hours later.

South Sudan has offered to host peace talks, and the army has agreed to send representatives to the talks.

Despite the bitter past and years of conflict that led to South Sudan's separating from Sudan in 2011, the two nations now enjoy cordial relations.

US Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Washington was "very actively working" to extend the truce, adding that while imperfect it had reduced violence.

But White House spokeswoman Karine Jean-Pierre later said the situation could worsen at any moment.

Abiy Ahmed, prime minister of neighbouring Ethiopia where the Africa Union is headquartered, tweeted that he had called up both of the rival generals to urge them to settle their differences amicably.

On Friday, a Turkish military plane on an evacuation mission was shot at as it was landing at an airport outside Khartoum. No-one was injured and the RSF denied accusations by the army that it was involved.

Meanwhile the RSF and eyewitnesses said the army had been pounding its positions in Khartoum.

The foreign minister in the former civilian government, Maryam al-Sadiq al-Mahdi, told the BBC from her home in Khartoum that despite the ceasefire, civilians were still living in fear.

"What they call a truce has nothing to do with what is happening," she told BBC Radio Four's World Tonight programme. "The bombardment by the aeroplanes is taking place almost all day and night."

Fighting has also been reported in the western Darfur region and other provinces.

At least 512 people have been killed in the fighting and almost 4,200 injured, although the real number of deaths could be much higher.

The World Health Organization said it expected there to be "many more" deaths due to outbreaks of disease and a lack of services.

Health officials say most hospitals in conflict areas are not functioning, and more than 60% of health facilities in Khartoum are inactive.

David Miliband, the head of the International Rescue Committee and former British foreign secretary, said the international community was in danger of neglecting the wider crisis in Sudan in the rush to evacuate foreign nationals.

"The fact that for the last 10 days pretty much all the media coverage and the vast bulk of political attention has been on getting out thousands of people and not on the need to tend to millions of people really sticks in the gullet," he told the BBC.

"Of course the lives of the thousands who need to evacuate are important, but what about the 45 million who are left?

"Sudan's population has 15 million people in humanitarian need and I think part of our call today as the International Rescue Committee is to say let's not fall into that trap of thinking that once thousands are evacuated the problem is solved."

An army statement quoted by Reuters new agency said it had taken control of most of Sudan's regions but "the situation is a bit complicated in some parts of the capital".

It has not been possible for the BBC to verify the army's claims.

Foreign nations, including the UK, have been urging their citizens to leave the country as soon as possible.

Speaking on Thursday evening, Ms Jean-Pierre urged Americans to depart within the next 24 hours.

Evacuations are continuing, but many foreigners are still stuck in Sudan. Some have struggled to get to the airstrip used for evacuations.

Local civilians are continuing to flee the capital, where there are problems with supplies of food, water and fuel.

The number of Sudanese fleeing the fighting in Darfur have outnumbered Chadian residents in the village of Koufroun on the other side of the border, the UN children's charity says.

Chad would not be able to sustain the influx of refugees if the situation worsened in Sudan, Unicef's Donaig Le Du told BBC Newsday.

The fighting broke out on 15 April as the result of a bitter power struggle between the regular army and RSF.

Army commander Gen Abdel Fattah al-Burhan and RSF chief Gen Mohamed Hamdan Dagalo, better known as Hemedti, disagree about the country's proposed move to civilian rule, and in particular about the timeframe of the 100,000 strong RSF's inclusion into the army.

Both factions fear losing power in Sudan because on both sides there are men who could end up at the International Criminal Court for war crimes committed in Darfur almost 20 years ago.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Emotional reunions across the world as evacuees arrive home from Sudan

NHS doctor Abdulrahman Babiker was evacuated from Sudan on Friday after initially being turned away

The UK government has told NHS doctors in Sudan they can now catch evacuation flights out of the country, in a U-turn on its previous policy.

More than 20 NHS medics were initially told they could not board flights because they were not British nationals - although they have UK work permits.

The government confirmed to the BBC that non-Britons in Sudan working for the NHS could be evacuated.

The change comes just hours before the UK's final rescue flights out of Sudan.

Fighting erupted in capital Khartoum two weeks ago due to a power struggle within the Sudan's military leadership.

A UK government spokesperson told the BBC the evacuation criteria had been extended to non-British nationals in Sudan working "as clinicians within the NHS, and their dependents who have leave to enter the UK".

The spokesperson added that the government was working with partners to "maintain the ceasefire and bring an end to fighting - the single most important thing we can do to ensure the safety of British nationals and others in Sudan".

Countries have been frantically rescuing their citizens, with the latest evacuations happening during a US-brokered ceasefire, which has not held.

On Friday evening, the US also reportedly started evacuating civilians on buses - with a convoy carrying some 300 people leaving Khartoum and heading towards the coastal city of Port Sudan, according to US media. It appears to be the first evacuation of non-diplomat Americans from Sudan.

British nationals and the NHS doctors hoping to leave Sudan had until midday local time (11:00 BST) to reach the Wadi Saeedna airfield.

They were instructed to make their own way to the airfield.

The Ministry of Defence has told the BBC flights will continue to leave Sudan until all those people who registered at the airfield before the deadline have been evacuated.

More than 1,650 people have been evacuated from Khartoum and more than 1,000 have been flown to the UK, it added.

The Foreign Office has also announced consular support in the coastal city of Port Sudan, with an office established at the Coral Hotel.

It advised British nationals to visit the team for help or call the 24-hour helpline on +441908 516 666.

The Foreign Office said the last flights marked "the end of a successful evacuation operation" and it was winding up evacuations due to "declining demand for seats".

It added that the UK has "set up a limited consular presence at Port Sudan to signpost British nationals to available options for departure".

Stories emerged this week of National Health Service doctors being turned away from the airport in Khartoum - and the Foreign Office repeatedly told the BBC that only British passport holders and their dependents were able to get on the flights.

They insisted anyone with a work permit was welcome in the UK, but must make their own way there.

On Friday evening, a message was circulated by the Department of Health and Social Care to NHS doctors in Sudan, telling them to make their way to Wadi Saeedna airfield, just north of the capital, for evacuation.

The text, seen by the BBC, tells any medical staff with leave to remain to bring dependents and proof of NHS employment.

The change comes after the case of Sudanese doctor Dr Abdulrahman Babiker, who was initially refused a place on a British evacuation, made headlines.

Dr Babiker landed back in the UK on Saturday after he was successfully evacuated on a flight to Cyprus which landed there on Friday evening.

He told the BBC he was "really glad" that the UK government had changed its guidance - but said there was "just one day only" for his colleagues in Sudan to make the last flights.

After he landed in Cyprus, he said he had "mixed feelings", saying: "I am happy that I am finally in a safe place, away from a war and on my way back to the UK. At the same time I feel down that my family (my dad, mum, brother and sister) are still endangered by this deadly fighting in my country.

"I am thinking about them now and trying to work out what I can do to help them escape the danger zone."

Speaking to the BBC from Stansted Airport after finally making it home, Dr Babiker thanked the journalists who highlighted the position of NHS doctors trapped in Sudan and the UK government for changing evacuation guidance, as well as colleagues for their support.

The Manchester Royal Infirmary doctor is planning to fly to the UK later and is due back at work on Tuesday.

Dr Abdulrahman Babiker is due back at work at the Manchester Royal Infirmary where he has been working for four years

The British Medical Association had called on the government to "ensure all NHS doctors, and their families, including those on UK visas are evacuated".

Those comments were echoed by Labour shadow foreign secretary David Lammy, who said if there was a reduced demand for evacuation flights while the ceasefire is ongoing, then the government should widen its criteria to include British residents trying to flee Sudan.

He added: "It cannot be right for the government to clap for NHS doctors one day and then turn them away from evacuation flights out of a conflict zone the next."

The UK's evacuations to the RAF base in Cyprus began last Tuesday.

Other countries have also been evacuating their citizens, and the UN refugee agency said around 33,000 refugees fled from Khartoum to refugee camps in Sudan's White Nile state.

People evacuate war-torn Sudan, as RAF aircraft transports British nationals from Wadi Saeedna airfield to Cyprus

Heavy fighting between the Sudanese army and its rival paramilitary Rapid Support Forces (RSF) has killed at least 512 people, and injured almost 4,200.

Missiles and heavy weaponry has also damaged the country's key infrastructure, including access to clean water and the internet. Health officials say most hospitals in conflict areas are not functioning, and more than 60% of health facilities in the capital, Khartoum, are inactive.

Despite the ceasefire, fighting has not come to a halt and eyewitness have reported fighting in Khartoum, the western Darfur region and other provinces.

The truce - due to end at midnight local time on Thursday (23:00 BST) - was extended for a further 72 hours.

US Secretary of State Antony Blinken - who mediated talks alongside neighbouring countries, the UK and UN - said that while the ceasefire was imperfect, it had reduced violence.

The UK Foreign Office called the evacuation effort "the longest and largest evacuation effort of any Western country".

Are you in Sudan? If you are preparing to leave on an evacuation flight share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The parents of missing Jack O'Sullivan say it's "hell on earth" without him

The parents of missing student Jack O'Sullivan say they are living in "hell on earth" without him.

Catherine and Alan O'Sullivan's 23-year-old son has not been seen or heard from by his family since he went to a house party in Bristol on 2 March.

Mrs O'Sullivan said: "I want the world to try and give me an answer to where Jack is. It's horrific."

The family is urging anyone in the Hotwells area on that date to come forward with information.

Mr O'Sullivan was last seen at 03:15 GMT in the area of Brunel Lock Road and Brunel Way in Bristol on 2 March and his family have been searching each day since then.

Jack O'Sullivan was last seen on CCTV in the Cumberland Basin area of Bristol

Mrs O'Sullivan said it was very out of character for Jack to go missing suddenly and that his 23rd birthday on 28 March was "horrific" without him.

"Jack's birthday was hell on earth and this last few days it's getting harder because the answers are just not coming," she said.

She said when she realised Jack had not come home after the house party, she knew "instantly" something had happened.

"Jack had been out, he had messaged me, everything seemed fine we weren't expecting him to be that late but when we awoke at 5.25am I instantly knew there was a problem because it was so unlike Jack.

"We could only go by phone messages that we were getting on my phone from a family group chat and it was giving me a location in Hotwells as to where Jack was.

"So we go there and really nothing came to light, and here we are nearly 30 days after that moment with no further information or sighting."

Alan and Catherine O'Sullivan have retraced their son's last known steps at different times of the day to try to work out what might have happened

She said they were "at a loss" as to what could have happened to him for three and a half hours between when he left the party and his last phone signal.

"There is not a lot of sense to it," she said.

The family has been out many times in the night searching for him and retracing his last known steps.

"It just doesn't add up. We were very shocked to see how well lit the area was in the middle of the night.

"I was expecting it to be really dark and then to think well someone could trip but it's lit up like in the middle of the day," Mrs O'Sullivan said.

Det Insp Jason Chidgey said Avon and Somerset Police is still trying to establish Jack's movements following the last sighting of him on CCTV.

Specialist officers have carried out "a significant number of searches" in the area with support from the dive team, drones and dogs.

"Public awareness is key to this case," Det Insp Chidgey said.

"We're trying to establish what happened and exactly where Jack might be to try and answer some of those questions that the family have.

"They're going through a very difficult time and they're suffering quite a lot."

Jack O'Sullivan was last seen on 2 March leaving a house party in Bristol

Police have appealed for anyone who was driving in the Cumberland Basin area, or who may have dashcam footage, to make contact.

Jack O'Sullivan is described as white, about 5ft 10ins (1.7m), of slim build, with short brown hair.

He was wearing a quilted green/brown Barbour jacket over a beige woollen jumper, with navy chinos and brown leather trainers with white soles.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The chancellor has praised a Tory MP for apologising after he admitted he gave other MPs' personal phone numbers to someone on a dating app.

Jeremy Hunt said William Wragg had been "courageous" in telling the Times he was sorry for the "hurt" he had caused.

Mr Wragg told the newspaper he had been "scared" because the individual had "compromising things on me".

It follows reports at least 12 men in political circles received unsolicited messages, raising security concerns.

The men are reported to include a government minister, advisers and political journalists based at Westminster.

Some had been sent naked images, and two MPs are reported to have responded by sending images of themselves.

Mr Wragg has not been suspended as a Conservative MP and the party's whips office - in charge of party discipline - is not commenting, citing an ongoing police investigation.

However, some MPs have privately expressed surprise that Mr Wragg has not lost the Conservative whip. At least one Tory MP has contacted the whips' office to say he should be suspended from the parliamentary party.

The BBC has attempted to contact Mr Wragg, who is standing down as an MP at the general election, for comment.

A Leicestershire Police spokesperson said the force was "investigating a report of malicious communications" that had been made to them last month.

The Metropolitan Police said it was in contact with Leicestershire Police and Parliament's security team, adding: "We will assess any reports made to us accordingly."

One former MP, who is gay, has told the BBC he was targeted by someone calling themselves "Charlie", who claimed - wrongly - that he had previously worked for Mr Wragg.

"The last part of that message was 'Westminster misses you…' and that was basically something that friends usually do say anyway to make me feel better," he added.

"I was starting to feel bad actually. I was embarrassed thinking I'm speaking to someone who knows who I am and I'm trying desperately not to come across as rude."

The next message said: "I've just become single so I'm hanging out with the Westminster gays."

The former MP explained he was in a relationship, but further flirtatious messages followed. After "Charlie" sent an explicit image, the former MP blocked him.

BBC News has also seen similar messages sent from the same number to a political journalist.

The BBC has also spoken to a man who works for an MP, who was messaged "out of the blue" last autumn by someone calling themselves "Abi" with a female profile picture.

The staffer said they claimed to know him from work, and mentioned an event he had attended.

But he grew suspicious when he asked who they were, and they replied with information that was "clearly wrong".

He said he ignored them, but they continued to message him. He told the BBC he learned five or six months later that someone else had received messages from a person with the same number and similar picture.

The MP's staff member said he would be "very surprised" if Mr Wragg had his number, and he cannot recall ever having met him.

Shadow chancellor Rachel Reeves says Mr Wragg's future is a 'question for the Conservatives'

Speaking to reporters earlier, Mr Hunt said the reports of unsolicited messages were a "great cause for concern" but Mr Wragg had "given a courageous and fulsome apology".

He added that the reports should be a "lesson" to both MPs and members of the public that they need to be careful about cyber-security.

It is unclear who is behind the unsolicited messages. Some MPs have expressed concerns that a foreign power, such as China and Russia, could be involved.

Commons Speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle has written to MPs telling them it would be "unwise" to speculate, and promising to keep them "updated on developments".

Mr Wragg, who is vice chair of the influential 1922 committee of backbench Tory MPs, told the Times said he had sent intimate pictures of himself to a man he met on gay dating app Grindr.

"They had compromising things on me. They wouldn't leave me alone," added the 36-year-old, who has been MP for Hazel Grove in Greater Manchester since 2015.

"They would ask for people. I gave them some numbers, not all of them. I told him to stop. He's manipulated me and now I've hurt other people.

"I got chatting to a guy on an app and we exchanged pictures. We were meant to meet up for drinks, but then didn't. Then he started asking for numbers of people. I was worried because he had stuff on me. He gave me a WhatsApp number, which doesn't work now.

"I've hurt people by being weak. I was scared. I'm mortified. I'm so sorry that my weakness has caused other people hurt."

Conservative MP Sir Charles Walker said it would be "madness" for Mr Wragg, a friend of his, to quit as an MP.

He told BBC Radio 4's PM programme Mr Wragg had "been subject to a sting operation by a very clever and manipulative operator".

He added: "I think a lot of people may think that what Will did was misguided, and even stupid, but I also believe that there's a lot of compassion out there.

"I'm not excusing what Will has done, but I do think that he is a victim in this along with all the others."

Labour's shadow chancellor Rachel Reeves said the incident was "incredibly concerning," and the police investigation "should be able to take its course".

She declined to offer a view on whether Mr Wragg, who also chairs the Commons constitutional affairs committee, should resign, adding it was a "question for the Conservatives".

Liberal Democrat leader Sir Ed Davey would not be drawn on whether Mr Wragg should be suspended, adding it was a question for the Tories.

He added that he did not believe any of his party's MPs had been involved in the apparent phishing incidents.

A House of Commons spokesperson said it took security "extremely seriously" and provided MPs and staff with "tailored advice" to make them aware of risks online.

"We are encouraging anyone affected who has concerns to contact the Parliamentary Security Department," they added.

This content is currently not available

...but we'll be back tomorrow, and we'll have a wealth of music legends to get our ears around.

Sir Elton John will be headlining the Pyramid Stage on Sunday night and has promised to create a "brand new show" for Glastonbury.

His set will wrap up his touring commitments in the UK, and Sir Elton has told Radio 1's Clara Amfo it "couldn't be a more perfect ending".

Elsewhere, in the coveted Sunday afternoon Legend slot Yusuf, also known as Cat Stevens, will take to the stage.

Glasto festival-goers will also be treated to Lil Nas X, Blondie, Queens of the Stone Age, Rudimental, Phoenix, Alt-J, and many, many more.

Today's coverage was brought to you by myself, Christy Cooney, Imogen James and Jasmine Taylor-Coleman in London, as well as our reporters in Glastonbury.

Goodnight and see you tomorrow!

A 15-year-old girl has died after being pulled from the sea at Cleethorpes beach, police have confirmed.

Humberside Police said the girl and a boy, also 15, were airlifted to hospital at about 19:30 BST on Saturday.

The boy received treatment but was later discharged, the force said.

Both children had been reported missing at about 14:00 BST, prompting a search that involved an HM Coastguard helicopter and RNLI lifeboat.

Flowers have been left at the scene of Saturday's tragedy

Flowers and tributes to the girl have been left at the scene.

Police said the girl would not be officially named, at the request of her family.

Det Insp Nathan Reuben said: "Our thoughts and sincere condolences are with the family at this incredibly difficult time. We ask that they are given the time and space to process this tragic news. The family is being supported by specially trained officers.

"We are working together with all the relevant agencies, including Humberside Fire and Rescue and the coastguard, to fully understand the circumstances of the tragic accident."

An HM Coastguard spokesperson said a lifeboat was launched at 16:00 and found the pair "some way" to sea.

They said it had been a very difficult day for everyone involved.

Earlier, police thanked the public for helping with the search.

Follow BBC East Yorkshire and Lincolnshire on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. Send your story ideas to yorkslincs.news@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The owner of British Airways has posted record half-year profits helped by higher fares and the continued rebound in travel post-pandemic.

Airline group IAG reported operating profits of €1.3bn (£1.1bn) after being boosted by a "strong" recovery in leisure travel.

In the same period last year it had posted a loss of €446m.

IAG chief Luis Gallego said the group was aiming to be back at pre-pandemic levels of demand by the end of year.

However, the company - which also owns Iberia, Aer Lingus and Vueling - said that while there was no sign of weakness in forward bookings at the moment, it was "mindful of wider uncertainties" that could affect fuel prices and consumer confidence in the months ahead.

IAG said flight capacity was back to 94% of pre-pandemic levels in the first half of the year.

Fares were up by about 9.5% on average, and revenue reached €13.6bn - an increase of nearly 45% from a year earlier.

IAG said it had seen a "strong leisure traffic recovery", adding premium leisure demand "continued to perform very well".

"Customer demand remains strong across the group, particularly for leisure travel, with around 80% of passenger revenue for the third quarter already booked," said Mr Gallego.

"And our airlines have put in place plans to support operations during the busy summer period."

However, IAG said that some of its operations "are not where we would want them to be and this is affecting our overall customer service".

It said French air traffic control strikes were affecting most of its airlines, while global supply chain issues were "reducing aircraft availability".

The company said British Airways was "particularly affected" because of its "London exposure and complex schedule".

US President Joe Biden is expected to give an address at Ulster University's newly opened Belfast campus on Wednesday

US President Joe Biden will give a key address at Ulster University's newly opened Belfast campus next week, it has been confirmed.

He is visiting NI and the Republic of Ireland to mark the 25th anniversary of the Good Friday Agreement.

His speech at UU's £350m campus, understood to be his sole NI engagement, will take place on Wednesday.

He is expected to leave Northern Ireland that afternoon.

Mr Biden will also attend engagements in Dublin, County Louth, and County Mayo during his four-day visit.

Announcing the Belfast speech, UU vice-chancellor and president Prof Paul Bartholomew said the university was "looking forward to what will be a very special day in [its] history and to hosting President Biden on his first visit to Northern Ireland since becoming president".

The university's Belfast campus, which opened last autumn, "truly reflects the hope and promise" of the Good Friday Agreement "and our aspirations for a positive, prosperous, and sustainable future for everyone", he added.

It is believed Prime Minister Rishi Sunak will also be in Northern Ireland for Mr Biden's visit.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak is expected to be in Belfast for US President Joe Biden's visit

On Saturday Louth County Council confirmed Mr Biden will visit both Dundalk and Carlingford, close to the border with Northern Ireland.

Irish broadcaster RTÉ has reported his visit to the Republic of Ireland may include government receptions at Farmleigh House and Dublin Castle.

It is also believed the US president will attend the Irish presidential residence, Áras an Uachtaráin, to meet Michael D Higgins.

White House spokesperson John Kirby said Mr Biden was expected to address the Oireachtas (Irish parliament) on Thursday.

He will become the fourth US president to do so, following John F Kennedy on 28 June 1963, Ronald Reagan on 4 June 1984 and Bill Clinton on 1 December 1995.

It has also been confirmed that Mr Biden will be in County Mayo on Friday, where he will speak at an event outside St Muredach's Cathedral, Ballina.

Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Leo Varadkar said he was "delighted" Mr Biden would be visiting Ireland.

"When we spoke recently in the White House, President Biden was clear that in celebrating the Good Friday Agreement, we should be looking ahead, not backwards," he said.

The involvement of the United States and of Mr Biden personally had been "essential to the peace process in Ireland", he added.

Irish President Michael D Higgins and his wife Sabina. It is understood Joe Biden will visit the Irish presidential residence, Áras an Uachtaráin, next week

BBC News NI understands Joe Kennedy III, the US special envoy for Northern Ireland, will accompany President Biden on his visit.

It will be his first trip to Northern Ireland since taking up the post of special envoy in December.

Mr Kennedy will stay in Northern Ireland for several days after President Biden travels to the Republic of Ireland, it is understood.

On Thursday Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) Asst Ch Constable Chris Todd said the visit would require a security operation on a scale not seen in Northern Ireland since the G8 summit in 2013.

Last updated on .From the section Premier League

Dominic Calvert-Lewin converted a late penalty as Everton gained a vital point in their battle to avoid relegation with a draw at Europe-chasing Newcastle.

Alexander Isak gave the hosts a 15th-minute lead when he collected Harvey Barnes' ball over the visiting defence, cut inside Jarrad Branthwaite and calmly slotted past Jordan Pickford.

Dan Burn had a goal ruled out for offside and Isak had another attempt cleared off the line, before the visitors were handed a late lifeline as Paul Dummett had his arm around Ashley Young's neck and wrestled him to the ground.

Referee Tony Harrington had not given a penalty, but was advised by the video assistant referee (VAR) to watch the incident on a pitchside monitor, with the spot-kick then given.

Newcastle boss Eddie Howe had no complaints about the decision and said: "When you look at it back, it's the height of Paul's arm around Ashley's neck that swings it."

Meanwhile, Everton boss Sean Dyche wondered why the penalty was not awarded quicker.

"I don't know why they had to look at it 100 times. I've seen it back and it should've been given straight away," said Dyche, who hoped the goal would be a big confidence boost to Calvert-Lewin who had gone 23 games without scoring.

"I fancied Dom to score and I'm pleased he did. Sometimes it starts you off with a penalty and it changes the noise around him. He has been working hard and we're asking a lot of him and Beto."
• None Tuesday's Premier League action as it happened, plus reaction and analysis
• None How did you rate Newcastle's performance? Have your say here
• None What did you make of Everton's display? Send us your views here

Everton stay 16th in the Premier League, but move four points clear of 18th-placed Luton Town, who play at Arsenal on Wednesday.

Despite the draw, the result still set an unwanted club record for the Toffees as this was their 13th successive Premier League match without a win.

The Toffees have now not won in the league since a 2-0 victory at Burnley on 16 December and this draw took them past their 12-game winless run in the Premier League when, under Mike Walker, they failed to win a dozen matches between August and October 1994.

Newcastle stay eighth, a point behind seventh-placed West Ham, who drew 1-1 at home to Tottenham, with the Magpies having a game in hand on the Hammers.

Depending on who wins the FA Cup, seventh may be enough to qualify for Europe which would be something for Newcastle to cling on to from a tough campaign after last year's highs that saw them finish fourth, qualify for the Champions League and reach the Carabao Cup final.

Newcastle had been buoyed with a stunning fightback on Saturday to beat West Ham from 3-1 down before winning 4-3 and they will see this as a missed opportunity to continue the feel-good factor at St James' Park.

The hosts nearly took the lead within the opening two minutes but Everton goalkeeper Jordan Pickford - loudly booed throughout by the home fans having played for Sunderland - made a fine save to parry Harvey Barnes' effort.

But Pickford could not do anything about Isak's strike 13 minutes later for his 19th Newcastle goal of the season. The England goalkeeper then made two excellent saves - to block Jacob Murphy's volley and then acrobatically tip over a powerful effort from Isak.

Both sides had chances in an open second half, with substitute James Garner hitting the post for Everton within six minutes of his introduction.

Newcastle thought they had got a second goal when a quickly taken free-kick released Isak and he crossed for Burn to convert, only for the goal to be ruled out after a VAR review with Isak narrowly offside.

A failure to kill off the game proved costly as Dummett's needless foul gave Everton and Calvert-Lewin the chance to snatch a draw, which they duly took.

Since the Toffees beat Burnley just before Christmas, Sean Dyche's side have lost in the league against Tottenham, Manchester City (twice), Wolves, West Ham, Manchester United and Bournemouth and drawn with Aston Villa, Fulham, Tottenham, Crystal Palace, Brighton and now Newcastle.

Everton have only had one longer top-flight winless run - 14 games from March to September in 1937 - and will be looking to avoid an unwanted piece of history when they entertain Burnley on Saturday.
• None Attempt missed. Paul Dummett (Newcastle United) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Fabian Schär with a cross following a set piece situation.
• None Dwight McNeil (Everton) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
• None Youssef Chermiti (Everton) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
• None Fabian Schär (Newcastle United) wins a free kick on the right wing.
• None Attempt blocked. Fabian Schär (Newcastle United) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Bruno Guimarães.
• None Attempt blocked. Sean Longstaff (Newcastle United) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Alexander Isak.
• None Attempt missed. Dwight McNeil (Everton) left footed shot from the left side of the box is too high. Assisted by Dominic Calvert-Lewin.
• None Goal! Newcastle United 1, Everton 1. Dominic Calvert-Lewin (Everton) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom left corner.
• None Penalty conceded by Paul Dummett (Newcastle United) after a foul in the penalty area. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page

Despite the reported progress in 2023, previous few years saw an alarming rise in deforestation

Deforestation in Brazil's Amazon fell by 33.6% in the first six months of President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva's term compared with the same period in 2022, the government says.

Its suggests the rainforest shrank by 2,649 sq km this January-June, down from 3,988 sq km in those six months last year under President Bolsonaro.

The released government satellite data has not been independently verified.

Lula has pledged to end deforestation, or forest clearance, by 2030.

But he faces a huge challenge to achieve this target, as the area of rainforest still reported to be lost under his rule is more than three times the size of New York City.

The past few years have seen an alarming rise in deforestation.

The Amazon rainforest is a crucial buffer in the global fight against climate change.

The new satellite data was presented by Brazil's National Institute of Space Research (Inpe) on Thursday.

"We have reached a steady downward trend in deforestation of the Amazon," Environment Minister Marina Silva told reporters.

Inpe singled out June as the month that saw a record 41% drop in forest clearance compared with the same period last year.

Lula, who took office in January, has vowed to reverse policies of his far-right predecessor Jair Bolsonaro, who promoted mining in indigenous lands in the Amazon.

Earlier this year, Lula decreed six new indigenous reserves, banning mining and restricting commercial farming there.

Indigenous leaders welcomed the move - but stressed that more areas needed protection.

And while deforestation was reported to have fallen, fires were up in the statistics.

In June alone, satellite monitoring detected 3,075 fires in the Amazon - the highest number since 2007.

Many of the blazes - releasing vast amounts of carbon emissions - have been linked to the clearing of previously deforested areas.

Lula, who previously served as Brazil's president in 2003-2010, has also been pushing for the world's richest nations to pay for various initiatives aimed at saving the rainforest.

In April, research by Global Forest Watch monitoring network showed that an area of tropical forest the size of Switzerland was lost last year around the world as tree clearance surged.

It said that some 11 football pitches of forest were lost every minute in 2022, with Brazil dominating the destruction.

It suggested that a political pledge to end deforestation made by world leaders at the UN Climate Change Conference in Glasgow in 2021 was well off track.

The Amazon is the largest rainforest in the world, and 60% of it is in Brazil.

Due to the large number of trees growing there, it is often called "the lungs of the planet" on account of how the trees absorb carbon dioxide and release oxygen.

Police officers stand next to missile debris in Kyiv

The head of Ukraine's military intelligence has warned of a swift response to a series of Russian missile strikes on Kyiv.

Gen Kyrylo Budanov said Monday's attacks failed to intimidate people in the capital who just got on with life.

All the missiles were shot down, officials said, and there were no reports of casualties.

However flaming debris from the intercepted missiles landed in residential areas in central Kyiv.

Monday's attack followed two nights of heavy drone strikes, the latest in some 16 air attacks on the Ukrainian capital this month.

The latest was unusual because it came during the day and seemed targeted at the city centre, whereas other strikes on Kyiv in May have been at night and directed at key infrastructure or air defences on the outskirts.

Gen Budanov said he wanted to "upset" Russia's supporters by letting them know people in Kyiv were undeterred by the attack and had continued working after it.

"All those who tried to intimidate us, dreaming that it would have some effect, you will regret it very soon," he added in a statement published by Ukraine's intelligence ministry. "Our answer will not be long."

According to reports, only one person was injured and all missiles were destroyed by Ukrainian air defences. Russian authorities claimed all their targets had been hit.

Air raid sirens reportedly also rang out across several other Ukrainian regions.

Local military commanders in Kyiv accused Russia of changing its tactics and deliberately targeting the civilian population. It certainly appears that Moscow wants to step up its pressure on Ukraine even further ahead of any counter-offensive.

Oleksandr Scherba, ambassador-at-large at Ukraine's ministry of foreign affairs, told the BBC that the last few days had been very difficult for Kyiv residents.

"Almost every night, the skies look and sound like another Star Wars episode, but we don't feel much of Russian rockets hitting their targets here within the city area. And this is all thanks to the decent countries, decent people of the world who gave us this air defence," he said.

Living in the capital was anything but normal at the moment, Mr Scherba said, adding that the drone attacks and sleepless nights had become "part of our routine".

On Sunday, Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky praised his country's air defence forces after Kyiv sustained the largest drone attack since the war began.

"You are heroes," said Mr Zelensky, after military commanders said most of the drones launched by Russia were brought down.

In its recent attacks, Russia - which launched its full-scale invasion in February 2022 - has been using kamikaze drones as well as a range of cruise and ballistic missiles.

Analysts say Moscow is seeking to deplete and damage Ukraine's air defences ahead of its long-expected counter-offensive.

Ukraine has been planning a counter-offensive for months. But it has wanted as much time as possible to train troops and to receive military equipment from Western allies.

On Monday, in Russian region of Belgorod, the governor said that several frontier settlements were being shelled simultaneously by Ukrainian forces.

In the meantime, Russian forces have been preparing their defences in the seized regions of south-eastern Ukraine.

Harvey Borrington died from head injuries, including a fractured skull and a bleed on the brain

A woman who killed her disabled three-year-old stepson and filmed him as he lay dying has been given a 15-year prison sentence.

Harvey Borrington died from head injuries including a fractured skull and a bleed on the brain.

Nottingham Crown Court heard Harvey was non-verbally autistic and could not tell his mother he was being abused.

His stepmother Leila Borrington was convicted of his manslaughter following a trial but acquitted of murder.

The prosecution said the 23-year-old struck Harvey several times to the head at her home in Nottinghamshire in August 2021.

She then filmed him lying unconscious on the floor and sent the video to Harvey's father, with a text saying: "Why does this happen to me?"

She did so before she called 999 for an ambulance, and then lied to paramedics when they arrived, claiming Harvey had fallen and hit his head.

Harvey's biological mother, Katie Holroyd, cried as she told the court: "To this day I can't bear to think of him lying on that floor with him dying and her filming him, delaying getting medical help for him."

The video, shot on Borrington's phone, showed her taking Harvey's left arm, lifting it up and letting it drop loosely to the floor.

She then continued to film as he lay not moving on the living room floor.

Leila Borrington was convicted of manslaughter by a jury

Borrington assaulted Harvey at her home in Main Road, Jacksdale, which she shared with Harvey's father.

She inflicted the fatal injuries on 7 August 2021 and he died in hospital two days later.

The court heard Harvey was killed following a history of abuse by Borrington.

Jonas Hankin KC, prosecuting, said Harvey's age and disability made him vulnerable, which were aggravating features.

"He was severely non-verbally autistic," Mr Hankin said.

"His challenging behaviour demanded greater empathy and kindness from his carers. It cannot justify the defendant's offending in any way."

Borrington told the trial she had never harmed Harvey, maintaining he had fallen off a sofa and banged his head.

However, an expert witness called by the prosecution said she believed Harvey had died as a result of "direct blunt force trauma", sustained after Borrington assaulted the youngster.

Sentencing Borrington, Mr Justice Nicklin told her: "Precisely what happened to Harvey only you know, but by their verdict the jury were sure that your account of Harvey having fallen, hitting his head on the floor, was not the truth or at least not the full truth.

"The jury's verdict shows they were sure you had assaulted Harvey, causing the very serious head injuries that led to his death."

Borrington was also convicted of inflicting grievous bodily harm for previously breaking Harvey's arm, and assault occasioning actual bodily harm for an incident in which she squeezed his cheeks.

She was given a two-year prison sentence and a six-month term for these offences, to be served concurrently with her manslaughter sentence.

The judge also said she would serve two-thirds of the 15-year sentence in prison before being released on licence.

Harvey's mother described him as "my world" and a "treasured grandson" to her parents.

"To have it confirmed that Harvey before his death had been assaulted by Leila Borrington will be a life-long trauma for me, a recurring nightmare which I will never be able to wake from," she told the court.

She cried as she explained that her son's disability meant he could not tell her about the abuse being inflicted by his stepmother.

"He couldn't tell me he didn't want to go [to stay with Borrington]," she said.

An NSPCC spokesperson said the case "highlighted the vulnerability of young children and those with disabilities, who are entirely dependent on those who care for them and are at increased risk of abuse".

Dona Parry-Jones, a senior crown prosecutor at CPS East Midlands, said Harvey had "died at the hands of someone who should have been there to care for him and nurture him".

Det Insp Simon Harrison, of Nottinghamshire Police, said the case had been "disturbing and upsetting" to work on.

"The death of any child is a tragedy, but there is something especially awful about cases of this nature," he said.

"As a police officer I am pleased that justice has now been done, but I am aware that no custodial sentence can adequately reflect the pain and anguish felt by Harvey's family.

"My thoughts, and the thoughts of my colleagues, remain with them today."

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The two greeted each other warmly before heading inside Number 10

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has met Benjamin Netanyahu at Downing Street as the Israeli leader faces domestic turmoil over judicial reforms.

Mr Sunak greeted Mr Netanyahu outside No 10 before talks over security and the threat from Iran.

Mr Netanyahu will also meet Home Secretary Suella Braverman on his one-day visit.

Hundreds of protesters gathered at the gates of Downing Street to demonstrate against the Israeli PM's policies.

There was a cacophony, including shouts of "shame" and "traitor", as Mr Netanyahu made the short walk from his convoy to the steps of Number 10.

A planned photo opportunity for media at the start of the talks was cancelled, and there was no joint statement.

The visit comes at a time of political turmoil in Israel, with the country gripped by months of some of the biggest demonstrations in its history.

Mr Netanyahu has defied calls to scrap a shake-up of the legal system, amid warnings the crisis is not only causing social upheaval but could harm Israel's security.

Growing numbers of military reservists are refusing to serve in protest.

Thursday saw tens of thousands of Israelis take to the streets across the country, in scenes which have been repeated weekly and escalated since the start of the year.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Itamar Eichner This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Downing Street said that in his meeting with Mr Netanyahu, Mr Sunak "stressed the importance of upholding the democratic values that underpin our relationship, including in the proposed judicial reforms in Israel".

It said the two men also discussed the war in Ukraine and Iran's "destabilising activity", as well as its nuclear programme. It said the leaders welcomed an agreement signed this week aimed at deepening technical, trade and security ties between the UK and Israel.

Although previous visits to the UK by Mr Netanyahu have been met with demonstrations by pro-Palestinian groups, Friday's protests - led by British and Israeli Jews, with many waving Israeli flags - were an unusual sight.

On the opposite side of the road, hundreds of protesters from the Palestine Solidarity Campaign held a demonstration against Mr Netanyahu's visit and the State of Israel, while a third, small rally was also held nearby by supporters of Mr Netanyahu.

Opponents of the Israeli prime minster say he is using the judicial reforms, which will weaken the power of the Supreme Court among other things, to bolster himself and shield policies of his government - the most right-wing in Israel's history.

Mr Netanyahu has accused critics of disrespecting voters who gave his coalition and its reform platform a commanding win in November's elections.

Rail workers are to strike next month after the RMT union rejected the latest pay deal from train operators.

RMT members will strike on 13 May, the day of the Eurovision Song Contest in Liverpool.

Train operators said they had been "blindsided" by the strike, and denied union claims they had changed their offer.

It follows train drivers' union Aslef calling strikes on 12 and 31 May, and on 3 June, the day of the FA Cup Final.

The offer by the Rail Delivery Group (RDG), which represents train firms, was aimed at ending the long-running dispute.

But the RMT union said accepting it would mean no further strike action could take place further down the line.

There had been ongoing discussions as the union and train firms tried to reach a deal.

Mick Lynch, RMT general secretary, said the (RDG), which represents the train companies, had "reneged on their original proposals and torpedoed these negotiations".

But Steve Montgomery, chair of the RDG Group said the union was "negotiating in bad faith, again denying their members a say on a fair pay deal, needlessly disrupting the lives of millions of our passengers, and undermining the viability of an industry critical to Britain's economy".

Workers at 14 train operators will now go on strike for 24 hours on 13 May.

Previous strikes had been called off when it was clear a new offer from the train firms was on its way.

The union had been considering the detail of the RDG's latest proposals.

They involved one year's pay increase that was dependent on the union agreeing to go into a "dispute resolution process" and, the industry would say, accepting the general principle of changes to working practices.

This would be followed by a second year's pay increase dependent on those reforms being negotiated at individual operators.

But the RMT has rejected the offer because it said it would not be able to call any more strikes if it accepted the first year's 5% pay increase.

The industry argues that has always been clear.

The union is currently balloting its members for another mandate for strike action lasting a further six months.

There were no train strikes in the diary this morning. Now there are four, some of them falling on the day of major sport and music events.

Any hopes the RMT's dispute with 14 train companies was close to being solved, have now been dashed. It's very much not over - unlike the dispute with Network Rail, which saw signallers and maintenance staff accept a deal in March.

The dispute with the train operators always looked harder to resolve than Network Rail, because of the changes to working conditions involved - the strings attached, from the unions' perspective.

There's more misery for passengers on the way - hitting confidence in railway travel again - and workers will lose more pay.

Train companies' separate dispute with the train drivers' union Aslef has never looked close to a resolution, and today it announced three more strike dates.

But today's announcement from the RMT was a surprise, and makes it hard to see how their dispute goes from here.

The RMT's strikes have less impact than they did when Network Rail was involved too. But right now, it looks like there's still plenty of disruption ahead.

The government has a significant role - it holds the purse strings. It has shown no sign recently of being prepared to allow the train companies to put more money on the table.

The last rail strike on 18 March meant only 40% to 50% of trains could run as workers across 14 train operators walked out.

The ongoing dispute has affected services since June last year.

How are you affected by the latest round of rail strikes? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

One boy is in a critical condition after the incident at Blundell's School

A 16-year-old boy has been charged with two counts of attempted murder after a violent assault at a boarding school left two students in hospital.

Police said the accused has also been charged with causing grievous bodily harm with intent at Blundell's School near Tiverton in Devon.

The teenager, who cannot be named because of his age, is due to appear before magistrates in Exeter on Monday.

One of the boys who was injured is in a critical condition, police said.

The other boy remains in a stable but serious condition, both have their families with them and are being supported by officers.

One man, a member of staff at the school, also sustained injuries and was discharged from hospital on Friday, Devon and Cornwall Police said.

The school is working with police, said head teacher Bart Wielenga in a letter to parents

Supt Toby Davies said: "Our thoughts remain with the injured boys and their families in what must be a harrowing time for them.

"My officers are continuing to support them and the wider school community."

The area has been cordoned off for investigations and was expected to remain there for the rest of the day, he added.

He also reminded people that by law the suspect could not be identified.

"These rules are not solely for media organisations to adhere to; they also apply to members of the public and includes information posted via social media," he said.

"This may be seen as interfering with a live investigation and an active criminal trial, and therefore could see those who do not adhere found in contempt of court.

"We therefore remind the public that it is vital that they do not speculate on the identity of either the victims or the suspect in this case."

Blundell's School - which has fees of £41,325 a school year for a boarder - has not commented.

Head teacher Bart Wielenga sent a letter to parents and guardians about the incident, which happened at one of the boarding houses on Friday.

He added the school was working closely with the police and urged parents and guardians not to engage in speculation or post about the incident on social media.

Follow BBC News South West on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Send your story ideas to spotlight@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

We're now closing our live coverage of Prime Minister's Questions - which saw Deputy PM Oliver Dowden and Labour's deputy leader Angela Rayner trade criticism, claims and jibes about child poverty, mortgage costs and bringing inflation down.

You can read more about some of the key issues of the moment here:
• Mortgages to jump by £500 for a million households
• No decision yet on public sector pay rises - Sunak

Join us again next week. We're expecting PM Rishi Sunak to be back at the dispatch box. It will be the last PMQs before the summer recess, and will come a day before three by-elections - seen as an important indicator of the political mood in the country.

Today's page was written by Kate Whannel, Adam Durbin, Andre Rhoden-Paul, Chas Geiger and Ece Goksedef. It was edited by Dulcie Lee and myself, Heather Sharp.

In a way the battle has already been won, as Presdient Emmanuel Macron has got the pension reforms bill through.

But the protesters say they'll keep going, that there may be other means to get it overturned or they hope they'll bring the government down.

However, the law is now going ahead and the government is banking on there being a certain loss of momentum as a result.

It may also be banking on the fact that if the movement radicalises, which it may well do now - as more hardline elements take over and there are outbursts of violence on the streets - then many people will turn away and say it's no longer their fight.

That's what happened with the yellow vests - the gilets jaune - around four years ago.

But we've no way really of knowing what's going to happen in the next few weeks.

Florida's top court has paved the way for the state's six-week abortion ban to take effect, but is allowing voters to have their say on the issue.

The justices have upheld the state's 15-week ban on abortion, in a ruling that means a subsequently passed six-week ban can soon begin.

But the court will also let Floridians decide in November if abortion rights should be sealed in the state charter.

Most Americans back legalised abortion, but most also favour restrictions.

The abortion ballot initiative could energise liberal voters in a presidential swing state that has been trending conservative in recent election cycles.

On Monday, Florida's Republican-appointed justices decided by 6-1 that the state's constitution - specifically its privacy protections - did not apply to abortion access.

A year ago Florida's Republican Governor Ron DeSantis signed into law a six-week abortion ban, but that bill was written so as to be placed on hold until the 15-week ban had cleared legal challenges.

Following Monday's ruling, the six-week ban can take effect within 30 days. Many women do not realise they are pregnant at six weeks.

Planned Parenthood, which runs clinics that provide abortions, and the American Civil Liberties Union were among groups that filed the lawsuit challenging the ban.

An abortion rights protest in Fort Lauderdale in 2022

In a separate ruling on Monday, the Florida Supreme Court decided 4-3 that a proposed constitutional amendment that would protect access to abortion in the state could be included on ballots this November, when the US general election is held.

The ballot question will ask Floridians to vote 'yes' or 'no' to a statement that reads: "No law shall prohibit, penalize, delay or restrict abortion before viability or when necessary to protect the patient's health." Viability refers to when a foetus, or unborn child, might survive outside the uterus, which is usually around 24 weeks.

It adds that "this amendment does not change the Legislature's constitutional authority to require notification to a parent or guardian before a minor has an abortion".

The ballot question was opposed by Governor DeSantis and Florida's Attorney General Ashley Moody, also a Republican.

Ohio, Michigan and Kansas are among states that have passed ballot measures in favour of abortion rights since the US Supreme Court in 2022 overturned a longstanding nationwide right to abortion.

A constitutional amendment in Florida needs to be approved by 60% of voters - a higher threshold than in other states.

If it does pass, voters could effectively reverse both the 15-week and six-week bans on the procedure.

US President Joe Biden, a Democrat, reportedly believes Florida's abortion debate could offer a path to victory for him in that state this November.

In a memo shared with NBC News, his campaign said Florida is "winnable" for the president if he campaigns on the issue.

Mr Biden's Republican challenger, former US President Donald Trump, won Florida in 2016 and 2020.

Russian President Vladimir Putin and his South African counterpart Cyril Ramaphosa at a summit in 2019

South Africa plans to change its law so that it has the power to decide whether or not to arrest a leader wanted by the International Criminal Court (ICC), a deputy minister has told the BBC.

Obed Bapela's remarks come amid intense speculation over whether South Africa stands by its invitation to Russia's President Putin to visit in August.

The ICC has issued an arrest warrant for Mr Putin over the Ukraine war.

South Africa had earlier invited him to attend a summit of Brics leaders.

Russia has not said whether Mr Putin plans to attend the summit.

Meanwhile Pretoria has also granted diplomatic immunity to Russian officials attending, something that its foreign affairs department described as standard procedure.

Brics is intended to strengthen ties between the nations that make it up - Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa.

"In June we'll be submitting the law in parliament," Obed Bapela, a deputy minister in the South African presidency, told the BBC World Service's Newshour programme.

Through the law, South Africa "will give itself exemptions of who to arrest and who not to arrest," Mr Bapela said.

Under its current laws, South Africa is obliged to arrest Mr Putin if he arrives on its shores, as it is a member of the ICC.

But South Africa has refused to condemn Russia's invasion of Ukraine, insisting it wants to remain neutral.

The ICC issued its warrant for Mr Putin in March, accusing him of being responsible for war crimes - though Moscow has rejected such allegations.

South Africa's main opposition party, the Democratic Alliance (DA), has launched a court application to compel the authorities to arrest Mr Putin should he arrive in August.

Mr Bapela said that South Africa was also writing to the ICC about a waiver.

This refers to article 98 of the Rome Statute, the treaty which established the court in 2002.

While article 27 says no-one is immune from prosecution by the ICC, article 98 appears to suggest that the ICC could not ask South Africa to arrest the Russian leader unless Russia agreed to waive Mr Putin's immunity from prosecution.

The deputy minister also lashed out at the ICC for its "double standards", saying the late Nelson Mandela, South Africa's first democratically elected president, would have been disappointed by the war crimes court.

"We never thought that the ICC that we have today will be what it is. They never indicted Tony Blair, they never indicted [George W] Bush for their killings of Iraq people," he said, referring to the former UK and US leaders and their invasion of Iraq in 2003.

"Mandela would have said [that] the inequality, the inconsistency by the ICC, is a problem."

Mr Bapela also pointed to past examples of exemptions of international justice, like the UK's decision not to extradite General Augusto Pinochet in 1998.

The former Chilean dictator was arrested in London at the request of a Spanish judge seeking to put him on trial for human rights abuses during his 17-year rule, but the UK government freed him after 16 months on the advice of medical experts who said he was unfit to stand trial. He died back home in 2006.

Prof Kathleen Stock is due to speak at the Oxford Union on 30 May

Universities must remain places where "contentious views can be openly discussed", University of Oxford academics have warned.

It comes amid a row over the invitation of gender-critical academic Kathleen Stock to take part in a debate.

There had been speculation a decision by the university's student union to split with the Oxford Union debating society was due to the invitation.

But the Oxford University Student Union said the decision was unrelated.

The letter, signed by 44 academics, and published in the Telegraph, stated the signatories represented left and right viewpoints.

It said the group "wholeheartedly condemn" the students' union split with the 200-year-old Oxford Union debating society.

Speaking to the BBC, one of the signatories Dr Michael Biggs, associate professor of sociology at University of Oxford, said he had signed the letter because he is a "strong believer in academic freedom of speech".

He said it was "under threat" as there was "an emerging body of students who have learnt that anybody who has a view that is not their own is hateful and bigoted, and doesn't deserve any opportunity to speak".

Responding to the letter, Prof Stock said she was "very pleased to see there are still those at Oxford University who understand the value of upholding academic freedom, and are prepared to demonstrate this important value in public".

"I hope their example will inspire others to do similar," she added.

In a statement, education minister Claire Coutinho said student debaters "shouldn't be punished for encouraging the free exchange of ideas".

She said the new Freedom of Speech Act "will make sure that universities promote free speech" and people who have their "free speech rights unlawfully restricted on campus can seek redress".

Prof Stock left her job with the University of Sussex in 2021 after protests against her from students following the publication of a book where she questioned the idea that gender identity is more socially significant than biological sex.

After plans for her invite were unveiled last month, the Oxford University LGBTQ+ Society said it was "dismayed", and accused the debating union of "disregarding the welfare of its LGBTQ+ members under the guise of free speech".

Responding to the letter on Wednesday, the society said it stood by its statement, and said it was an "insult" for Oxford Union to give Prof Stock a platform.

Oxford Union has said attendees will have an "opportunity to respectfully engage and challenge" Prof Stock's views at the event on 30 May, as well as being able to ask questions anonymously.

It said there would be "additional welfare resources available on the evening", due to the sensitive nature of the event.

The Oxford Union intentionally resembles the House of Commons

The letter by academics characterised Prof Stock's views as being the belief that "biological sex in humans is real and socially salient" and said they are views which until recently "would have been so commonplace as to hardly merit asserting".

"There is no plausible and attractive ideal of academic freedom, or of free speech more generally, which would condemn their expression as outside the bounds of permissible discourse," it says.

It added the move by the student's union is aimed at damaging the Oxford Union debating society's business model, by banning it from freshers' fairs, which it said is an important source for recruitment of members.

The Oxford Union is a private members club that University of Oxford students and others pay to join. It is independent of the university and the student union.

It said the move is a "a profound failure to live up to" ideals of "free inquiry and the disinterested pursuit of the truth by means of reasoned argument".

In its response, the Oxford University Student Union said national press coverage "erroneously" conflated the opposition to Prof Stock and the decision to split with the Oxford Union.

It said the debate prior to the decision made no mention of Prof Stock or any other speaker, and was due to "long-standing concerns" about "alleged bullying, sexual harassment, discrimination, and data privacy breaches".

It added: "[The student's union] will defend the right of people to freedom of expression, and will defend the right of people to have controversial and unpopular ideas debated as part of an integral part of university life".

There has been ongoing tension in UK universities over freedom of speech on the issue of transgender rights.

Last month, a second attempted screening of a controversial film about gender-critical issues was cancelled due to protest at the University of Edinburgh.

The Oxford Union is celebrating its bicentennial year in 2023, and has a history of welcoming some of the world's most high-profile figures.

Its debating chamber has previously heard from a host of American presidents, and figures like Archbishop Desmond Tutu, Albert Einstein and Stephen Hawking.

It has also drawn controversy, having extended invites to the likes of far-right activist Tommy Robinson and French far-right former politician Marion Marechal-Le Pen.

Their appearances were marked by protests.

Update 5 June: This article originally described the free speech letter as having been signed by 44 academics, and this was amended with a note of correction on 27 May to say it was signed by academics and staff. On review, our original wording was correct and we have amended the article again to make clear that all of the signatories are academics.

Discount offers for households to use less electricity at peak times will return this winter as part of plans to minimise the risk of power cuts.

National Grid ESO said it expected to have sufficient capacity to meet demand but added it would be "prudent" to maintain the energy-saving scheme.

The network operator said the Ukraine war posed "risks and uncertainties" to gas supplies across Europe and Britain.

"Tight days" on the energy grid were likely be in January, it said.

"There will be cold snaps in the winter and therefore we do expect to use our normal operational tools," said a spokesman for National Grid ESO, which is the electricity system operator for England, Scotland and Wales. Northern Ireland has a separate electricity operator..

The so-called Demand Flexibility Service was launched in last November after Russia's gas supplies to Europe were disrupted following its invasion of Ukraine.

In a report looking ahead to the colder months, National Grid said it would have an average margin - which is the difference between the supply of electricity and demand for it - of 4.8 gigawatts. It said this was "slightly higher than last winter" and "broadly in line with those of recent winters".

However, its "base case" scenario assumes normal energy market conditions with no disruptions to supplies.

National Grid said it was taking steps to "minimise the potential impact to electricity customers" in Britain if supplies were disrupted again.

Alongside maintaining its energy-saving scheme for households to get discounts on bills, it said it was holding discussions about having two coal power stations on standby. The amount available to the grid if required has fallen from five in 2022 to two, with two now closed down and one other unable to be called upon.

The UK is heavily reliant on gas to produce electricity, with gas-fired power stations generating more than 40% of the country's electricity. It also imports electricity from continental Europe.

The squeeze on supplies led to household energy bills soaring as gas prices rocketed.

The government stepped in late last year to limit bills to £2,500 a year for a typical household. But, despite gas prices falling back, energy bills remain elevated.

A typical property will pay £2,074 a year for gas and electricity from July, far above winter 2021 when bills were around £1,277.

The Demand Flexibility Service offered people the chance to be paid to use less electricity during peak times when capacity on the grid was tight, but only homes with smart meters were able to take part.

Only 14 million households in England, Scotland and Wales, where the scheme was on offer, have a smart electricity meter installed.

National Grid said 1.6 million households and businesses who were customers of 31 energy suppliers participated in the scheme across 22 "events" last winter.

People were asked to avoid high-power activities, such as cooking or using washing machines for a one-hour period.

It said the amount of energy saved was enough to power almost 10 million homes, but it is not yet known how much money, on average, each household earned.

Individual suppliers decided how much customers received and whether the money was taken off bills, credited to accounts, or if it could be withdrawn as cash.

National Grid said consumers in the south, east and east midlands of England reduced their demand the most.

The operator is consulting energy suppliers to improve the service ahead of the winter.

This story has been updated to clarify that National Grid ESO only operates in Great Britain and that Northern Ireland has a separate electricity operator.

Watch the moment a member of Wimbledon security is booed after asking a crowd member to return a caught ball during Christopher Eubanks' quarter-final against Daniil Medvedev.

Available to UK users only.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

A review for the government has stopped short of recommending a laughing gas ban.

Nitrous oxide, sold in metal canisters, is the second most-used drug by 16 to 24-year-olds in the UK.

Heavy use can lead to a vitamin deficiency that damages nerves in the spinal cord.

But the independent Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs (ACMD) said nitrous oxide should not be banned under the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971.

It comes after the Home Office asked the ACMD to provide advice on whether to make possession of nitrous oxide a crime.

Earlier this year, ministers had been considering a ban on possession of the drug - and on all direct sale of it to consumers - as part of a move to tackle antisocial behaviour.

The ACMD recommended the substance should not be controlled under the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971.

It said sanctions for the offences would be disproportionate with the level of harm associated with nitrous oxide, as well as creating "significant burdens" for legitimate uses of the substance.

Nitrous oxide is regularly used as an anaesthetic in medicine and dentistry, and as a gas for making whipped cream in cooking.

Currently, non-legitimate use of the substance is controlled under the Psychoactive Substances Act 2016, which the council said "remains appropriate legislation".

The Act makes production, supply and importation of nitrous oxide for inhalation illegal, but not possession.

Interventions should also included tackling non-legitimate supply of the drug, like closing down websites.

A Home Office spokesman said: "This government is working to crack down on drug misuse in our communities, that is why we asked the ACMD to provide updated advice on nitrous oxide.

"We thank them for their report, which we will now consider."

Earlier this year, Prime Minister Rishi Sunak addressed laughing gas use in a speech about anti-social behaviour, in which he spoke about instances of "nitrous oxide canisters in children's playgrounds".

The government said it commissioned the report following what it described as a "concerning" rise in young people using the drug, often at festivals, house parties and outside nightclubs.

The Stradey Park Hotel in Llanelli is set to house up to 207 asylum seekers from 3 July

An MP and an opponent of plans to house hundreds of asylum seekers in a hotel have both voiced concerns about people's safety amid protests.

The Stradey Park Hotel in Llanelli, Carmarthenshire, is set to house up to 207 asylum seekers from 3 July.

MP Dame Nia Griffith appealed that nobody should be hurt and said hotel staff were under "immense stress".

Robert Lloyd, of protest group Furnace Action Committee, said the situation was "getting out of control".

"We are trying to object on reasonable grounds but there are elements creeping into town which lead me to fear for people's safety," he said.

Mr Lloyd, who described his group's campaign as "not racist or nimby (not in my back yard) in any way", said he was concerned that "commuter campaigners" were coming into town and being "threatening".

"I worry that somebody's going to be hurt or even killed in all this because it's getting a little bit out of control," he told the BBC Radio Wales Phone-In.

"I can see particularly on social media some of the things that are being said; it's quite awful."

Robert Lloyd said he had heard of a Christian group feeling "threatened" by right-wing groups in the area

Carmarthenshire council, which has said it is "firmly against" the Home Office plan, has confirmed the hotel will accommodate up to 207 people across 77 rooms.

On Tuesday, five boulders appeared at the entrance, with a hotel manager - who did not want to be identified - and the local authority saying they did not know who was responsible.

The Furnace Action Committee denied involvement in placing the boulders, but said it hoped it would help the hotel "see sense".

Dame Nia said: "What I would really stress to people is please don't let anybody get hurt.

"Please do not make it more difficult for the staff at this time, they're under immense stress with worries about their jobs," she told Radio Wales Breakfast.

"People have the absolute right to express opinions and protest but think not to cause any accidents or cause any unnecessary stress on the wrong people."

No group has yet claimed responsibility for placing the boulders

Carmarthenshire council leader Darren Price has previously said he was "outraged" the plan was going ahead.

"Even at this stage I call on the hotel owners, Sterling Woodrow, to reconsider their position and stop this from progressing," he said.

Last week, a couple from Llanelli said the plan has caused them "stress and sleepless nights" after paying £2,000 towards their October wedding at the hotel.

The Home Office said: "The number of people arriving in the UK who require accommodation has reached record levels and has put our asylum system under incredible strain.

"Under normal circumstances, someone seeking asylum in the UK would stay in a hostel-style accommodation, before being provided with longer term housing.

"Due to a backlog in asylum applications waiting a decision, has led to hotels like Stradey Park to be used."

The WRU was told about unfavourable treatment of female rugby players in a 2021 review

Concerns female rugby players in Wales may have faced "unfavourable treatment" were highlighted to the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) two years before sexism allegations were revealed by BBC Wales.

Extracts of the 2021 independent review have been published as part of a Senedd report that found "systemic failures in the culture of the WRU".

Allegations of sexism and racism were uncovered in January.

The WRU said the report had led to a "great deal" of change.

The previously unseen review of the Wales women's rugby game was written two years before allegations of sexism were highlighted by a BBC Wales Investigates programme in January.

It concluded the WRU was, "facing a significant number of risks not only in respect of the women's performance programme, but as a national governing body (NGB) for rugby in Wales".

The WRU previously resisted calls for the review to be published, including from former board member Amanda Blanc who had criticised the culture at the union.

In the aftermath of the revelations reported by BBC Wales the WRU apologised, its chief executive Steve Phillips resigned and an independent panel was appointed to look at the culture within the organisation.

Acting WRU chief executive Nigel Walker told a Senedd committee the organisation had been in "denial" about the "extent of the problem"

Extracts of the 2021 review are contained within a Senedd sport committee report into the WRU.

One review conclusion titled "legal risk" said: "There is the potential for individuals within the game (currently and formerly) to challenge the WRU with some worrying examples of what could be defined as unfavourable treatment and a lack of equitable provision provided through this review."

Another conclusion titled "reputational risk" said: "The perceived intransigence and reluctance to fully commit to women's performance in respect of investment, profile, culture and leadership will only serve to reinforce views of the WRU as a NGB for men's rugby with little interest in the female game."

In evidence to the committee, the WRU acting chief executive, Nigel Walker said there were 40 recommendations in the 2021 review, and told the committee, "it was obvious that the Welsh Rugby Union had failed women's rugby".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. 'He joked he wanted to rape me', said former Welsh Rugby women's general manager Charlotte Wathan

The Senedd report also highlighted six reports in the past five years of sexist, racist or homophobic complaints within the WRU, with three WRU staff members being subject to disciplinary action following the allegations.

Responding to a question from the committee about non-disclosure agreements, the WRU said it had used four "settlement agreements" in the past five years connected to allegations of sexism, racism and homophobia.

The committee said there was "long-standing toxic behaviour" within the WRU and opportunities were missed to act on "concerning behaviour".

These included "formal complaints, the WRU entering into several settlement agreements in relation to allegations of sexism, racism and homophobia over several years, the review into the women's game and the resignation of Amanda Blanc".

Committee chairperson Delyth Jewell MS said evidence showed the WRU "had seen a failure of governance" and "there were failures in the culture of the union that led to women feeling that they had no choice but to go to the press about what had happened to them".

She said: "That was utterly unacceptable, it should never have happened that way."

Ms Jewell added that women's voices should be kept "at the heart of our deliberations", so when a new review is published "we can have complete faith" that recommendations are actually acted upon.

The Senedd sport committee found a "serious failure of governance" by the WRU

The committee added: "It is unacceptable that it took a BBC documentary for the Welsh Rugby Union to act decisively."

Speaking to the BBC's Walescast podcast earlier this month, Henry Engelhardt, a WRU independent non-executive director and a former chief executive of Admiral Insurance described the BBC investigation as "sensationalism".

But soon after Mr Walker insisted the organisation, including Mr Engelhardt were "remorseful" about what went on in the union.

In its report the committee made several recommendations, including that any future Welsh government funding to the WRU should be compatible with a violence against women strategy.

The committee also called on the Welsh government to review how ministers and civil servants respond to concerns raised with them regarding inappropriate behaviour in organisations in Wales.

The WRU said: "We have already accepted, and did so again at the committee session, that we have much work to do to ensure that we address our past failures and we again express our sincere remorse for the missed opportunities and failures described and offer our sincere apologies to anyone affected.

"We commissioned the independent report into the Women's performance area in 2021 to identify concerns and help us reshape our support for our international players.

"This led to a great deal of change and we are pleased to be able to report that the recommendations have been substantively delivered. We are very proud of the way in which our squad has responded to these changes and we hope that the results are clear to see."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The impact of the 7.4 magnitude earthquake in Taiwan

Rescuers in Taiwan are working to reach more than 600 stranded people, a day after the island experienced its worst earthquake in 25 years.

One survivor has recounted how tremors unleashed rockslides "like bullets" around the coal mine he was working at.

The 7.4 magnitude earthquake hit near the eastern county of Hualien, killing nine and injuring more than 1,000.

Some stuck in tunnels and near a national park have been rescued by helicopters, but 34 are still missing.

The official number of people trapped or stranded rose considerably - from about 100 to 660 - on Thursday as people started getting phone signal back in the mountainous regions.

Almost all are guests and staff of a remote hotel who cannot leave because of damaged roads. Officials are now trying to work out the best way to get them out.

Food supplies have been air-dropped to dozens trapped in these areas, local reports say.

"The mountain started raining rocks like bullets, we had nowhere to escape to, everyone ran beside the sandbags for cover," the survivor, identified by his surname Chu, told Taiwan's Central News Agency.

Three of the nine who died were hikers on a trail leading towards Taroko National Park, named after a landmark gorge, just outside Hualien.

In Hualien city, the capital of the county where the earthquake struck, relief efforts are proceeding quickly, with workers using excavators and other heavy equipment to demolish several damaged buildings.

On Thursday morning, the BBC also witnessed relief workers removing huge boulders - the size of cars - that had fallen close to railway lines so as to get normal train services running again.

They are also using large amounts of gravel and rocks to shore up a 10-storey structure known as the Uranus building, which has been leaning downwards since the quake struck - to prevent it from falling over in case of another aftershock.

Local reports said one female teacher had died in the building when she returned to rescue her cat.

The red brick Uranus building is seen leaning precariously

Hsu Chiu-yueh, who was working opposite the Uranus building when it collapsed, told the BBC: "It was so shaky I could barely walk. I was really scared. I felt my legs were not in control anymore. Thanks to my colleagues, they dragged me so we could get out."

"There was a lot of dust coming into our building on our way out... We [later] realised that it came from the building across the street that had partially collapsed," said the 50-year-old.

Another Hualien resident recounted how the quake threw her home into disarray.

"I was just getting out of bed when a clothes rack and a low cabinet fell over," Ocean Tsai told BBC Chinese.

"It kept getting stronger, and I started worrying about our belongings at home. Fortunately, apart from the motorcycle tipping over, the damage was minimal."

The earthquake, which struck 18km (11mi) south of Hualien, was followed by more than 200 aftershocks, dozens of which were at least 6.5 magnitude or more, hindering search and rescue efforts. Taiwanese authorities expect there to be more aftershocks in the next few days.

Pictures show how the road outside Hualien's Qingshui tunnel - one of many winding roads that run along Hualien's rocky coastline - had simply fallen away.

Routes like Qingshui are popular among tourists because of their spectacular views from the mountains out across the Pacific Ocean. But they are also known to be treacherous, not least because of the possibility of landslides.

Further north, the capital Taipei was also shaken violently with footage showing damaged buildings and people being evacuated. Local TV stations aired clips of smashed vehicles and stores in disarray.

"The earthquake is close to land and it's shallow. It's felt all over Taiwan and offshore islands... It's the strongest in 25 years," Wu Chien Fu, the director of Taipei's Seismology Centre said on Wednesday.

Power cuts and internet outages were reported across the island.

The earthquake also triggered tsunami alerts earlier in the day on Wednesday in nearby Japanese and Philippine islands, but these alerts were later downgraded.

While Taiwan has a history of quakes, both locals and foreigners who have lived in Taipei for years say this is the strongest quake they have experienced in decades.

The last major quake at 7.6 magnitude hit in September 1999, killing 2,400 people and destroying 5,000 buildings.

Additional reporting by Fan Wang in Singapore and BBC Chinese's Tzu-Wei Liu in Taipei

Shifting debris could become dangerous for salvage crews above and below the water's surface.

US Army Colonel Estee Pinchasin looks out at the thousands of tonnes of twisted, broken steel and concrete jutting out from the dark waters of Maryland's Patapsco river, and delivers her assessment: an "unforgiving mangled mess".

"That's the best way to describe this," the fatigue-clad veteran says from the deck of an Army-operated salvage vessel, the Reynolds. "It's hard to explain steel that is cantilevered, bent and smashed with so much force."

The "mess" Col Pinchasin has been tasked with clearing is the tattered remnants of Baltimore's Francis Scott Key Bridge, strewn around - and embedded into - the Dali, a massive 948ft (289m) cargo ship that now sits motionless under an expanse of shredded metal, with partially crushed shipping containers hanging from its sides.

The mangled mess is self-explanatory. But why unforgiving? Because, put simply, anything and everything here is a potential threat to the lives of salvage crews.

The Dali's collision with the bridge in the early hours of 26 March brought the structure down in a matter of seconds, leaving six workers dead and the ship stuck. This has prompted a huge response that has included the US Army Corps of Engineers, Navy, Coast Guard, Maryland authorities and specialist private firms.

The effort aims to unblock the 700ft (213m) wide and 50ft (15m) deep shipping channel, re-float and remove the Dali and clear whatever remains of the estimated 3,000 to 4,000 tonnes of debris from the wider Patapsco.

"Those things are happening simultaneously," Col Pinchasin, the Army Corps of Engineers Baltimore district commander, told the BBC. "But the priority is for the channel, because we need to get those people back to work and help all the businesses that are affected."

The port is one of the busiest on the East Coast of the United States and a key regional hub for goods including steel, aluminium and agricultural equipment. It is used by car-makers including General Motors and Honda. As many as 15,000 jobs depend on it, including 8,000 directly employed there.

Sonar images taken by the US Navy show vast quantities of debris sitting underwater (highlighted in yellow)

The mission has turned the area into a hub of activity, buzzing with small US Navy sonar vessels and police boats, workers testing spark-emitting hydraulic shears, and - so far - seven huge crane barges, including the Chesapeake, a 1,000-tonne capacity crane once used by the CIA to build a ship used to recover a Soviet submarine from the bottom of the Pacific.

Piece by piece, debris will eventually be disassembled and lifted onto barges to be taken away.

"With every layer of debris they remove, they have to go back in and survey the wreckage to see if it reacted the way we thought it was going to," Col Pinchasin said. "Are there any instabilities? Are they things we missed? What did we not see?"

"They need to have discipline and be very self-critical."

The dangerous work of making these determinations has so far fallen on teams of divers who inspect both the ship and the vast, unseen debris field beneath the surface.

They are often unable to see more than a foot or two in the muddy brown waters of the Patapsco, forcing them to be guided by operators in nearby surface vessels.

Their assessments, Col Pinchasin said, are essential to ensuring that larger pieces of debris can be dismantled and removed safely.

"The pieces might be mangled, but there's a lot of force pent-up in how they're sitting right now," she said, gesturing at a large chunk of metal protruding from the shipping channel.

"If you were to cut one of those things, and there's tension there you don't know about and it snaps, people can be in a lot of danger," she added. "We need to know what's connected, and that's why the divers have to go in. They have to feel and reach to verify… but it's like they have their eyes closed."

A separate team of divers, drawn from the ranks of the Maryland State Police, stands ready to dive if and when investigators believe they have found the remains of the three men still missing from the collapse.

The continued search for those men, she added, continues to weigh heavily on the minds of those involved in the salvage operation.

"These are families that did not get to celebrate Easter together," she said. "This is very solemn ground."

Those involved in the operation and maritime experts say that the scope of the operation has few, if any comparisons.

An initial $60m (£47.4m) in emergency funds have been earmarked to cover the work. The true cost may be much higher, with one politician, Maryland Democrat David Trone, telling CBS that the cost could eventually rise to $1bn.

"The scale is the biggest challenge, but also the complexity," said Captain Dan Hoban, a British Royal Engineer who was on a routine exchange with the US Army Corps of Engineers when the bridge collapsed.

"It's a really messy situation. From an engineering perspective, we are trying to figure out where the cuts are going to be made and then incorporate that into a lifting plan," added Capt Hoban, who has been helping with the mission.

"But it needs to be safe for all those operating out there," he added. "Everyone wants to get going quickly, but trying to do so safely and efficiently. We don't want to create a more difficult situation. That's the key."

Large crane barges are also serving as launch pads for extensive dive operations around the Dali

Peter Ford, a long time merchant mariner whose firm SkyRock Advisors specialises in infrastructure projects, said that the "intricacies" of the Baltimore operation made it considerably more hazardous than other complex operations, such as that which freed the Ever Given, after it got stuck in the Suez Canal in 2021.

"This is beyond anything we've seen," he said. "It's all going to be hard. It's the mixture of the infrastructure above and below water and the fact that debris is literally draped over and balancing on the vessel."

Once salvage crews begin cutting larger pieces of the debris, Mr Ford predicts that the constant shifting and movement of the debris and the vessel alike can become a potentially dangerous challenge.

"God forbid that somebody miscalculates and this very sharp steel ends up cutting into a part of the ship where the bunker fuel is, or some sort of hazardous commodities on the vessel are breached and leaked into the ocean," he said.

"This is a game of Jenga you don't want to lose."

Workers plan to use specialised cutting tools and hydraulic shears to remove parts of the Key Bridge

For now, the salvage operation is still in its early stages and is largely focused on assessing the scene and the bridge, removing smaller pieces and have so far opened smaller temporary shipping channels to allow limited maritime traffic to pass through the area.

By the end of April, the Army Corps of Engineers plans to open a limited access channel 280ft (80m) wide and 35ft (10m) deep to allow one-way traffic for barge containers and some roll-on-roll-off vessels that carry cars and equipment.

The entire, permanent channel is expected to be clear and ready for use by the end of May, the "unified command" responsible for the operation said in a statement on 4 April.

That target date, however, may change because of the weather or unforeseen problems with the clearance operations.

"We have to go slow to go fast. Slow is smooth. Smooth is fast," she said. "This is a long haul."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: A view from inside the ship that hit a Baltimore bridge

Healthcare workers care for injured patrons outside the Madrid restaurant

At least two people have died and another ten were injured after a waiter flambéed a dish, accidentally setting fire to an Italian restaurant on a busy Friday evening in Madrid.

One of the injured is in a critical condition and five others have serious injuries.

Plastic plants in the restaurant caught fire during the flambé process, and the flames rapidly spread.

The food is usually covered in spirits and set alight for dramatic effect, sometimes giving it a smoky flavour.

The fire broke out near the entrance of the Burro Canaglia restaurant, which made it harder for people to escape, Spanish newspaper El Pais reported.

The paper also reported that one of those who died was an employee.

Though the blaze was extinguished quickly, it was "extremely intense" and generated "a lot of smoke," the Mayor of Madrid, Jose Luis Martinez-Almeida said.

The mayor said there had been about 30 diners and staff members in the restaurant at the time of the fire.

He warned there would have been more victims had the firefighters taken longer to attend the scene, adding that it was extinguished within 10 minutes from the first warning of the blaze.

Police have launched an investigation into the causes of the fire.

An egg-freezing cycle involves taking drugs to boost your production of eggs, which are later collected and frozen

Record numbers of women are freezing their eggs in the hope of having a family later in life, according to a new report.

More than 4,000 patients froze their eggs in 2021, compared to 2,500 in 2019, the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority (HFEA) said.

The "dramatic rise" could be linked to the pandemic, a charity said.

But doctors warned there needed to be more awareness of the pros and cons.

Sarah Norcross, director of the Progress Educational Trust fertility charity, said some women had considered their fertility during the lockdowns.

"Restrictions on socialising may have prompted some women to think more about their fertile window, and decide to try to increase their reproductive choices," she said.

Despite the number of egg collections increasing, less women decided to donate their eggs for another woman to use, according to the report.

There were nearly 1,500 new egg donors in 2019 but this dropped to just over 1,400 in 2021.

Helen Henry donated some of her eggs at the same times as having some frozen

Helen Henry, from Thurrock in Essex, donated some of her eggs when she had hers frozen 10 years ago at the age of 34.

She was in a long-term relationship with a partner at the time, who did not want children.

"I remember having counselling explaining the reason why I wanted to freeze my eggs and being given the opportunity to donate as well. I took that option as I wasn't just doing it for myself.

"After donating I started to feel quite guilty. I wasn't sure that I had done the right thing. What if the mother of the child isn't a good one? What if the child ends up in foster care? What if it's neglected?

"Fast forward a few years, I found out that a baby girl was born in December 2011 from my donation. Finding out a child was born made those guilty feelings go away," she said.

Ms Henry went on to have her own children with a new partner, and never used her frozen eggs, which have now been disposed of.

"I fell pregnant naturally and quite quickly and had my first daughter at age 39 and I am currently on maternity leave again having had my son last December, aged 44," she said.

"This will be an ongoing conversation with my two children that they have a genetic sister out there in the world. I pray that I will see this child one day. It is one of my last wishes."

Vicky Pattison says she feels empowered by being able to make the decision to have children when it is right for her

TV presenter and podcaster Vicky Pattison, who also lives in Essex, has just had some of her eggs frozen, after deciding she was not yet ready for children.

Three of her eggs were turned into embryos with her partner's sperm, which she was told have a 20% chance of resulting in a baby. She has also kept three as unfertilised eggs, which have a 10% chance.

She shared her feelings throughout the treatment, saying there was "not enough genuine, honest information out there".

Success is strongly dependent on the age of the woman at the time of freezing her eggs, the HFEA said, with higher success rates in those aged under 35.

Consultant obstetrician and gynaecologist Bassel Wattar said more work was needed to inform patients and support them through their fertility journey.

"Unfortunately, there is limited public awareness on the pros and cons of this treatment and how it could be best planned to optimise chances of starting a family in the future," he said.

Are you freezing your eggs? Do you want to have children later in life? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Find BBC News: East of England on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp us on 0800 169 1830

Petrol and diesel in Northern Ireland is cheaper than in other parts of the UK because of competition from filling stations in the Republic of Ireland, a competition watchdog has suggested.

The UK's Competition and Markets has been investigating the operation of the UK's road fuel market.

It found that competition isn't working as well as it should be, driving up prices.

It has recommendations to help people find the cheapest prices in their area.

These include a new "fuel finder" scheme that would be similar to a fuel price checker provided by the NI Consumer Council which enables consumers to compare the highest, lowest and average petrol and diesel prices in each town in Northern Ireland and is updated on a weekly basis.

However, it does not indicate prices for individual filling stations.

The CMA has recommended that the government uses legislation to create an open data fuel finder scheme.

This would require retailers to share their prices on an open, real-time basis, meaning that drivers can easily compare prices in any area of the UK.

The CMA says this would "increase incentives on retailers to compete hard on price and make it easier for consumers to identify where they are not doing so".

It has also recommended a "fuel monitor function" within an appropriate public body, to monitor developments in the market, both nationally and locally.

As part of its investigation the CMA looked at the extent to which average prices vary by region, and compared them to London, which it used as a baseline.

On average, the cheapest region was Northern Ireland, where petrol was on average 2.8p per litre cheaper, and diesel 1.4p per litre cheaper than in London.

It said: "The fact that we observe prices that are significantly lower in Northern Ireland is likely due to the fact that filling stations there are competing with filling stations across the Irish border, which are subject to a range of different competitive and fiscal dynamics."

A senior Conservative MP has been criticised for saying Afghanistan has been "transformed" under the Taliban.

In a video posted from the country on Monday, former defence minister Tobias Ellwood said corruption was falling and security had "vastly improved".

Fellow Tory Mark Francois called the video "bizarre", whilst former Tory leader Sir Iain Duncan Smith said it was not "welcome".

Downing Street said it disagreed with Mr Ellwood's assessment.

But Mr Ellwood defended his comments, saying stability in the country was on a "different level" than during times of conflict.

In a BBC News interview, he added that it was time for the UK to establish diplomatic ties with the Taliban rather than "shouting from afar".

British diplomatic and embassy staff were withdrawn after the Taliban's August 2021 takeover of the country after Western troops pulled out.

Mr Ellwood, who chairs the Commons defence select committee, tweeted his video during a trip to Helmand province with a landmine clearance charity.

The Bournemouth East MP said Afghanistan was "a country transformed," with solar panels starting to appear "everywhere" whilst the country's opium trade "all but disappeared".

"This war-wary nation is for the moment accepting a more authoritarian leadership in exchange for stability," he added, whilst calling for the West to "re-engage" diplomatically.

Reopening the British embassy, he added, would be a way to "incrementally" encourage "progressive changes" in areas like girls' education and rights for female workers.

However, in the Commons on Tuesday, Sir Iain said the video was "not a very welcome statement to have made" given the "persecutions that have taken place in Afghanistan".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Iain Duncan Smith and Johnny Mercer on Tobias Ellwood’s comments about Afghanistan being "peaceful and stable".

Mr Francois, who also sits on the defence committee, said the video "made no mention of the fact that the Taliban is still attempting to identify and kill Afghan citizens who helped our armed forces, or of the fact that young girls in Afghanistan do not even have the right to go to school".

Mr Ellwood, whose brother was killed by Islamists in the 2002 Bali bombings, said he wanted to ensure terrorism does not "flourish" in Afghanistan.

Speaking to BBC News, he said he understood his comments would "cause waves", but he was pleased he had "shone a light on a country that we ran away from".

"The current strategy of us shouting from afar to try and effect the agenda in Afghanistan is not working," he said, adding that he was speaking an "an individual MP".

"We need to engage more directly, more robustly, and that can be done if we open up the [British] embassy".

A drill rapper known as Rack5 has been jailed for seven years and nine months for firearm offences, after a dramatic chase through the streets of London.

Bodycam footage and CCTV shows the moment Ellis Heather, 23, ran away from the police in Ladbroke Grove, Notting Hill, and attempted to hide in the front garden of a residential address.

After detaining the suspect and searching the area, officers discovered a firearm nearby.

Khan Younis has been devastated by Israel's military campaign

Israel's military said on Sunday that it was reducing its numbers of soldiers from southern Gaza, leaving just one brigade in the area.

The military stressed a "significant force" would remain in Gaza.

"This is another stage in the war effort", Israel Defense Forces (IDF) spokesman Lt Col Peter Lerner told the BBC.

The pull-out is being interpreted as tactical, rather than a sign the war may be moving closer to its end.

Also on Sunday, Israel and Hamas said they had both sent delegations to Cairo to join fresh ceasefire negotiations.

It is six months to the day since Hamas attacked southern Israeli border communities on 7 October, killing 1,200 people and taking more than 250 hostage.

Israel says that of 130 hostages still in Gaza, at least 34 are dead.

More than 33,000 Gazans have been killed in Israel's offensive in Gaza since then, the Hamas-run health ministry says, the majority of them civilians. Gaza is on the brink of famine, with Oxfam reporting that 300,000 people trapped in the north have lived since January on an average of 245 calories a day.

Lt Col Lerner said troops would rotate out because the military had completed its mission in Khan Younis.

Khan Younis has been under Israeli bombardment for months, and the city and surrounding area are largely destroyed.

Lt Col Lerner said: "The war is not over. War can only be over when they [hostages] come home and when Hamas is gone."

"It is a decline in the forces but there are more operations that need to be conducted. Rafah is clearly a stronghold. We need to dismantle Hamas' capabilities wherever they are."

US National Security spokesman John Kirby said it appeared to be a "rest and refit" and "not necessarily... indicative of some coming new operation for these troops".

But later Israeli Defence Minister Yoav Gallant said the troops were leaving to "prepare for their follow-up missions".

He said their achievements in Khan Younis were "extremely impressive", adding that Hamas had ceased to function as a military organisation throughout Gaza.

Israel has long warned of a planned ground offensive in the southern city of Rafah, where more than a million displaced Palestinians are sheltering.

But international pressure for a ceasefire is mounting, and the US - Israel's closest and most powerful ally - warned earlier this week that its ongoing support for the Gaza war is dependent on "specific, concrete steps" to boost aid and prevent civilian deaths.

Marking six months of the war, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Israel was "one step away from victory" but insisted there would be no ceasefire without the release of Israeli hostages.

"The achievements of the war are considerable: we have eliminated 19 of Hamas's 24 battalions, including senior commanders," he said.

Israelis have been marking six months since the 7 October attacks by Hamas

Tens of thousands of Israelis rallied against Mr Netanyahu on Saturday, demanding a deal to free the hostages held in Gaza.

The rallies in Tel Aviv and other cities came hours after the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) recovered the body of hostage Elad Katzir.

Organisers said the protest in Tel Aviv had drawn 100,000 people, while other counts put attendance at around 45,000.

More demonstrations took place on Sunday evening, with thousands protesting in Jerusalem.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Passengers flying into the UK faced hours of delays at airports across the country where passport e-gates were not working.

Travellers told of their anger at being stuck in queues at airports including Heathrow, Manchester and Gatwick.

The Home Office said on Saturday evening that all e-gates were now operating as normal.

The disruption, which began on Friday night, had been due to an IT issue, a source told the BBC.

All airports across the country using the technology were affected.

The e-gate system speeds up passport control by allowing some passengers to scan their own passports. It uses facial recognition to verify identity and captures the traveller's image.

People flying into the UK had to have their passports checked manually, with larger airports with e-gates most affected.

Marc Baret had been booked on a flight from Chicago to Manchester via Heathrow, but told BBC News he had changed his plans after he was left waiting for more than two hours at the London airport.

He said: "It was absolute chaos at passport control. There were people getting really frustrated and a couple of individuals tried to jump queues, the police had to get engaged and one of the passengers fainted."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Another passenger, arriving at Gatwick, said the situation was an "utter joke".

Stephen, who declined to share his second name, waited for two-and-a-half hours at Bristol airport on Saturday afternoon without any access to water.

He said: "It was very hot, there was only one water bottle fill opportunity in the Arrivals hallways, and nothing in the immigration hall itself.

"I didn't have a water bottle to top up so was very thirsty afterwards."

Eurostar passengers were also affected, with travellers waiting in lengthy queues at Paris Gare de Nord train station because the e-gates were not working.

Stephen S waited at passport control at Bristol Airport for two-and-a-half hours on Saturday afternoon

One man said he had to wait in the queue at Luton Airport for more than two hours earlier. Craig Pullen also told the BBC it was "very poor" that travellers had not been given regular updates on the problem, or told how long it would take to clear passport control.

Bobby Lane waited three hours at passport control at Luton Airport in the early hours of Saturday morning.

He praised a Bedfordshire police officer who handed out bottles of water to struggling passengers, tweeting that he had "kept thousands in line with humour and kindness".

A spokesperson for the airport said the mood among passengers had been "one of patience and understanding".

Dave Tatlow was one of 300 passengers stuck in a queue at Heathrow Airport early in the morning.

He said some passengers had overheated in the hot glass building.

"One poor elderly gentleman in his seventies travelling alone collapsed, and had to be helped by other passengers and staff.

"After that, bottles of water were distributed."

This weekend was expected to be busy for travellers, with the bank holiday coinciding with the half-term break for many families.

Separately, travellers leaving the UK from the Port of Dover also faced issues after the French passport system failed earlier on Saturday.

That issue has now been fixed, but cars and coaches were waiting for about an hour, with about 400 lorries queuing to make the crossing.

Passengers queue for ferries at the Port of Dover in Kent on Saturday

Lucy Morton, from the Immigration Services Union, told the BBC that between 60-80% of incoming passengers usually use e-gates, depending on the airport.

"There's no impact on national security," she added, explaining that all arrivals would have been fully checked at manned officer desks.

E-gates can be used by British citizens aged over 12 and those from the EU, as well as people from countries including Australia, Canada, the US, Japan and New Zealand.

But all entry points retain manned security desks for other passengers and those unable to use e-gates.

On Thursday and Friday, British Airways was also hit by IT issues, affecting more than 20,000 passengers at Heathrow.

Have your travel plans been affected by the delays? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Four out of every 10 pupils have difficulty accessing free period products in UK schools, research shared with BBC News suggests.

Government schemes to reduce stigma and improve access have been running for several years - and many schools say these have benefited pupils.

It says 97% of secondary schools in England have ordered the free products.

But some teenagers are still feeling upset, angry and embarrassed about dealing with their period at school.

Tilly, 16, realised her period had started in the first few minutes of a crucial GCSE exam last year.

"I was sat there for two hours, leaking, in my own blood, without anything I could do. I was so uncomfortable I just couldn't concentrate," she said.

She and other pupils had been told tampons and pads would be available in the toilets.

But when she could not find any, Tilly spent the next two hours panicking and unable to concentrate on her exam paper, as she leaked on to her chair.

As the other pupils filed out of the exam hall, Tilly waited behind, too upset to leave, then went home early as she could not face staying at school.

"I broke down to my head of year - and he didn't give me any support," she says. "He told me to be more discreet about it."

Tilly's school, in Cardiff, said it could not comment on the incident but the accessibility of products in the school had improved in the past year.

Now in Year 11, Tilly runs a Love Your Period campaign with her sister Molly

Period-product schemes are in place across the four UK nations.

The Welsh government wants to achieve "period dignity" by 2027, improving access to products and reducing stigma.

Earlier this year, it committed to ensuring free period products were available at every school and college in the country.

"Guidance issued to schools states period products should be easily accessible in toilets, in a basket or free to use dispenser," an official said.

The Scottish government made history in 2018 by becoming the first in the world to make period products free to school, college and university students.

In England, the Period Products Scheme has been in place since 2020. And the government says its funding will continue until at least July 2024.

But in Northern Ireland, Department for Education funding to provide period products in schools has been cut by 40%.

In some schools and colleges, the Period Products Scheme is working well.

At Harlow College, in Essex, a tote bag filled with pads and tampons hangs on the back of unisex toilet cubicle doors.

Gill Atkinson, from the college's wellbeing and safeguarding team, says access to products has not only removed stigma and shame around periods, it has also helped improve attendance.

The college has spent its allocated £7,000 on products this year and is hopeful funding will continue.

"I don't think the college would be able to fund it themselves," Gill says.

As well as providing free tampons and sanitary pads, Gill's team distributes other products, including period underwear, which she says are increasingly popular

Staff at Portland College, in Mansfield, Notts, a residential college for young disabled people, say the Period Products Scheme has helped their students to feel comfortable talking about periods.

Speech-and-language therapist Amy Smith-Patrick says some pupils need support to use the period products, so it would not be appropriate to leave pads in toilets for students to help themselves to.

Others are non-verbal, so used to struggle to know how to ask for the products they needed.

Now, students on their period can hand in a slip at reception or in class, in exchange for products - removing communication barriers and embarrassment.

Period underwear has been a "real positive" for students with autism, Amy adds, as it can be more comfortable for those with sensory-processing difficulties.

In some situations, it can be hard to cater for everybody's needs.

Minnie, 13, from Sheffield, tells BBC News she feels "very embarrassed" she has to go to a staff office on the top floor of school if she needs products - and it would be better to have them in cubicles.

But the head teacher at Minnie's school, who BBC News has decided not to identify, says if pupils have to ask for products, staff can discreetly keep track of which students might need additional support.

Minnie says the security cameras covering the sink area in school bathrooms also make her feel uncomfortable.

But the head teacher says these are for pupils' safety.

Harlow College buys in eco-friendly period products, using funds from England's scheme

Irise International chief executive Emily Wilson says while England's scheme is an "amazing" policy commitment, "we've got to get it working in schools, so that when a young person needs a product it's there, available, ideally in the toilets, in a shame-free way".

Emily Wilson's charity is preparing for a parade in Westminster on Sunday

PHS Group supplies schools with products in England and Wales and works independently of government.

Interim findings from its 2023 Period Equality White Paper suggest students are missing school or college because period products are unavailable or too expensive.

Of the 546 13-18-year-olds surveyed who had missed school because of their period:

"Our initial results show progress has been made since the pandemic but the cost-of-living crisis is having an effect," head of commercial Clare Hughes says.

"It's clear many learners are relying on free period products they're accessing at school - and for the next year we will work with governments and local authorities to highlight these issues."

A Department for Education official said: "Since the launch of our free period-products scheme, in January 2020, 97% of secondary schools and 92% of post-16 organisations in England have ordered free period products for pupils - and we're encouraging more primary schools to sign up.

"School leaders and teachers know their pupils best and our guidance provides advice and support on ways to promote the scheme to pupils that avoids embarrassment or stigma.

"It also encourages schools to involve pupils in deciding which period products are ordered."

Have you had difficulty accessing free period products in school? Please share your experiences by emailing HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC News journalist. You can also make contact in the following ways:

If you are reading this page but cannot see the form, to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or email HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location.

My Money explores how people across the UK manage their spending in a typical week.

As prices rise, BBC News has been hearing about their ways of cutting costs and the financial choices they have to make.

Janine Marsh is a radio presenter. She was laid off work during the pandemic and has been freelancing ever since. She brings in about £2,000 per month, but her income can be irregular.

She lives with her husband - who is starting a business - and their two children. Their monthly mortgage payment is £996.00 per month. They also pay £130.00 for energy, £42.00 for water, £139.00 for council tax and £59.73 for a Sky subscription.

Janine's job situation has meant a big change for the family. She can no longer save and has to stick to a strict budget.

The kids are on school holiday, so I need to keep them entertained.

I've been taking advantage of the Easter sales to buy things we need. I picked up 10 pairs of underpants in Asda for £4.80 for our youngest boy, saving £1.20.

We went to Sports Direct to buy outdoors shoes for the kids for £5.99.

We're eating together as a family tonight, so I bought some flowers for Mum for £6.00 at Asda. She deserves a treat because she really helped us out last week when our little boy had his tonsils and adenoids out.

Over the weekend, we spent money on an Easter trail, so we're trying to keep the costs down today.

Janine tried to keep her kids entertained during school holidays without breaking the bank

The weather was nice, so we dashed out to the park in the morning. I use vouchers, coupons and promotions for little treats like coffee, or eating out.

We needed some food from Tesco so I tied it into the day out. I spent just under £15.00 on bits for tea. I bought the kids a slice of pizza and a sausage roll for £3.55 at Greggs. My coffee was free from my O2 app so that kept me going until we got home.

My £13.49 gym membership went out today. A woman came round to buy a post box shape sorter I sold on Facebook for £3.00.

My husband took the kids to the cinema this morning because I needed time to shoot some videos. I opened The Thrifty Family blog and Tiktok account back in October to talk about the financial challenges we face. This brings in around £1,600 per month.

We had two free tickets on our Vitality Life insurance app so I paid £5.99 for one ticket and we took our own snacks in. I had my MoT today and thankfully the car gods were with me. It cost £54.00 and everything was ok. We bought the car on finance and we pay £205.00 per month. It won't be paid off for another couple of years.

I organised a trip to Grandma's for the kids today. In the past I would have probably booked a holiday somewhere, but now we've got to stick to budgets.

She kept costs down by organising outdoor activities with her sons

I managed to get my hair cut - the first time I've had chance to go since January. It cost £35.00 for a cut and blow dry. I colour it myself and spend a fiver every couple of months.

This is turning out to be an expensive week. My spending today was £35.00 plus £3.00 tip.

It was big shop day today. The Tesco delivery arrived and it cost £139.88. We pay £7.99 for a delivery saver every month which means I can track how much we spend each week and there's no temptation to load up the trolley with things we don't need. If we run out in between we go to Aldi.

It rained all day in Manchester, typical in the school holidays. I took the kids for lunch to M&S because kids eat for free. It cost £19.51.

I met some friends today. We all live in different parts of the country so Birmingham was the middle ground.

I made sandwiches for the train to save on money and took a bottle of water with me. I had an iced coffee for £3.50. My train ticket cost £36.29.

We wandered around town then headed to Dishoom for food and cocktails. We split the bill and it's was £50.50. I also had a cheeky beer in Wetherspoons for £2.69.

Today was the first day this week that we didn't spend any money.

The kids wanted a pyjama day so we watched films and ate Easter eggs. I think shared experiences are all that matters. You don't have to throw loads of money at things. Time is the nicest gift that you can give people, especially your kids.

Janine's train journey was cheaper because she bought tickets in advance

My total week's spending was £399.19 excluding my regular costs and extra income from selling things.

When you break it down day by day, it seems crazy. But this wasn't a normal week for me. When the kids are off you end up spending much more money.

I hope people realise that there are ways to still enjoy your life without having to fork out loads. Promotions, vouchers and apps can bring the price down. When you're doing it everyday it really adds up.

As told to Yazmina Garcia. Design by Jenny Law.

Would you like to share your weekly spending with BBC News? If you're living in the UK, email my.money@bbc.co.uk.

The campaign group says the bilingual tradition must be protected and respected

More than 50 businesses in the Bannau Brycheiniog national park have called for its English name to be reinstated.

They have formed a campaign group and said they were considering legal action.

The group argued businesses have spent decades making the area a "well-known global hotspot for tourism".

The park authority, which said it would stop using the Brecon Beacons name last month, said people were "welcome to use whichever name they choose".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Brecon Beacons National Park will now be calling itself only by its Welsh name, Bannau Brycheiniog

The decision was aimed at promoting local culture and heritage, as part of a wider overhaul of how the park is managed.

The new campaign group - called "Our Bannau Brycheiniog/Brecon Beacons" - is made up of range of businesses in the fields of tourism, farming, green energy, hospitality and retail.

Helen Howarth says losing the English language name will hurt tourism

They said they were proud of operating in a bilingual nation and believed "this tradition must be protected and respected".

They said they were also seeking legal advice about whether they could mount a High Court challenge, which would argue the park's rebrand conflicts with the 1993 Welsh Language Act obliging public bodies in Wales to treat Welsh and English on an equal basis.

"I firmly believe that losing our identity as the Brecon Beacons National Park will be detrimental to us all and especially tourism, hospitality and trade," said Helen Howarth, who owns a self-catering accommodation business.

The group has penned an open letter to park bosses calling on them "to reinstate the bilingual Bannau Brycheiniog/ Brecon Beacons National Park name and brand".

They say a number of the campaign's signatories are part of a scheme to be official ambassadors for the park and were "not even notified about the renaming and rebranding project before its launch on 17 April".

Nigel Kilgallon says the name change seems like "an act of sabotage"

Nigel Kilgallon, who runs a B&B in Brecon and is a town councillor, said the name change highlights the disconnect between the authority that runs the national park, and the local community.

"You could call it a trademark, you could call it intellectual property, you could call it a marketing tool. All these things that it could be. But it's also the home of the people that live here. Our Brecon Beacons," he said.

"And so to just change it, just seems like an act of sabotage. It's either that or it's just ill-thought out by the authority.

"It's what it's always known as and that bilingualism is really at the heart of what we're trying to do here."

Owen Williams, the managing director of a digital marketing agency, said he found it difficult to understand the campaigners' argument.

The attention the national park had received through its decision in recent weeks had been "unreal", he claimed.

"It's been a very canny marketing strategy," he said.

Referring to moves in other countries such as Australia to focus on the indigenous names for iconic sites he said "tourism doesn't drop because the Ayres Rock name is minimised and Uluru brought to the fore".

A spokeswoman for Bannau Brycheiniog National Park Authority said the organisation had "decided to prioritise the Welsh name going forwards".She added: "The park is not asking other people or organisations to prioritise the Welsh name. This is an organisational decision and applies to all the work they do.

"Others are welcome to use whichever name they choose for the park."

Molly-Mae Hague, pictured this year, left the Love Island villa as a finalist in 2019

Love Island star Molly-Mae Hague has said she is stepping down from her role as creative director of fast fashion brand PrettyLittleThing after less than two years to focus on being a mum.

The influencer took on the reportedly big-money role in August 2021, before giving birth earlier this year.

She said while "everything is going incredibly" work-wise she wanted to commit fully to raising her daughter.

The 24-year-old will continue to work as a brand ambassador for the company.

Speaking on her YouTube channel, Hague - who met her partner, boxer Tommy Fury on the ITV2 dating show - said she would "forever have the most insane relationship" with her "family" at PrettyLittleThing (PLT).

"I am still working with them and doing collections and edits, but I have actually decided to step down as my creative director role," she said.

"Over the last few weeks, I have realised that I'm only going to get this time once with my first-born child and I'm only going to get Bambi being four months old once and I feel like I've had to rearrange my life a little bit and lose some commitments that I did have."

She went to say she had "loved being the creative director of PLT more than anything", stressing that there had been "no drama" and "nothing [bad] has gone on". It was simply that this "amazing chapter" of her life had "naturally come to an end".

"I am a mum now and I never really gave myself a maternity leave and I got straight back into work instantly because my work is my phone and showing my life is my work," she continued.

"The last thing I would want to be is in a role that I can't fulfil right this moment."

Her departure comes two months after longstanding PrettyLittleThing founder Umar Kamani left the Boohoo Group brand, to pursue new opportunities.

In 2021, Hague announced she was taking a new direction by accepting a senior job with the label. "I'm excited to be a creative director - I'm not an influencer any more and people can see that, it's become a lot more than that," she told Radio 1 Newsbeat.

"I'm basically going to eat, sleep, breathe PrettyLittleThing - although I do that anyway".

It was a big and controversial signing at the time, with some commentators suggesting it was unfair she had walked from the Love Island villa into a hugely influential fashion job.

Hague argued she had worked hard and was passionate about the brand, one she had decided to work with despite having been offered more money to go elsewhere.

She said she had turned down an offer of £2 million to work with a high street brand, simply because she did not wear their clothes.

At the time she said she wanted to improve the inclusivity of the brand by creating clothes in sizes 4-30, as well as encouraging people to remove cosmetic fillers, if, like her, they had felt they'd made a mistake.

"I think for me it was a journey of accepting that you don't need to get all these things done to your face, you're fine the way you are," she said.

Hague was also criticised for her involvement with the company after PrettyLittleThing owner BooHoo was accused of paying garment workers in Leicester only £3.50 per hour following a 2020 investigation by The Sunday Times.

The following year, BooHoo said: "We recognise the risks of poor labour practices, human rights abuses and modern slavery in complex global supply chains and we are committed to establishing robust due diligence programmes and collaborating with others from the industry, authorities and NGOs to tackle poor practices and protect those people who are most vulnerable."

Last year, Hague had an Instagram post banned after she failed to include any mention of it being an advert.

It was the third time she had been in trouble with the Advertising Standards Authority (ASA).

She posted a picture of her wearing a PrettyLittleThing dress, along with a link to buy it, on her story.

The ASA said it was not "immediately clear" that she had a commercial interest in PLT. The brand confirmed their contract expressly stated the requirement for her to include the "£ad" disclosure in posts.

Bridlington Coastguard Rescue Team says technicians carried the "very friendly" dog back up the cliff using a rescue bag

The owners of a dog which fell 160ft (49m) down a cliff on the East Yorkshire coast say it's a "miracle" she's still alive.

Sandra Costin was walking Button the Cockapoo in Flamborough on Thursday morning when she disappeared through a gate.

After birdwatchers spotted her running about in the cove below, a coastguard team abseiled down and rescued her.

"It's unbelievable, we can't really believe it," her owner said.

Mrs Costin, from Oxton in Nottinghamshire, was on holiday with husband Brian and walking Button off the lead through fields near Thornwick Bay Holiday Park at the time.

"I turned my eyes away from her for a second and it was done, as easy as that," Mrs Costin said.

"People started to help us, a man with binoculars looked over the edge and said, 'I can see a dog'."

The coastguard was contacted on 999, with the what3words app used to give rescuers the cliff's location.

Button required a back operation after the fall but is now recovering at home

Mrs Costin said: "We could see her walking around and that was such a miraculous thing, we thought she'd obviously be dead at the bottom of the cliff.

"We still don't know how she escaped because it's so far down, it's a miracle."

Praising the team who rescued the dog, Brian Costin said: "Everything was so organised, they abseiled down and they were there in about a minute.

"She got out of the [rescue] bag and I really couldn't believe she was alive."

Button's owners said the dog required an operation on her back on Tuesday and was recovering at home.

Owners Sandra and Brian Costin, from Oxton in Nottinghamshire, praised both the coastguard and vets for their actions

Mrs Costin added: "I'll never get over not having her on a lead, but when we're in fields she likes to run around and she always comes back if you shout her."

Bridlington Coastguard Rescue Team said two technicians descended the cliff and were "met by a very friendly dog".

"This is an important reminder that when walking dogs on cliff top paths, ensure they are kept on a lead," a coastguard spokesperson said.

"Never put yourself in danger, dial 999 and ask for the coastguard."

Follow BBC East Yorkshire and Lincolnshire on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. Send your story ideas to yorkslincs.news@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The blaze spread to four floors within the five-storey block of flats

About 80 people were evacuated from a block of flats after a fire spread through three floors in south London.

A witness reported seeing adults and children running from the five-storey building in Whitehorse Road, Croydon.

Ambulance crews treated one man and one woman at the scene.

Some 60 firefighters spent nearly two hours putting out the blaze, which started at 17:00 BST. London Fire Brigade said the cause was not yet known.

Two flats and two balconies on the first and second floors of the building were destroyed by fire. Most of a third-floor flat and balcony were also damaged.

Two people were treated at the scene by paramedics

Station commander Chris Young said: "Around 80 people left the building, thankfully uninjured.

"Road closures are expected to be in place for a number of hours this evening and we're urging people to avoid the local area."

The fire caused traffic queues in the area

Witness Allan Brown, 44, who lives and works in Croydon, said: "From where I was standing, which was quite close at one point, many residents, including children, could be seen running from the building's lower floor, with some residents trying to get back into the building.

"This was before the fire department arrived with the first two engines. There were residents leaving the building and trying to get back into it, but the blaze was very high.

"We had to clear the area due [to] the smoke that filled the area."

The LFB sent eight engines to the scene, with police and ambulance crews also responding.

The brigade said it received more than 40 calls about the fire, with crews from Croydon, Woodside, Wallington and surrounding fire stations deployed to the scene.

An LAS spokesperson said it sent an ambulance crew, an incident response officer and members of our Hazardous Area Response Team in response.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The picture of Queen Elizabeth II and King Charles was posted alongside a message

King Charles has remembered the late Queen on his first Mother's Day since her death.

A photo showing the King as a baby on the Queen's lap was released by the Royal Family on social media on Sunday.

They also shared a photo of Camilla, the Queen Consort, with her mother.

Both images were accompanied with a message wishing a special Mother's Day "to all mothers everywhere, and to those who may be missing their mums today".

"We are thinking of you," the message read.

This was the first Mother's Day since the death of the late Queen, who died on 8 September 2022 aged 96.

The Prince and Princess of Wales also posted pictures of Catherine with her three children on Sunday.

Catherine also shared memories to mark the day

In one photograph, she is pictured sitting in a tree with Prince George, 9, Princess Charlotte, 7, and Prince Louis, 4.

Another picture shows Catherine holding Prince Louis in her arms.

The photos were accompanied with a message reading: "Happy Mother's Day from our family to yours".

Camilla's mother, Rosalind Shand, died in 1994 from the bone disease osteoporosis aged 72. Following her mother's death, Camilla tried to help raise awareness of the condition with several visits to bone units in hospitals across the UK.

A ceremony taking place at Westminster Abbey in London on 6 May 2023 will see King Charles III crowned alongside Camilla.

The governor of the Bank of England has said it is "crucial that we see the job through" to slow soaring prices in a speech to the world of finance.

Andrew Bailey said reducing inflation to 2% is "so important" as people "should trust that their hard-earned money maintains its value".

Currently, inflation, which is the rate prices rise at, is 8.7% - more than four times the Bank's target of 2%.

Chancellor Jeremy Hunt said government would work to cut inflation.

"We will do what is necessary for as long as necessary to tackle inflation persistence and bring it back to the 2% target," Mr Hunt said at the start of his first Mansion House speech as chancellor.

About 400 people from the financial and business industries attended the dinner at the 18th Century building, which is the official residence of the Lord Mayor of London.

It comes at a time when businesses, as well as households, are being hit by higher costs due to inflation remaining stubbornly high in the UK.

Mr Hunt suggested companies should show restraint on profit margins, adding "margin recovery benefits no-one if it feeds inflation".

The Bank of England has steadily been increasing interest rates in a bid to combat inflation.

Its base rate - which has a direct effect on borrowing costs for things like mortgages and credit cards, but also influences savings rates - is now 5%, up from close to zero 18 months ago. Some analysts have predicted interest rates will peak at 6.5%, but some have said they may rise to as high as 7%.

The theory behind raising interest rates is that by making it more expensive for people to borrow money, and more worthwhile for people to save, people will spend less, which will in turn lead to price rises to slow.

Mr Bailey said in his speech to executives at the same Mansion House event "it is crucial that we see the job through, meet our mandate to return inflation to its 2% target, and provide the environment of price stability in which the UK economy can thrive".

He added that while the UK economy has failed to grow beyond its pre-pandemic level, there had been "unexpected resilience" in the face of external shocks, such as Covid and the war in Ukraine, with low levels of unemployment and avoiding a recession to date.

But the Bank of England's boss highlighted that "tightness" in the labour market, with many businesses struggling to find enough workers, has contributed to price inflation being "more sticky than previously expected".

"Both price and wage increases at current rates are not consistent with the inflation target," he added.

The Bank of England has previously warned big pay rises are contributing to the UK's still-high rates of inflation, but there have also been accusations that some sectors have been profiteering by overcharging customers.

Last week, the Competition and Markets Authority revealed supermarkets had sought to increase profits from selling fuel, increasing their margins by 6p per litre on average between 2019 and 2022.

The chancellor said "delivering sound money is our number one focus", before he delivered his speech focusing on plans for pension fund reforms.

Mr Hunt pledged the plans could provide a £1,000-a-year pensions boost to the typical earner who starts saving at 18.

While UK pension pots are the largest in Europe, worth £2.5trn, defined contribution schemes currently invest 1% in unlisted equity, limiting returns for savers and funding for businesses, the Treasury has claimed.

The chancellor revealed an agreement with leading pensions firms to put 5% of their investments into early-stage businesses in the fintech, life sciences, biotech and clean technology sectors by 2030.

The so-called "Mansion House Compact" has been backed by Aviva, Scottish Widows, Legal & General, Aegon, Phoenix, NEST, Mercer, M&G and Smart Pension.

Ahead of the event, Mansion House organisers said talks had taken place about security at the venue over concerns of protests. A source told the BBC the event was not disrupted.

On the night a dozen of Donald Trump's Republican rivals spoke at the same event in Iowa, only one challenged the former president head on - and he was roundly booed. It highlights the grip Mr Trump still has on his party.

Someone backstage at the Lincoln Dinner clearly had a mischievous sense of humour.

As each of the candidates hoping to become the Republican Party's presidential nominee for 2024 walked out to speak they were accompanied by a blast of music: a clip of the country song Only In America.

When it was Mr Trump's turn, two lyrics, describing two alternative paths that could await someone in the US, seemed particularly poignant:

One could end up going to prison

One just might be president

The 45th President of the United States didn't seem to mind. He doesn't try to hide from the fact that he is already facing two criminal trials and may soon be indicted in two more cases. In fact, he wears these charges as a badge of pride.

Mr Trump insists he is being unfairly targeted for purely political reasons.

He told the crowd of 1,200 Republican supporters at this dinner in Iowa - a key state because it will hold the first election in the race for the nomination next January - that he would not have been prosecuted if he was not running for the White House again. And he would not have been prosecuted if he was not winning.

Using serious criminal charges as a mark of success takes chutzpah. But that is something Mr Trump has always had in spades. And it leaves his opponents deeply confused about how to respond.

Most simply chose to ignore Thursday evening's news that Mr Trump had been charged with three more counts in the classified documents investigation. In fact, they declined to take the opportunity to challenge the clear frontrunner in the contest at all.

One of the lesser known contenders, Will Hurd, did take a shot. The former Texas Congressman and CIA officer claimed Donald Trump was not running to make America great again.

"Donald Trump is not running for president to represent the people that voted for him in 2016 or 2020. Donald Trump is running to stay out of prison."

Loud boos and rattling cutlery nearly drowned out the rest of what he had to say, with one man shouting "go home". It was clear he had lost the room.

Stacey Taiber, one of many Republican voters wearing Trump stickers, told me she did not believe any of the charges against Mr Trump. If the political establishment were "trying so hard to get him out of the way they must be terrified he will beat Joe Biden", she said.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Why Hunter Biden is important to Republicans

Her husband, Dan, said it was President Biden and his son Hunter who should be facing criminal trials. He and many others in the ballroom repeated unproven allegations about Hunter's business dealings and claims of foreign influence (which the White House has dismissed but Republicans in Congress are investigating).

There was no fun to be had watching the different candidates interacting with each other at the dinner. They each had their own backstage suite which they popped out of to deliver their 10-minute speech. They actually didn't have to see each other at all.

Maybe there will be more fireworks when the candidates come face to face at the first Republican debate on 23 August - although Mr Trump has suggested he might skip it because he is so far ahead in the polls.

Chris Sununu, the Republican governor of New Hampshire, is no fan of the former president but recently ruled himself out of running against him in 2024.

He told me that for the other candidates to compete with Mr Trump it is not about what they say - because there are not significant policy differences - it is about how they perform.

"They need to be exciting, bring some passion, show some emotion, and they need a bit of humour and charisma."

Who voters like and who they think can win is what matters, he added, noting that it was very hard for newcomers to the national stage to compete with the name recognition and star power of a former president.

Vivek Ramaswamy, the millennial entrepreneur and political novice, was one candidate who showed at Friday's dinner that he has the potential to break out from the crowded field of candidates currently polling in single digits.

Vivek Ramaswamy is one of a handful of candidates to make an impression

After a barnstorming performance, he got one of the few standing ovations - along with Mr Trump and Florida Governor Ron DeSantis, the candidate currently sitting in second place in most surveys.

Outside the venue there was a stall selling the usual badges, T-shirts and baseball caps. Thirteen candidates appeared on stage (Chris Christie was the only official contender not to attend), but only four of them had their names on the merchandise.

Mr Trump, Mr DeSantis and Mr Ramaswamy, along with Tim Scott, the senator from South Carolina who has been getting a bit of attention recently.

"I've been making my living doing this for a long time," the vendor told me. "I know what sells." And Republicans have always been strong believers in market forces after all.
• None Who are the Republican hopefuls not named Trump?

A selection of your pictures of Scotland sent in between 28 April and 5 May.

Send your photos to scotlandpictures@bbc.co.uk. Please ensure you adhere to the BBC's rules regarding photographs that can be found here.

Please also ensure you take your pictures safely and responsibly.

Conditions of use: If you submit an image, you do so in accordance with the BBC's terms and conditions.

Alex Mackintosh stepped back in time to the 1700s this week with a trip to the Highland Folk Museum.

Lisa Stewart was at Linlithgow Loch on May Day and thought this black swan was a "striking" sight amid the white swans.

Alan MacDonald was struck by a deserted A82 running east away from Glencoe towards Rannoch Moor.

Iain Stark took this photo of the daffodils in Princes Street Gardens in Edinburgh while visiting Scotland.

Andy Smith snapped this woolly wonder while walking locally in Bearsden.

Gordon Lobban stopped for a break after a bike ride on the machair in the lee of towering sand dunes on Berneray.

Iain Forrest saw this thirsty red squirrel at a farm near Keith.

Colin Little discovered an osprey with its catch as it headed up river at Lossiemouth. Its head had turned 180 degrees to look skyward. Colin said he had never seen this before. He said: 'Some think it was shaking water from feathers. I like to think it was on lookout for gulls trying to remove it of its flounder.'

Stuart Lilley took this picture of a blue tit with nest-building material in its beak in Inverness.

Sarah Thurlbeck came across this tawny owlet braving the elements after having recently 'branched out' from its cosy nest in Milton of Campsie, East Dunbartonshire.

Elaine Turner was struck by the alien landscape created by these carnivorous plants in the glasshouse at the Glasgow Botanic Gardens - a planet in Star Wars perhaps?

Charlie Fabb took this beautiful shot of Eilean Donan Castle while on holiday in the Highlands.

David May brought a smile with this funny picture of toys on the washing line in the Black Isle.

Charlie Fabb took this atmospheric picture of Edinburgh from Calton Hill.

Kim Bennett saw these incredible rain clouds over the Isle of May from St Monans harbour.

On a trip to Argyll, Derek Brown took this picture and said he was very lucky to spot this old puffer sail along the Crinan Canal near Cairnbaan.

Scott Pryde took this shot of the beautifully preserved Arnol Blackhouse on the Isle of Lewis with its peat fire.

Cate Kennedy happened to turn and look behind her during a walk and saw this 'amazing cloud formation' in Elie in Fife.

Doug McKay took this picture of Aberdeen harbour taken in the "blue hour" just after sunset.

Alex Mackintosh captured this crow eating a piece of meat in Kincraig, Kingussie.

Pat Christie liked the bright colours of Pittenweem harbour on a recent visit to the East Neuk of Fife.

This speedy image was snapped by Tony Marsh at the Tweedlove Festival triple crown racing at Glentress, near Peebles.

Jacqueline Robertson enjoyed a visit to the farrier competition at Belwade Farm Stables.

This wonderful picture of a starling gathering food for its young on the Water of Leith in Edinburgh came from George Kelsey.

Michael Cross took this at the top of the Nevis Range, Fort William. Bikers were setting off from the launching booth on one of the elite mountain biking routes, blanketed by thick morning fog.

Brian Harris was on the other end of this stare at Beltane Fire Festival on Calton Hill, Edinburgh.

Stephen Scott took this picture of Glasgow Royal Infirmary from the neighbouring Necropolis.

As storm clouds gathered in the distance, Robert Westerman captured this picture of his friend, Elizabeth Semple, stepping out across the sand for her walk across the bay at Dunaverty Beach, Southend, in Kintyre.

Jacki Gordon, who sent us this image, said: "When your feet are too big for your body", as seems to be the case with this Greylag gosling.

Sally Pendreigh took this picture of Arthur's Seat in Edinburgh from Braid Hills.

Julie Izon-Williams took this photo on May Day on the cliffs at Burrowhead, Isle of Whithorn. It shows Irish documentary film-maker, Fergal O' Riordan, about to keep his appointment with the Wicker Man. The 15ft sculpture was handmade by local artist Amanda Sunderland as part of the 50th anniversary celebrations and was burned in the same spot as the original from the film.

Marek Wilkojc took this photograph of his friend, Grant Wilson, at the top of Beinn Dearg Mor, reflecting on his achievement of climbing all the 222 Corbetts - mountains in Scotland between 2,500ft and 3,000ft.

Rebecca McLennan said she was exceptionally lucky to see this wild badger at Aigas field centre near Inverness.

Lineta Stonkute recorded this view of Tigh-na-sleubhaich which is in a glen on the last stretch of the West Highland Way - Kinlochleven to Fort William.

Emily Wilson took this striking picture of Montrose Beach.

Helen Drummond got to walk through a tunnel of beautiful blossoms on Edinburgh's Meadows.

Brian Colston was taken by the sunset over the Ardgour peninsula and Loch Linnhe.

Kathleen Humphris caught this view of the winding river and road of Glencoe from the descent of Beinn a' Chrulaiste.

Victor Tregubov loved the geometry of the Exhibition Centre's pedestrian bridge in Glasgow.

Please ensure that the photograph you send is your own and if you are submitting photographs of children, we must have written permission from a parent or guardian of every child featured (a grandparent, auntie or friend will not suffice).

In contributing to BBC News you agree to grant us a royalty-free, non-exclusive licence to publish and otherwise use the material in any way, including in any media worldwide.

However, you will still own the copyright to everything you contribute to BBC News.

At no time should you endanger yourself or others, take any unnecessary risks or infringe the law.

You can find more information here.

All photos are subject to copyright.

Habibur Masum, 25, is wanted in connection with the fatal stabbing, police said

Police have launched a manhunt after a mother pushing her baby in a pram was fatally stabbed.

Habibur Masum, 25, is wanted over the attack in the Westgate area of Bradford at 15:21 BST on Saturday.

The 27-year-old woman, who suffered multiple stab wounds, later died in hospital.

West Yorkshire Police confirmed she was with her baby at the time of the attack and told people not to approach Mr Masum.

The force said he was known to the victim but have not confirmed their relationship.

Mr Masum is from Oldham but believed to have links to Burnley and Chester

The force also said a knife was found at the scene but it is not clear if Mr Masum is armed.

He is from the Oldham area and described as Asian and of a slim build.

Mr Masum has been pictured on CCTV wearing a duffle coat with three large horizontal lines of grey, white and black, light blue or grey tracksuit bottoms with a small black emblem on the left pocket and maroon trainers.

A witness also reported seeing him wearing a grey hoody with the hood up after the incident on Westgate's junction with Drewton Road.

Police searching the scene, at Westgate's junction with Drewton Road.

Det Ch Insp Stacey Atkinson said: "We have had significant resources following up a number of lines of inquiry to locate Habibur Masum but at this time his whereabouts are unknown.

"I would urge anyone who does see him not to approach him but to call 999 immediately."

He is also believed to have links to the Burnley and Chester areas.

Det Ch Insp Atkinson said the death of a young woman in "such shocking circumstances" has caused "considerable concern" in the community, adding that residents could expect to see more police officers in Bradford.

Follow BBC Yorkshire on Facebook, X (formerly Twitter) and Instagram. Send your story ideas to yorkslincs.news@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

When the BBC's director general, Tim Davie, took over in 2020, he declared his founding principle to be "impartiality".

Three years later, a row over that principle and how it applies across the corporation has created a crisis that has quite clearly caught managers by surprise.

Familiar, fixed points in the weekly TV schedule unexpectedly falling off air in quick succession is proof of a crisis that has become something much bigger than a row about some tweets.

The Gary Lineker issue is more than an argument about the opinions of a highly paid sports presenter - it is a test of the BBC's fundamental values and the current director general's core mission.

The passions provoked by Lineker's political tweets and the decision to keep him off air until he and the BBC resolve this issue has poured petrol on a fire that was already well alight - the debate about the BBC's role in British politics and perceptions of bias both to the left and the right.

But first, let's look at the immediate issue.

It's worth noting that complaints about Lineker's politically charged tweets are not new.

In 2016 and 2018 the BBC defended comments made by the Match of the Day presenter about child migrants and Brexit by saying he was a freelance presenter, it was a private Twitter account and the stringent rules for journalists did not apply equally to sports presenters.

The guidelines at the time said the risk to compromising the BBC's impartiality "is lower where an individual is expressing views publicly on an unrelated area, for example, a sports or science presenter expressing views on politics or the arts".

Since then rules have been tightened. New guidelines on social media demanded an "extra responsibility" for presenters with a "high profile". Some described the new rule as the "Lineker clause".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: BBC boss Tim Davie asked if he bowed to government pressure

The question is whether that rule is being fairly applied. Twitter is awash with examples of what some people think are presenters who have gone too far over recent years. Names frequently raised include Alan Sugar, Chris Packham and Andrew Neil.

In response, Mr Davie said on Saturday evening that he was in "listening mode" and suggested there might be an escape route by re-examining those guidelines.

There is good reason for him to want to bring this to a conclusion. Impartiality is hugely important but so too is providing a service that people pay for through their licence fee.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. WATCH: How the Match of the Day row played out on Saturday... in 60 seconds

Match of the Day went ahead on BBC One on Saturday night - but was reduced to a 20-minute edition that did not have a presenter, pundits or any commentary - while other football coverage was dropped.

Every cancelled programme is a source of further complaint from licence payers who may not care what Lineker says on Twitter but care deeply about their favourite programmes staying on air on a Saturday night.

There is also the wider context of a government that has in recent years been critical of the BBC and its perceived liberal bias.

Greg Dyke, a former director general, who left the BBC over a clash with the Labour Government in 2004, says the decision to pull Gary Lineker from Match of the Day looks like a corporation bowing to political pressure from a Tory government.

All of which leads to another issue that asks questions of the BBC's impartiality, the BBC's chairman, Richard Sharp, a former donor to the Conservative party who is the subject of an ongoing inquiry looking in to his appointment and what he did or did not disclose about his part in the arrangement of an £800,000 loan guarantee to the former prime minister, Boris Johnson. He has denied any involvement in arranging the loan.

Lineker has become a lightning rod for a much bigger debate and the BBC would like to resolve the issue as quickly as possible to stop a very public row turning into a monumental crisis. However, with the corporation saying it wants Lineker, with his 8.7 million Twitter followers, to stop the political tweets while he shows no sign of agreeing to be silenced, it's hard to see quite how this will resolve itself.

For the BBC this is about impartiality but to many others it is about free speech. Indeed, there is a statue outside the BBC's headquarters in London of the author of 1984, George Orwell, a former BBC talks producer. Inscribed on the wall behind the Orwell statue are these words: "If liberty means anything at all it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear."

Eighty years after Orwell left the BBC, the corporation finds itself in a deepening crisis. That thought from Orwell and the questions it raises for the BBC are at the very heart of the Lineker debate.

Israel's military said the strike on World Central Kitchen's convoy was a "grave mistake" and vowed to protect aid workers

Many Palestinians in the Gaza Strip will be wondering how they are going to feed their families after World Central Kitchen (WCK) paused its operations in response to the killing of seven of its aid workers in an Israeli air strike.

Another US charity it works with, Anera, has also suspended work because of the escalating risks faced by its local staff and their families.

Together, they were serving two million meals a week across the Palestinian territory, where the UN has warned that an estimated 1.1 million people - half the population - are facing catastrophic hunger because of Israeli restrictions on aid deliveries, the ongoing hostilities and the breakdown of order.

WCK's decision to pause its work also led to the "freezing" of a maritime aid corridor from Cyprus, which the charity helped set up last month to increase the trickle of aid getting into the north of Gaza and avert a looming famine.

The WCK convoy was hit on Monday night as it travelled south along the Israeli-designated coastal aid route, just after they had unloaded more than 100 tonnes of food from a barge at a warehouse in Deir al-Balah.

That barge was part of a four-vessel flotilla that sailed back to Cyprus with 240 tonnes of supplies that could not be brought ashore in the wake of the strike.

The Norwegian Refugee Council warned that "what happened to World Central Kitchen threatens the entire aid system" and had left it "on the brink".

Before the strike, World Central Kitchen was providing about 350,000 meals across Gaza each day

WCK accused the Israeli military of a "targeted attack" on vehicles clearly marked with the charity's logo and whose movements had been co-ordinated with Israeli authorities. The victims were British, Polish, Australian and Palestinian, and also included a dual US-Canadian citizen.

The military's chief of staff, Lt Gen Herzi Halevi, described the strike as a "grave mistake" that had followed "misidentification at night".

He also vowed to take "immediate action" to ensure that more was done to protect aid workers, including the immediate establishment of a new "humanitarian command centre" to improve co-ordination. "Israel is at war with Hamas, not with the people of Gaza," he stressed.

However, aid groups say they are not sure such promises will lead to meaningful changes. They also assert that this was not an isolated incident, with 196 Palestinian aid workers reportedly killed since the war began in October.

Jan Egeland, the secretary-general of the Norwegian Refugee Council and a former UN humanitarian chief, told the BBC that WCK was "among those who have the closest co-operation with the Israelis", in terms of sharing information about their workers' locations and planned movements.

Before the strike, WCK was playing an increasingly prominent and important role in Gaza, with 400 Palestinian staff and 3,000 people working indirectly for it in its 68 community kitchens and distribution system.

WCK has provided 12% of the 193,000 tonnes of aid from international organisations that had reached Gaza since October, according to data from Cogat, the Israeli defence ministry body tasked with co-ordinating deliveries. However, UN agencies were responsible for 80% of the total.

WCK's founder, the chef José Andrés, told Reuters news agency on Wednesday that it was "analysing the situation and how to keep doing the work we do".

Anera - which was providing 150,000 meals a day in collaboration with WCK - said it understood the consequences pausing its own work would have on Palestinians, but that its Palestinian staff had for the first time deemed the risk to their safety and that of their families "intolerable".

It said the charity's logistics co-ordinator and his son had been killed in an Israeli air strike in Deir al-Balah in March, despite the fact that the co-ordinates of the shelter where they were staying had been provided to the Israeli military.

"We've asked for explanation as to why that site was struck and we've received none," Derek Madsen of Anera told the BBC. "These sites are known and so I think it is very difficult for us to understand how these strikes happen."

Project Hope, another US-based organisation, paused its work for three days in solidarity with WCK and to "reassess the security situation as we prioritise our staff members' safety".

Arlan Fuller, director of emergency preparedness and response, said in a statement sent to the BBC that its employees were deeply concerned by the deaths of the WCK team, and that the strike has raised significant doubts about the effectiveness of co-ordination with the Israeli military.

For the people of Gaza, the suspension of WCK's operations "means more famine, more dead children, more epidemic disease because people are so malnourished", Mr Egeland warned.

At least 27 children are reported to have died as a result of malnutrition since October, according to the World Health Organization.

Mr Egeland urged Israel to start by opening the Karni and Erez border crossings with northern Gaza to allow aid convoys to drive there directly.

Most aid convoys are currently forced to start at the Israeli-controlled Kerem Shalom and Egyptian-controlled Rafah crossings with the south of Gaza and then pass through what the UN calls "high-risk areas", mainly due to shooting and shelling or the breakdown in civil order.

Cogat says Israeli forces have co-ordinated the entry of more than 500 lorries into the north over the past two months via those routes as well as a new gate and military road that runs south of Gaza City.

Israel has also facilitated the now-suspended maritime corridor set up by WCK as well as airdrops of aid by Western and Arab countries. The UN says both are helpful but cannot replace the large-scale delivery of aid by land.

The first WCK aid ship was carrying 200 tonnes of aid and took several days to reach Gaza. By comparison, a lorry can carry about 20 tonnes and the nearest Israeli container port is only a 40km drive from northern Gaza.

A C-130 transport plane meanwhile has a maximum payload of 21 tonnes, but only about 40 airdrops have taken place so far and they are considered expensive, ineffective and dangerous for people on the ground.

The UN says 159 lorry loads of aid crossed into Gaza by land each day on average between 1 and 28 March, and that the pre-war average was 500 lorry loads, including fuel.

Cogat says the pre-war average only included 70 food lorries and that 140 entered each day during March. It insists there is no limit to the amount of food and other humanitarian aid that can enter Gaza and accuses UN agencies of failing to distribute aid effectively.

The Open Arms. a Spanish charity vessel, returned to Cyprus on Wednesday after the maritime aid route was suspended

There was no apparent drop-off in aid crossing into Gaza following the strike on the WCK convoy, with 217 lorries transferred via Israel and Egypt on Wednesday and 179 food packages being airdropped, according to Cogat.

But Nate Mook, who was chief executive of WCK until 2022, warned that the longer-term consequences could be "devastating" for Gazans because "we probably have not seen the last of the aid organisations to pull out".

Zawar Ali of International Medical Corps told the BBC that it was reconsidering its safety protocols and whether to restrict its workers' movements.

It had already decided to relocate its field hospital from the north of Rafah to al-Mawasi, an area to the west which the Israeli military has declared "humanitarian zone" but has still carried out strikes on what it says are Hamas targets.

Dr Bashar Murad, the executive director of the Palestinian Red Crescent, said many of its paramedics were refusing to evacuate wounded and sick people from the north to the south in their ambulances due to the lack of safety guarantees, despite their protection under international law and co-ordination efforts by international organisations.

Aseel Baidoun of Medical Aid for Palestinians said it had not suspended operations after a strike in January damaged a residential compound in al-Mawasi that housed the British charity's local team and their families, injuring several people. But now, she added: "We really are scared of the security [situation]."

"If a foreigner with international immunity is bombed and killed, then what will they do to us?" Mohammed Aborjela, a Palestinian online content creator who launched the Youth of Gaza initiative to deliver aid after the war began, told BBC.

He said Palestinian aid workers faced higher risks and greater challenges than their international colleagues, but insisted it would not stop him and his colleagues continuing their work. "The danger of not providing aid is no less important than the danger of being killed," he added.

Natalia Anguera of Action Against Hunger also said it would try to continue working despite "more and more challenging" conditions.

"Most of our staff are... Palestinians. They are suffering themselves, but they also have a very strong and clear commitment to their humanitarian mandate. They want to go on delivering," she told the BBC.

She said the international community needed to push strongly for a humanitarian ceasefire because it was the only way that aid organisations would be able to scale up their response to the level required.

Mr Egeland also stressed the importance of the UN agency for Palestinian refugees (UNRWA), which he said was "bigger than the rest of us combined" but was being "systematically undermined by Israel".

Israel accuses UNRWA of supporting Hamas, which triggered the war when its gunmen attacked southern Israel on 7 October last year. The agency has denied this, but in January it sacked nine of the 12 employees accused in an Israeli document of playing a part in the attacks.

UNRWA called for a "complete reversal in policies" from Israel in response to Monday's strike, including lifting the ban on it delivering aid to northern Gaza.

The victim was found outside a house in Brentwick Gardens on Wednesday morning

Police say 10 people have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was fatally stabbed in London.

Officers said the man was found in the street with serious injuries in Brentwick Gardens, Brentford, at 05:15 BST and died at the scene.

It came after the force was alerted to reports of intruders at an address in the same street.

Seven men and three women were subsequently detained and remain in custody.

Det Supt Figo Forouzan, from Met Police, said: "This is a truly shocking incident that will understandably cause the community concerns.

"I want to reassure the Hounslow residents that we have commenced a thorough investigation with the support of our homicide investigation team to ensure those responsible are brought to justice."

The force has appealed for witnesses or anyone with information to come forward.

This is the fourth time in as many months that the prime minister has met President Biden.

I have been in tow each time, and it's been fascinating to get a glimpse of their growing relationship.

And quite some growing it's had to do.

When Rishi Sunak became prime minister, President Biden, in congratulating him, managed to call him Rashee Sanook.

Not long after that, Mr Sunak acknowledged to me that the UK's reputation had "taken a bit of a knock," courtesy of the rolling political chaos of much of 2022.

Core to his brand as prime minister is attempting to personify the opposite: hoping to be seen as dependable, believable, credible, trustworthy.

Little wonder, then, he ducked a question on the way here about what he made of Prince Harry's remarks that the UK is judged globally by the state of the press and the government - both of which the prince reckons are at "rock bottom."

But, having tried to prove he can be the gentle jazz of politics rather than the heavy metal that came before, the challenge for Rishi Sunak now is delivery, and quickly, with a general election expected next year.

Ukraine will be a recurring theme on this trip.

Mr Sunak has told us the UK is looking into who was to blame for the destruction of the huge dam there.

He said it was too soon to make "a definitive judgement."

But, he added, if it was intentional, it would represent "the largest attack on civilian infrastructure in Ukraine since the start of the war."

The UK and US's ongoing support for Kyiv will be central to the discussions between the leaders at the White House on Thursday.

Rishi Sunak and Joe Biden met in Japan, last month

Also on the agenda, the regulation of artificial intelligence and economic cooperation.

On AI, the prime minister is expected to make the case that the UK can be a global leader on its development and regulation.

And on the economy, Rishi Sunak has said he will "continue discussing" America's Inflation Reduction Act - which has seen billions in new subsidies targeted at green industries in the US - with some fretting the UK is being left behind.

You can read more about it here from my colleague Faisal Islam.

The gulf between the president and the prime minister's instincts on this is wide, if not surprising: a Democratic president opting for massive state intervention, in the hope of greening his economy, reviving left behind areas and bringing manufacturing back to the US.

And a Conservative prime minister not naturally drawn towards huge interventions like this - and suggesting "subsidy races," as he put it, were a "zero sum" game.

But even if there is a philosophical opposition from some to what the president is doing, what are the political responses to it?

Rishi Sunak said "we've created lots of jobs" in green industries and "reduced carbon faster" than comparable countries.

He doesn't believe attempting the same plan as Washington would be wise.

Meanwhile, Rachel Reeves - who hopes to become the UK's first ever female chancellor if Labour win the next election - was in the US capital just a few weeks ago, and openly embracing a strategy very similar to Joe Biden's.

Is her plan affordable, and achievable? They are big and, as yet, unanswered questions.

What is much clearer is President Biden's attempts to rewire the global economy has implications all over the place - not least on our own domestic economy - and politics.

The death of a 43-year-old man is the first in the UK to be linked to the "zombie" drug xylazine, which is prompting overdose warnings in the US.

Normally used as a large-animal tranquiliser but now being found in heroin, it can cause a dangerously low heart rate and large open skin wounds.

UK experts are calling it "a really concerning drug".

They say drug users should be warned it is now present in the UK but there is no safe dose in humans.

Karl Warburton, form Solihull, West Midlands, died in May 2022 at home and had a history of illicit drug use, according to the coroner's report. He had been referred to addiction services on a number of occasions.

An examination of his body detected heroin, fentanyl and cocaine in his system, as well as xylazine.

A report on his death in the Journal of Forensic and Legal Medicine says he was "likely to have bought heroin and not known it was laced with xylazine and fentanyl".

"To the best of our knowledge, this is the first death associated with xylazine use reported in the UK, and even Europe, and indicates the entry of xylazine into the UK drug supply," it adds.

Xylazine is used by vets as a powerful sedative but it's not approved for use in humans.

Known as "tranq" or "tranq dope" when cut with heroin and fentanyl by drug dealers, xylazine has been causing huge problems in the US.

If injected directly into someone's bloodstream, it can cause large open skin ulcers to form. These can start to rot and lead to amputation.

It also lowers breathing and heart rate to dangerously low levels, which has led to it being dubbed a "flesh-eating zombie drug".

Xylazine emerged on the illicit drug market in Puerto Rico in the early 2000s and has since been found in the US, mainly in the east, and in Canada.

The US government has called it "an emerging threat" because of its growing role in fatal overdoses across the country - about 7% of the total.

And in some states, the drug was found in more than a quarter of overdoses.

But until now, there has been no sign of xylazine in the UK.

The drug was detected only because the Birmingham lab that carried out tests after the man's death noticed some strange results and identified xylaxine.

"The drug is not included in standard drug screens in the UK, so we don't know how widespread the xylazine problem is," said Dr Caroline Copeland, King's College London lecturer and director of the National Programme on Substance Abuse Deaths.

"We need to find out how that person ended up with it in his system."

Xylazine was listed on the man's death certificate as contributing to his death but there was no way of recording it in the UK drug-deaths database.

The report highlights the need to monitor changes in illicit-drug markets and in emerging drugs.

"There is no safe dose to use", it concludes, because there is an overlap between fatal and non-fatal doses of xylazine reported in people.

James Gallagher wired up for the heatwave experiment

Sometimes it can feel like the world is on fire.

Europe has been baking in a heatwave nicknamed the settimana infernale - "week of hell" - in Italy. Temperatures above 50C have been recorded in China and the US, where body bags filled with ice are being used to cool hospital patients. The UK has just had its hottest ever June.

And in 2022, the UK recorded a temperature above 40C for the first time. Last year's heatwave has been blamed for 60,000 deaths across Europe.

It's no wonder the United Nations has warned we now live in the era of "global boiling".

"I think it's really important to realise it's no longer just something that's distant or far away from us or something in the future. We are really seeing it now," says Prof Lizzie Kendon from the Met Office.

So what does the changing climate mean for our bodies and our health?

I tend to collapse into a sweaty puddle when it gets hot, but I've been invited to take part in a heatwave experiment.

Prof Damian Bailey from the University of South Wales wants to give me a typical heatwave encounter. So we're going to start at 21C, crank up the thermostat to 35C and then finally up to 40.3C - equivalent to the UK's hottest day.

"You will be sweating and your body's physiology is going to change quite considerably," Prof Bailey warns me.

Prof Bailey leads me into his environmental chamber. It's a room-sized piece of scientific equipment that can precisely control the temperature, humidity and oxygen levels inside this airtight space.

I've been here once before to explore the effects of cold.

But the shiny steel walls, heavy door and tiny portholes take on new meaning in anticipation of the temperature being cranked up.

I feel like I'm staring out of my oven.

The temperature starts at a perfectly pleasant 21C when the first instruction to "completely strip everything off" comes from Prof Bailey.

In response to a raised eyebrow, I'm reassured we're going to work out how sweaty I get, by seeing how my weight changes.

James getting wired up for the experiment inside the environmental chamber at the University of South Wales.

Next, I'm connected to a dizzying array of gizmos tracking the temperature of my skin and my internal organs, my heart rate and blood pressure. A huge mouthpiece analyses the air I exhale and an ultrasound inspects the flow of blood to my brain through the carotid arteries in my neck.

"Blood pressure is working nicely, heart rate is working nicely, all of the physiological signals at the moment are telling me that you're in spiffing shape," Prof Bailey tells me.

We have one quick brain test to complete - memorising a list of 30 words - and then the fans kick in. The temperature is starting to rise.

My body has one simple goal - to keep the core temperature around my heart, lungs, liver and other organs at about 37C.

"The thermostat in the brain, or hypothalamus, is constantly tasting the temperature, then it sends out all of these signals to try to maintain that," says Prof Bailey.

We take a pause at 35C to take some more measurements. It's warm in here now. It's not uncomfortable - I'm just relaxing in a chair - but I wouldn't want to work or exercise in this.

Prof Bailey is also feeling the heat inside the chamber

Some changes in my body are already clear. I look redder. Damian does too, he's stuck in here with me. That's because the blood vessels near the surface of my skin are opening up to make it easier for my warm blood to lose heat into the air.

Also I'm sweating - not dripping, but positively glistening - and as the sweat evaporates, that cools me down.

We then plough on to 40.3C, and now I feel like the heat is pounding me.

"It's not linear, it's exponential. Five degrees centigrade [more] doesn't sound much, but it really is physiologically so much more of a challenge," Prof Bailey says.

I'm glad we're not going higher. When I wipe my hand across my brow it is sodden. It's time to repeat the tests.

When I chuck my sweaty clothes on the floor, towel off and climb back on the scales I'm shocked to learn I've lost more than a third of a litre's worth of water during the course of the experiment.

The cost of opening up all those blood vessels near my skin to lose heat is also clear. My heart rate has increased significantly and at 40C it is pumping an extra litre of blood per minute around my body than it was at 21C.

This extra strain on the heart is why there is an increase in deaths from heart attacks and strokes when temperatures soar.

And as the blood heads to my skin, it's my brain that loses out. Blood flow goes down and so does my short-term memory.

But my body's main goal - keeping my core temperature at around 37C - has been achieved.

"Your body is working really quite nicely to try to defend that core temperature, but of course, the numbers are suggesting you weren't the same beast at 40 degrees as you were at 21 and that's in less than an hour," says Prof Bailey.

In my experiment only the temperature was changed, but the other crucial factor to consider is the amount of water vapour in the air - the humidity.

If you've ever been really uncomfortable on a muggy night then you can blame the humidity as it impairs our body's ability to cool down.

Sweating alone isn't enough - it's only when the sweat evaporates into the air that it gives us that cooling effect.

When there are high levels of water already in the air, it's harder for sweat to evaporate.

Damian kept the humidity fixed at 50% (not unusual for the UK), but a team at Pennsylvania State University in the US tested a bunch of healthy young adults at different combinations of temperature and humidity. They were looking for the moment when core body temperature started to rise rapidly.

"That's when it becomes dangerous. Our core temperature starts to rise and that can lead to organ failure," says researcher Rachel Cottle.

And that danger point is reached at lower temperatures when the humidity is high.

The concern is that heatwaves are not only becoming more frequent, longer in duration and more severe, but they're becoming more humid too, says Cottle.

She points out that last year, India and Pakistan were hit by a severe heatwave with both critical temperatures and high humidity. "It's definitely a 'now' problem, not a future problem," she says.

The human body is built to operate at a core temperature of about 37C degrees. We become more light-headed and prone to fainting as the core rises closer to 40C.

High core temperatures damage our body's tissues, such as heart muscle and the brain. Eventually this becomes deadly.

"Once the core temperature rises to around about 41-42 degrees centigrade we start to see really, really significant problems and if not treated the individual will actually die as a result, succumbing to hyperthermia," says Prof Bailey.

People's ability to cope with the heat varies, but age and ill health can make us far more vulnerable, and temperatures we may have once enjoyed on holidays may be dangerous at a different stage in life.

"You're going to leave the lab today with a smile on your face - all of these statistics coming are telling me that you have risen to the challenge and you've done a jolly good job," says Prof Bailey

But old age, heart disease, lung disease, dementia and some medications mean the body is already working harder to keep going, and is less able to respond to the heat.

"Every day it's a physiological challenge for them, now when you throw in extra spicy heat and humidity, sometimes they can't rise to that challenge," says Prof Bailey.

Many of the tips for coping with the heat are obvious and well known - stay in the shade, wear loose fitting clothes, avoid alcohol, keep your house cool, don't exercise in the hottest parts of the day and stay hydrated (you saw how much I sweated in an hour).

"Another tip is try not to get sunburned. A mild sunburn can knock out the ability to thermoregulate or to sweat for as long as two weeks," says Prof Bailey.

But dealing with the heat is something we could all have to become used to dealing with.

Without action on climate change Prof Lizzie Kendon said the hottest UK summer day could increase by 6C under a high-emission scenario: "That's a huge increase by the end of the century."

Inside Health was produced by Gerry Holt and Dan Welsh.
• None The new normal - why this summer has been so very hot

King Charles has delivered a speech partly in German at Bellevue Palace in Berlin during a state visit to the country, his first since becoming monarch.

The monarch made several jokes and praised the ties between the UK and Germany.

The King and his wife Camilla, the Queen Consort, attended a state banquet hosted by German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier.

Among those in attendance were the first lady Elke Büdenbender, as well as dignitaries from both Germany and the UK, including former Chancellor Angela Merkel and British Foreign Secretary James Cleverly.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Drone appears to be shot down in Moscow region

Ukraine has launched a drone attack on Moscow, the Russian defence ministry says, forcing flights to be diverted from Vnukovo International Airport.

Five drones were reportedly used in Tuesday's attack, which also targeted locations in the wider region around the capital.

The defence ministry said all the drones were shot down and there were no casualties or damage.

Ukraine has not claimed responsibility for the alleged attack.

Restrictions at Vnukovo airport, one of Moscow's three international airports, have now been lifted. Flights from Turkey, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt were among those affected.

According to the defence ministry, four of the drones flying in the Moscow region were shot down by air defence systems. A fifth was intercepted electronically before crashing.

"An attempt by the Kyiv regime to attack a zone where civil infrastructure is located, including an airport that receives international flights, is a new terrorist act," foreign ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said on Telegram.

Russian state media said one of the drones crashed in the town of Kubinka, which is roughly 36km (22 miles) from Vnukovo airport in the south-west of the city.

Another was reportedly shot down near the village of Valuevo, also near the airport.

The BBC is trying to verify this information independently.

This is not the first drone attack to target Moscow. In May, Russia's defence ministry said at least eight drones caused minor damage.

It was the first time the city had been targeted by multiple drones since Russia's invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 and came after Moscow blamed Kyiv for a drone attack on the Kremlin.

Tuesday's drone attack comes after Ukraine launched its counter-offensive against Russia.

This has not yet achieved the sort of speed and momentum some had hoped for, including Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, who previously acknowledged progress was slow.

Meanwhile, the death toll from a Russian drone attack on the northern Ukrainian city of Sumy on Monday has risen to three, according to the local mayor. Several other people were injured.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

Warning: This article contains details some readers may find distressing

A teenager who helped jail her paternal grandfather after he sexually abused her as a small child is speaking out to "take away the shame" for survivors like her. Poppy hopes her story will change attitudes and help others.

The 18-year-old has set aside her right to anonymity because she believes "if people can see a face behind something so taboo, it makes it more relatable".

She describes how, as a small child, she thought the abuse she suffered was normal - and how she felt enormous relief when she eventually told her parents, aged 11.

Only by talking openly, says Poppy, will others understand that abuse can happen within any family.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Poppy says she "lost a lot of family" after helping jail her grandfather

"Why should we be hidden? It is a crime, as simple as that," she says.

"I am like any other person probably going through it. Survivors are very good at acting like nothing is wrong, people didn't see it in me."

Poppy is speaking out as new data shows more cases of child sexual abuse are being reported to police in England and Wales than ever before.

There were 105,542 sexual offences recorded against children in the year up to March.

The Home Office figures have been analysed for the BBC by the Centre of Expertise on Child Sexual Abuse (CSA Centre), which studies the causes, impact and scale of abuse. The centre says greater awareness is a key reason for a 57% increase in recorded offences over six years.

Child sexual abuse within a family environment accounts for nearly half the cases.

That's why Poppy believes talking publicly will help children realise that someone will listen to them.

It's a hot summer's day. At a busy airfield in Kent, Poppy is pulling on overalls and being helped into a parachute harness.

Four days after finishing her A-levels and a week before her 18th birthday, she is about to jump out of a plane to raise money for a charity that helped her deal with the abuse that blighted her early years.

Poppy believes doing her first skydive mirrors the "scary leap" you take when you tell someone about abuse.

Her mother, Miranda, is there to support her. Her father, David, is working away, but she video calls him just before she climbs into the plane.

They are a close family. They've had to be to survive the toughest of times.

Poppy compares skydiving to taking the leap to tell someone about her abuse

They believe Poppy was first abused when she was a toddler.

"I thought grandparents did that to their grandchildren," says Poppy. "I thought that was quite normal."

David's father, John, would help out by looking after Poppy when needed.

"I knew the cues," Poppy says. When the regular children's programme she watched with him ended, then the abuse would begin.

Today Poppy is eloquent and thoughtful, but as she casts her mind back to that time she falters as she searches for words.

"It would always start with: 'Can you help me come and get dressed?' And I'd have to go to his bedroom. I was made to do things to him, he would then do things to me."

When I say to her that she was groomed, she says yes and describes the complex relationship she had with her paternal grandfather. She says she felt so much shame and believed she was in the wrong, so wanted to protect him.

At the age of five, just before going on a trip to Legoland, she tried to tell her mother about the abuse.

A photo taken that day shows a little girl with long blonde plaits smiling up at her parents. If it is hard for Poppy to find the right words now, this is a reminder of how impossible it must have been at such a young age.

Poppy tried to tell her parents what was happening when she was five

"She started to tell us, then giggled," says Miranda. "We just didn't really realise what she was trying to tell us."

Her parents thought she had seen John when he had come out of the shower. David spoke to his father.

"His immediate response was - 'I might have got changed in front of her,'" says David. His father promised it wouldn't happen again.

"He literally shut it down completely, but in a calm way. And I thought, OK! He is my dad!"

The abuse stopped, but as Poppy grew, so did her anxiety. She describes the guilt she felt as "eating her alive".

A teenager's story of survival and making a difference. By talking openly about the sexual abuse that devastated her early life, Poppy is determined to challenge the taboos that make it difficult for survivors to ask for and get help.

At school, aged 10 and 11, Poppy was having lessons warning about sexual exploitation and grooming. She began to recognise what had happened to her.

"I'm sat there thinking, 'I'm involved in that'," Poppy says. "That's me, that's dark. That's disgusting."

The CSA Centre says an estimated one child in every 10 will have their life damaged by some form of sexual abuse by the age of 16.

Then came a day when Poppy was being physically sick. Her mother suggested they go for a walk. It was then Poppy took the leap and told her about the abuse.

"I just needed to keep her safe," says Poppy's mother Miranda

"It was sickening," says Miranda. "She obviously saw the look on my face, and was like, 'Mum, please don't tell anybody. I don't want anything to happen to him. I love him.' She immediately said, 'It's my fault. I'm not a nice person.'"

Miranda says she was "clueless" as to what to do next. "I'd never even come across anyone that had been through this. I just needed to keep her safe."

Poppy had been worried about her mum's reaction, but says it was an immediate "we are going to get through this". The relief she felt was huge, because "it was now in other people's hands".

They headed home, and as Miranda puts it: "Cried a lot, then it was, how do I tell David?"

She phoned her husband - as he was working away.

He describes his "huge mixed emotions" when he heard the news.

"I had to make this call to ultimately report my father," he says. "It was incredibly tough. However, she's my daughter, and she comes first."

The grandfather never admitted what he had done - says child protection officer Det Con Deniz Aslan

Poppy was then interviewed by Det Con Deniz Aslan, from Kent Police's child protection team, along with a social worker.

Det Con Aslan remembers the 11-year-old being very anxious. This was the first time she had explained to anyone exactly what her grandfather had done.

"Any sexual abuse of a child is serious," DC Aslan says. "But the rape of an under 13-year-old, I don't think you get more serious than that."

She says the grandfather never admitted what he had done.

Miranda's voice breaks as she describes being told by the police the details of what had happened.

"She was being raped by him. And she felt responsible for it. No child should feel responsible for that," she says.

"Poppy would never give us the full detail of what he'd done. She was trying to protect us."

For David, there was the distress of knowing his father was the abuser.

"He was abusing our daughter, and then five minutes later, he was having a cup of tea with us. So I felt, who is this man?

"But then equally, as a child, I had many happy memories. There was a real conflict going on in my mind."

Poppy's parents sold their business and moved house to keep her safe

It took 18 months for the case against the grandfather, John, to reach trial.

Across England and Wales, only 12% of reported offences result in charges - according to the CSA Centre - and it typically takes nearly two years for those to get to court.

Poppy's recorded interview was played, then she was cross-examined. She had just turned 13.

"I was so desperate to fight my own corner," she says. "In some ways, there was a good amount of anger behind me, so telling my side of the story was incredibly important."

In 2018, John was found guilty on three counts, including rape, and was jailed for 13-and-a-half years.

The judge described Poppy's testimony as "heart-rending" and "utterly compelling". John's defence that she had made it up at her parents' instigation was described as "quite absurd".

He died in prison last year.

The conviction was important for Poppy, but so was the counselling she received. She had to wait five months for that support - now, it can take much longer. At Family Matters in Kent, where Poppy went, they have more than 300 abuse survivors waiting.

"When you want help, you want help now," says the charity's chief executive, Mary Trevillion - whose team spends a lot of time risk assessing people while they wait for a counsellor.

She also finds many people hide what has happened to them, only asking for help when they are adults.

The Home Office told us it was significantly increasing support for victims of child sexual abuse - including quadrupling money for victims' services by 2024-25.

It also said it recognised that child sexual abuse was an "often-hidden" crime, and that was why the government was making it "mandatory for those who work with young people to report any suspicions that a child is being sexually abused or exploited".

The small plane climbs high into the cloudless sky.

Poppy is doing the skydive to raise money for a helpline that supports abuse survivors while they wait to see a counsellor. So far, she has raised more than £70,000.

Poppy and her instructor shuffle to the edge of the plane's open door - the patchwork fields of Kent spreads out beneath them.

Poppy says her life now is "incredible"

Minutes later, Poppy is on the ground - safe and laughing.

"You've got that initial panic," she says, "but then it's just that relief to jump out - you are in it now, you've got to do it."

Thinking back to the 11-year-old who found the courage to tell her mother about the abuse, Poppy says "I'd give her a massive hug. Without her strength, I don't think I'd be here today and the life I have now is incredible."

Her message to others who are struggling with abuse is "take that jump" - tell someone.

"I can't promise you will be believed by everyone," she says. "But I can promise there is someone who will believe you, and there is a way through this."

If you are affected by any of the issues in this article you can find details of organisations that can help via the BBC Action line.

Tyler McDermott was found with a gunshot injury on Norman Road

Two men have been arrested after a teenager died in a shooting in north London.

Tyler McDermott, 17, was found by the emergency services on Norman Road in Tottenham at about 04:20 BST on Thursday and died on Friday .

The Met said two 19-year-olds have been arrested on suspicion of murder and remain in custody.

The detective leading the investigation appealed to a group of people at the scene at the time to come forward.

Det Ch Insp Neil John said: "There is still significant work to do to identify those involved in Tyler's murder.

"There were a large number of people in the area at the time of Tyler's murder and I am reiterating my appeal to anyone who was there, or who has information about this incident, to contact police immediately."

The Met added Tyler's family continue to be supported by specialist officers and a post-mortem examination is scheduled to take place on Sunday.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Melody Thornton could not finish I Will Always Love You as some people were loudly singing

Singer Melody Thornton has apologised after rowdy audience members halted a performance of The Bodyguard musical.

The ex-Pussycat Dolls star was unable to complete the show's final song due to the disruption at Manchester's Palace Theatre on Friday.

Speaking on Instagram, Thornton said she "fought really hard" to finish the show, but it had not been possible.

The theatre said two audience members who refused to sit down and stop singing were removed by security staff.

The theatre had previously asked people not to sing along to the stage adaptation of the 1992 film, which stars Thornton and former Emmerdale and Hollyoaks actor Ayden Callaghan in the roles made famous by Whitney Houston and Kevin Costner.

A representative said staff were "disappointed that the last 10 minutes of the show needed to be cancelled due to disruptive customers refusing to stay seated and spoiling the performance for others".

They praised the work of the venue's security for "dealing with these difficult circumstances in a professional and calm way" and thanked Greater Manchester Police (GMP) "for their assistance".

The force confirmed officers had attended after two people were removed by security staff.

Audience member Karl Bradley told BBC Radio Manchester that some spectators in the higher tier had started a countdown ahead of the finale, which features the classic song I Will Always Love You.

He said they "started to project themselves" by singing along and attempted to hit the song's high notes, but could not "and that's when the chaos began".

He said Thornton's microphone was cut, though the star kept singing, but "eventually the lights cut off as the drama unfolded".

He added that there were "audible gasps" from other audience members and people were "all stood up, looking up".

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Ayden Callaghan This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Speaking on Instagram, Thornton said she was "just very, very sorry that we couldn't finish the show".

"I fought really hard, it feels awful," she said.

"I respect that you paid your money and I am so grateful to everyone who respects the people on stage who want to give you a beautiful show."

Callaghan tweeted that a "few badly behaved individuals ruined it".

He said there had been "disgusting behaviour" and though the cast "wanted to carry on", they were unable to because "it had become a major incident".

He added that he was "really sorry to what was 99.9% a brilliant audience".

GMP said two people were removed by security staff and spoken to by officers at the theatre.

It said "a decision about any further action will be made once the evidence has been reviewed".

The theatre's representative said future performances would "continue as planned".

"We ask that customers are considerate towards the cast, fellow audience members and theatre team so that everyone can enjoy the wonderful entertainment on stage," they added.

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Flowers are left on the pavement to remember the children shot dead in class in Belgrade

There is an awful silence hanging over the steep hill on which Vladislav Ribnikar elementary school sits.

On Wednesday, a 13-year-old entered the school, armed with two guns and a "kill list" - and shot dead eight fellow students and a security guard. Six other children remain in hospital.

The school is at the heart of this central Belgrade community, where streams of mourners are arriving, bearing flowers and soft toys.

Exactly 24 hours after the worst school shooting in Serbian history, pupils from the next-door college stand along the street to stand in silence and remember those killed.

"I am crushed," says final-year school student Alex Oborina, 19, beside some of the handwritten notes left on the pavement.

"We have failed as a society because this is something that should not happen to a 13-year-old. He should not be grabbing a gun and going into his school and shooting his friends."

Alex seems to echo the sentiment everyone here feels.

"This is probably the worst thing that has ever happened in my life. We need to use this as a stepping stone to rebuild. "

Alex Oborina believes the children's parents will never have justice for what happened

I ask if the suspect's age of 13 will make it even harder for Serbian society to come to terms with this attack because he is too young to face prosecution.

"Whatever happened, even if he had been 18 or 19, justice would never have been served for those parents who lost their children."

The boy was arrested by police immediately after the shooting. His father who legally owned both guns was also detained, as was his mother.

His lawyer, Irina Borovic, says he has been interviewed by doctors and has now been taken to a Belgrade neurology and psychiatry clinic for children and youth.

The motive for the attack remains unclear.

But of the victims, seven of the eight who were killed were girls.

Further down the hill, candle wax oozes down on to the stems of white lilies resting against a thin tree.

An elderly woman makes the sign of the cross before slowly kneeling down and placing a single flower. Above her, a teddy bear is attached to the fencing of the football pitch, near the empty goal.

During the afternoon, a large crowd gathers outside the school. Most are pupils from elsewhere in Belgrade who have come here to pay their respects.

Thousands of people, mainly pupils from other Belgrade schools, converged on the school

Mother-of-two Sanja Bastic has travelled here with teachers from her own children's school as a sign of solidarity.

She begins to weep as she explains how her 10-year-old son asked her husband last night what would happen if a shooting happened to them next.

"My son asked, 'how would you feel if you were having to wait outside the school and I didn't come out?'

"The kids are sometimes smarter than we are and notice things we don't."

Sanja believes her country has to look wider than the actions of just one teenager.

"It's not the kid's fault. It's our fault. This is a combination of things that are happening here. We are a great country with good people and we're welcoming but we have problems here that we need to solve drastically."

Violence both online and in real life have to be addressed urgently, she adds.

"I'm afraid this may be the beginning. We just need to stop it. We have now realised that in our country something like this can happen, and we need to take care of our kids."

A teddy bear is a painful reminder that most of the victims of the shooting were children

A short distance from the school, at the Ministry of Education, the woman responsible for preventing violence in classrooms in Serbia tells the BBC that nothing in the suspect's school records showed any sign that he might be capable of such devastating violence.

"Official information we have about this particular case tell us that nothing suggested something like this will happen," says Milja Krivokuca.

"The most important thing for us to do now is to support everyone, stabilise the situation and then we will go back and look retrospectively to see if something could have been done differently."

At least two unions representing teachers say their members will go on strike tomorrow, demanding better protection for staff and pupils.

President Aleksandar Vucic has suggested the age of criminal liability may be lowered from 14 to 12 in the wake of the killings.

Ms Krivokuca agrees: "It is my opinion that it would be desirable to lower the age for criminal responsibility because of one important reason: It is necessary to secure maximum protection [for schools]".

Serbia should also compare its legislation with neighbours in Europe and further afield, she believes.

"We might need to see what other countries are doing where legal responsibility starts at 12, and sometimes 10 years old."

Melody Powell has her heart set on a post-pandemic trip to New York

Major airlines are charging some disabled passengers double to fly from the UK, the BBC has found.

Nearly 30 carriers contacted by the BBC said passengers with mobility problems must purchase a full-price ticket for a personal care assistant (PA).

This is despite Civil Aviation Authority guidance on EU law, maintained by the UK post-Brexit, urging airlines to subsidise the cost.

Disabled people with mobility issues say the situation is discriminatory.

Melody Powell has been saving up to visit friends in New York who kept her company online during years of Covid shielding, but says the extra cost makes flying impossibly expensive.

Melody, 25, uses a wheelchair and needs to fly with a PA to help her reach the toilet and get off the plane. She now has enough money to pay for her own fare - almost £600 - but is still a long way from being able to afford another full-price ticket.

"Seeing how much it will cost me to fly because I'm disabled is quite scary," she says.

LISTEN: You can hear more about airline charging on the BBC Access All podcast.

Richard Amm is unable to visit his family in South Africa during the festive season or at short notice, when PA tickets can cost £1,500.

When his 77-year-old mother broke three ribs recently, flying over was too costly.

"I would love to visit my mum," Richard says. "But facing double the cost, it just isn't really feasible for me to go."

Richard says the cost of a PA ticket means he is unable to visit his family in South Africa at Christmas

The 40-year-old uses a wheelchair and has trouble lifting his arms, so needs help on long flights.

He feels the current situation is "totally discriminatory" and makes it even harder for disabled people to manage the already high costs of living.

"Most of us are too poor to even afford a ticket for ourselves," Richard says.

According to disability charity Scope the average additional monthly cost of being disabled is about £600 - because of the higher cost of specialist equipment and higher usage of essentials like energy.

But the employment rate for disabled people is 54%, compared to 82% for non-disabled people.

BBC News contacted more than 100 airlines, including all that fly from Heathrow, to find out how many insist on a PA and whether they offer a discount.

British Airways told the BBC that it provided discounted PA fares on direct flights to Brazil and US, but refused to specify by how much. US law allows for subsidised tickets, but only if the airline believes a PA is necessary for safety reasons and the individual does not.

But in reality, the BBC has been told, this excludes the majority of disabled passengers as it is extremely rare for the clause to be activated - as most people who are told they need a PA already accept that they do.

Being told by airlines to travel with, and pay for, a PA is a common frustration for disabled passengers, says Josh Wintersgill, a wheelchair user and entrepreneur who is trying to improve aviation accessibility.

"With many not requiring companions, being forced to travel with someone feels very undermining and incurs additional costs. This is significantly unfair and borderline discriminatory," he says.

He says there is a need for "drastic international collaboration" to improve "outdated and ineffective regulations and guidelines".

European aviation regulations, maintained by the UK post-Brexit, explicitly advise airlines to offer discounts for passengers who require an escort, but they are advisory only, and cannot be enforced.

The CAA, which regulates UK aviation policy set by the Department of Transport, also recommends free or discounted PA tickets, but again lacks the power to impose them. The CAA's chief, Anne Bowles, told the BBC that while there was no legal requirement for airlines to offer free or discounted seats to an accompanying person, "our view is that it is best practice for airlines to do so".

Adopting these recommendations would bring the aviation sector in line with travelcard schemes across the UK that provide free or discounted travel to disabled people - and sometimes their carers - on buses, trains and taxis. Similar PA concessions also apply at ticketed events.

Melody is frustrated that there is no obligation for airlines to offer discounted fares.

"When it comes to any sort of legislation that's meant to help disabled people, it's never a legally binding thing," she says. "It's always 'a suggestion' that people conveniently forget exists."

Airlines and airports are required to provide disabled passengers with assistance to the plane free of charge, including help to board and disembark the aircraft, in line with anti-discrimination commitments.

However, during the flight itself, airline staff are not expected to help disabled passengers access the toilet or evacuate the aircraft.

This is because airlines are not considered service providers under the UK Equality Act, leaving few legal options to challenge disability discrimination in air travel.

Airlines are only required to follow the Montreal Convention, a set of rules which limit responsibility to personal injury or loss and damage of baggage.

Campaigner Chris Wood said more legislation was needed because the current advice was just "guidance, not the law".

What the rules should be and what we want are "two different things", he told BBC Radio 4's Today Programme, suggesting that airlines should show "a little bit of empathy".

The founder of Flying Disabled added that some airlines are "great", but they all "need guidance".

Airlines and airports are required to help disabled passengers on and off planes free of charge

Last year the government conducted an aviation consultation that addressed accessibility for disabled passengers but, like its aviation passenger charter, it did not specifically address additional ticket costs for PAs.

When asked by the BBC over the widespread failure of airlines to adopt recommendations to subsidise PA fares, the Department for Transport said it was "committed to ensuring" accessible air travel but did not address the additional ticket charges.

Enforcing global disability rights in air travel is a challenge because there is no collective means of imposing obligations internationally.

For example, when a 2019 lawsuit in Canada found that requiring obese passengers and those with a disability to purchase two seats was discriminatory, the country's airlines began to subsidise PA tickets - but for domestic flights only.

Legal experts have told the BBC that the most probable path for change is for a bloc of countries, such as the EU, to impose a member-wide standard that might then become a global norm. Post-Brexit, the UK's position would require its own unique commitments.

A host of failings have been highlighted by the disabled community in recent years. These include being left on planes or at terminals for a long time when waiting for assistance, difficulties accessing the toilet and wheelchairs being lost or damaged.

Rather than face the additional costs and challenges of flying as a disabled passenger, many avoid it.

Ben Iles, 44, likes to travel but has flown just twice in the past 20 years, having had bad experiences getting on and off planes - he now prefers to use a van that is adapted to his wheelchair.

"I have everything I need," he says.

But there are some signs of progress for disabled and less mobile travellers - the Department for Transport said last month that it planned to give the CAA the power to fine airlines for breaching consumer laws.

This includes removing the reimbursement cap for damaged wheelchairs, which are currently treated like regular luggage and valued by weight, not price.

The CAA has also suggested a ranking to provide transparency about the disability performance of different airlines.

In response to the BBC's findings, Airlines UK, the industry trade body, said its airlines held a "proven track record" of constructive engagement on disability issues and would continue to be supportive of any initiative that improved quality and access to air travel.

Do you have a similar story to the passengers in this article? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Edwards, who joined the BBC in 1984, is one of the UK's most high-profile broadcasters

BBC News presenter Huw Edwards, who has been named as the presenter at the centre of an explicit photo row, is one of the UK's most high-profile broadcasters.

He has been the BBC's choice to front coverage of major national events, a reflection of how well-regarded he is by the corporation.

Trusted by viewers, he has over decades built a reputation as a reliable and calming presence on screen.

Last Wednesday, on what transpired to be his last day on air for BBC News before the scandal broke, Edwards was broadcasting from Edinburgh as Scotland prepared to greet King Charles.

Less than a week later, the 61-year-old's broadcasting career is under serious pressure, after his wife issued a statement naming him as the BBC presenter facing a series of damaging allegations.

He joined BBC News as a trainee in 1984 and he eventually secured a job as political reporter for BBC Wales. Just two years later, he became BBC Wales's parliamentary correspondent.

By the early 1990s he was the BBC's chief political correspondent at Westminster.

He became a regular face on the BBC News channel, then called BBC News 24, after it launched in 1997.

Edwards became one of the main anchors on the Six O'Clock News in 1999

In its early days, the channel was plagued by technical difficulties, but Edwards' confident and level-headed performance in challenging circumstances was said to have impressed BBC bosses.

Around the same time, Edwards was working as an occasional cover presenter on BBC One's Six O'Clock News, one of the most-viewed television news bulletins in the UK, becoming one of the programme's main anchors in 1999.

Four years later, he was promoted to the Ten O'Clock News, widely seen as the BBC's flagship bulletin, and was increasingly asked to present and commentate on major national events for the BBC.

They included the wedding of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge (as they were known at the time) in 2011, the funeral of the Duke of Edinburgh (2021), the Queen's Diamond and Platinum Jubilee (2012 and 2022) and the coronation of King Charles (2023).

He was also on air when Nelson Mandela died in 2013, and co-hosted the results of the Brexit referendum in 2016.

But perhaps the biggest single moment in Edwards' long presenting career came last September, when he announced the death of Queen Elizabeth II.

He had started his shift early that day following rumours of the Queen's declining health, presenting rolling news coverage from 14:00 before confirming the Monarch's death to the nation that evening while wearing a black tie.

He went on to front coverage of the late Queen's funeral. He was widely praised by viewers, and the coverage won Edwards and his colleagues a TRIC award, presented last month.

Edwards has presented the flagship News at Ten bulletin for the last 20 years

As well as major royal events, Edwards had recently become the face of the BBC's general election coverage.

The Welsh broadcaster was one of the BBC's top earners. In 2017, the first year the BBC was compelled by Parliament to publish the salaries of its star presenters, it was revealed Edwards made £550,000.

Following a flurry of negative headlines about the amount of money the BBC spent on top talent, and the disparity between some of its male and female stars, Edwards took a pay cut, and six years later his salary stands at £435,000.

Edwards made a cameo appearance as himself in the 2012 James Bond film Skyfall, presenting a BBC News report on a fictionalised attack on the British intelligence service MI6.

In an interview with BBC Radio Cymru in 2021, Edwards indicated he may not have many years left as the corporation's chief news anchor due to the demands of the role.

"The nightly news business, after 20 years, that can be taxing, even though I still enjoy the job," he said. "But I don't think I'll be doing that for long… I think it's fair for the viewers to get a change."

Edwards was named as the BBC presenter by his wife Vicky Flind on Wednesday

In the same year, Edwards made a Welsh-language documentary about his career, during which he revealed he had suffered bouts of depression over 20 years, and had been left "bedridden" by his struggle with his mental health.

But after a distinguished career at the BBC, there are now serious questions about Edwards' career.

After the Sun published allegations on Friday that an unnamed BBC presenter had paid large sums of money for explicit images of an individual, there were days of speculation about who the presenter might be.

Over the following days, the Sun, and later BBC News, released further allegations, keeping the story in the headlines.

Finally, on Wednesday, his wife Vicky Flind confirmed Edwards' identity on his behalf, saying she was doing so "primarily out of concern for his mental well-being" and to protect their five children.

"Huw is suffering from serious mental health issues," she said. "The events of the last few days have greatly worsened matters, he has suffered another serious episode and is now receiving in-patient hospital care where he'll stay for the foreseeable future."

"Once well enough to do so, he intends to respond to the stories that have been published."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Awning of one of Macron's favourite cafes in flames

Protesters in Paris have attacked one of French President Emmanuel Macron's favourite restaurants, as tensions over controversial pension reforms continue.

Riot police had to form a barricade around La Rotonde bistro, which was briefly set on fire.

Thursday was the 11th day of unrest since January, over legislation raising the retirement age by two years, from 62 to 64.

The country awaits a decision on the validity of the legislation next week.

The Constitutional Council will rule on the reforms on 14 April, and has the power to strike down some or all of it.

Mr Macron is currently in China to meet President Xi Jinping.

The unrest, along with strike action, has caused disruption throughout France, and on Thursday demonstrations again took place across the country.

Trade union leaders are hoping for a large turnout to keep up momentum ahead of the council's decision.

"We haven't given up yet and we don't intend to," said public servant Davy Chretien, 50, quoted by AFP news agency in Marseille.

In Paris protesters threw stones, bottles and paint at police at La Rotonde - a famous cafe frequented by figures including Spanish artist Pablo Picasso. Mr Macron and his team celebrated there following his 2017 election victory.

Earlier, striking railway workers stormed the former headquarters of Credit Lyonnais bank, which now houses the BlackRock investment company and other firms.

Protesters forced their way into the central Paris building that houses BlackRock, chanting and setting off fireworks

France's interior ministry estimated 570,000 people took part in Thursday's strikes, although French unions claimed the number was far higher, at nearly two million.

The unions have called for new strikes and protests on 13 April - a day before the ruling on the reform.

Though the protests have been largely peaceful, there has been an element of violence since the government in March decided to force the legislation through the lower house of parliament - where it lacks an absolute majority - without a vote.

Mr Macron has defended the move, saying the reform is a necessity.

Russia has repeatedly attacked the Ukrainian port city of Odesa in the days since it withdrew from the grain deal

A short life, with its flaws, but the only diplomatic light in the darkness of Russia's invasion.

It had allowed Ukraine to export its grain to the world through the Black Sea.

A third less than normal, but still 33 million tonnes. However, in recent months, its health had deteriorated.

Russia was accused of slowing the route with naval blockades and long inspections, and the deal finally succumbed.

Last week saw Moscow's official withdrawal. Russia then launched a wave of missile strikes on ports it once promised to leave alone.

EXPLAINED: What was the Ukraine grain deal?

One site destroyed was a grain terminal owned by one of Ukraine's biggest producers, Kernel. Officials say more than 60,000 tonnes of grain has been destroyed in the past week.

"We stopped our exports for the first two to three months of the war," explains Yevhen Osypov, Kernel's CEO.

"The prices of oil and grain went up by 50%, and you can see the same happening again now."

While global grain supplies seem to be stable for now, global markets saw the price of grain rise by 8% within a day of Russia pulling out - the highest daily rise since its full-scale invasion of Ukraine in February last year.

Russian President Vladimir Putin now says his country "is capable of replacing the Ukrainian grain both on a commercial and free-of-charge basis, especially as we expect another record harvest this year".

In an article published on the Kremlin's website ahead of this week's Russia-Africa summit, President Putin wrote that "Russia will continue its energetic efforts to provide supplies of grain, food products, fertilisers and other goods to Africa".

Both Russia and Ukraine are among the world's leading grain exporters.

At the weekend Russian missile strikes severely damaged Odesa's Transfiguration Cathedral, in the city's Unesco world heritage-listed historic centre

The Kremlin had earlier agreed not to target port infrastructure in three locations in the region, but that diplomatic shield is no more.

With damaged ports, no agreed corridor through the Black Sea and Russia controlling most of the coastline, Mr Osypov believes Ukraine's grain export capacity will drop by a further 50%.

"It's a huge challenge for our farmers because they'll have to sell their products 20% below cost," says Mr Osypov, who predicts there will be fewer people in the future working less land.

The death of the grain deal extends well beyond Odesa's ports. The city's mayor Gennady Trukhanov thinks Moscow just wants to show nothing will be exported without them, and he's right.

"The most terrible thing is that in order to achieve their goal, they've attacked innocent people," he says.

Ukraine is known as Europe's breadbasket because of the vast amount of grain it produces

You're left in little doubt over the scale of Ukrainian grain production when standing 40 metres high on top of a silo in the central Poltava region.

The plant we're in can hold 120,000 tonnes. It's around a third full, and while Ukraine is unable to export through the Black Sea, it will keep filling up.

The site is surrounded by an endless agricultural expanse.

This is a country which can't suddenly stop producing grain. It has to go somewhere - or at least that's the hope.

"We feel there is a need for us to harvest as much grain as possible," says Yulia, a lab technician at Kernel, as she pours samples into a pipe.

Before the birth of the grain deal, tens of millions of people from some of the world's poorest countries were at risk of starvation because of Ukraine's inability to export it.

Twelve months later, that risk has returned.

"The Russians probably don't understand what hunger is," says Yulia. "People are starving, there's a large supply, but they can't get it for no reason."

Lab technicians like Yulia test Ukraine's grain once it has been harvested

Moscow had threatened to pull out before, mainly saying there were too many restrictions on its own agricultural goods.

It also wants a major bank let into a global payment system, restrictions lifted on Russian fertiliser companies, and for its ships to get full access to insurance and foreign ports.

President Putin has now turned those complaints into demands. However, if they were to be met, that would require a relaxation of western sanctions, which is hard to imagine.

Last July, the Kremlin had seemed keen to be "part of the solution" when it came to the food crisis that it has directly caused by invading Ukraine.

Battlefield frustrations seem to have changed that stance.

Despite the lack of a pulse, Turkey - one of the main brokers of the grain deal along with the United Nations - is still hopeful it can be resuscitated.

The UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres (left) and Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan helped broker the grain deal in 2022

So, assuming the initiative is indeed dead, is there an heir apparent? An alternative solution for Ukraine to export?

Road and rail has been used through neighbouring countries like Romania and Poland, but there have been times when Ukrainian grain has flooded their markets and driven down prices, to the annoyance of farmers.

The River Danube has also been developed as a route through central Europe, with two million tonnes of grain making it through in the last 12 months, compared with 600,000 the year before.

However both scratch the surface of what Ukraine hopes to shift, and are much more expensive logistically.

During her recent visit I asked the head of US Aid, Samantha Power, whether Ukraine's status as "Europe's breadbasket" was a thing of the past.

She'd just announced a package worth almost a billion dollars for Ukraine, which included agricultural modernisation.

"We're doing what we can, but there's no substitute for peace," was her reply.

The stepfather of a five-year-old girl has pleaded guilty to her murder.

Nadia Zofia Kalinowska died after being found injured at her family home at Fernagh Drive in Newtownabbey in December 2019.

Her mother, 28 year-old Aleksandra Wahab, and the child's stepfather, 34-year-old Abdul Wahab, went on trial on Wednesday at Belfast Crown Court, accused of murder.

When the case resumed on Thursday, Abdul Wahab pleaded guilty to murder.

The Pakistani national also pleaded guilty to two charges of grievous bodily harm with intent 24 hours before the child's death and on other occasions between July and December that year.

A minimum period, before he can be released, will be set at a future date.

The trial had been told the schoolgirl was tortured and killed in her home - a place where she should have felt safe.

During the opening, Crown barrister Liam McCollum detailed the injuries inflicted on Nadia.

As well as suffering a skull fracture and lacerated liver which caused her death, Nadia had sustained fractures and re-fractures to her ribs, a fractured collarbone, a fractured pelvis and an injury to her bowel.

Also present at Nadia's time of death were 70 surface injuries including bruising and abrasions.

Nadia was rushed to hospital from her home in Newtownabbey

This led the Crown to conclude that Nadia had been subjected to a campaign of physical abuse in the family home which culminated in her death.

As the hearing was due to resume on Thursday, barristers for both Mr and Mrs Wahab asked that their clients be re-arraigned.

At this point Abdul Wahab bowed his head and tearfully pleaded guilty to the murder.

Aleksandra Wahab pleaded guilty to allowing the death of a child and allowing a child to suffer serious physical harm.

These pleas were accepted by the court and the jury was discharged.

She was remanded back into custody.

Addressing the jury of seven men and five woman, the judge said that as both defendants had now pleaded guilty to three charges each, he directed them to return not guilty verdicts on all the remaining counts.

A spokesperson for the school said: "Our school community is still in shock at this terrible tragedy. We have lost Nadia who was a much loved pupil.

"Our thoughts and prayers are with those impacted at this time."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. China "represents a challenge to the world order", the PM says.

China "represents a challenge to the world order" which the UK must take seriously, Rishi Sunak has said.

The prime minister told the BBC he was increasing funding for the armed forces because "the world has become more volatile" and "threats to our security have increased".

Defence spending will rise by nearly £5bn over the next two years.

But No 10 has given no timeframe for a longer term ambition to boost spending to 2.5% of national income.

Mr Sunak was speaking in California, where he held talks with his US and Australian counterparts to agree details of a UK-US pact to supply Australia with nuclear-powered submarines.

The agreement, known as the Aukus pact, was signed in 2021 as part of a joint effort to counter Chinese military power in the Indo-Pacific region.

Mr Sunak said in a press conference to mark the pact that the Aukus partnership would deliver "one of the most advanced" submarines "the world has ever known", creating thousands of jobs in British shipyards.

The new SSN-Aukus submarines will also be used by the UK, and will be in operation for the Royal Navy by the late 2030s under the plan.

The boats will replace the UK's seven Astute-class subs.

The UK's submarines will mainly be built by BAE Systems at Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria, and Rolls-Royce, with the US sharing sensitive technology for the project.

Australia's boats will be built in South Australia, using some components manufactured in the UK, and will be in service in the early 2040s.

Mr Sunak said: "The Aukus partnership, and the submarines we are building in British shipyards, are a tangible demonstration of our commitment to global security.

"This partnership was founded on the bedrock of our shared values and resolute focus on upholding stability in the Indo-Pacific and beyond."

Earlier, in an interview with the BBC's Chris Mason, Mr Sunak said: "China is a country with fundamentally different values to ours and it represents a challenge to the world order.

"And that's why it's right that we are alert to that and take steps to protect ourselves… stand up for our values and protect our interests."

He said the government took the "challenge" posed by China seriously, adding that the UK had taken action including blocking Chinese investment in sensitive sectors like semiconductors.

Pressed on whether the ambition to increase defence spending to 2.5% of national income was meaningless without a timeframe, the prime minister said the government should be judged "on our actions".

As chancellor, Mr Sunak said he had overseen the largest uplift in defence spending since the end of the Cold War and the government had increased spending every year since then.

"We're one of the largest spenders on defence anywhere in the world, the largest in Europe, and that will continue to remain the case," he added.

However, Labour pointed out that defence spending had not hit 2.5% of GDP since it left government in 2010. The UK currently aims to spend 2% of GDP on defence each year, latest figures show.

Shadow foreign secretary David Lammy described the ambition as "another hollow promise", with "no plan and no timetable".

Some Tory MPs have also expressed concern about the level of investment in the armed forces.

Tobias Ellwood, who is chairman of the Commons Defence Committee, said the UK was on a "peacetime budget" as the world was "sliding towards a new Cold War".

While Defence Secretary Ben Wallace has publicly welcomed the extra £5bn announced by the prime minister, he had been hoping for considerably more.

There had been reports - denied by Mr Wallace - that he had threatened to resign if he did not get a commitment to increase defence spending to 3% of GDP by 2030.

Mr Wallace told the Commons he was "not interested" in resigning, although he added that he was worried about the increased threats facing the UK and long-term investment was needed.

Hulking floating airports, aircraft carriers, dominate the shoreline on the Pacific Coast of the United States, where there is a gathering of what's known as the Aukus pact: Australia, the United States and the United Kingdom, keeping a collectively nervous eye on an increasingly muscular China.

Privately, the government is stark in its assessments.

Western democracies are comparatively and collectively weaker economically as China grows; Beijing can use every instrument of the state as a tool of foreign policy in a way that's impossible in an open democracy.

All the data make us more concerned, not less, as one senior figure put it. The review of foreign and defence policy, which has just been published, says the UK is committed to "swift and robust action" to counter any threat to UK national interests from China.

Mr Sunak was also asked whether Chinese-owned social media app TikTok should be banned on all government phones.

It comes after the Sunday Times reported experts at GCHQ's National Cyber Security Centre had identified risks to sensitive information from the app and could issue advice to ministers and civil servants.

The prime minister refused to comment directly but said "we take the security of devices seriously and we look also at what our allies are doing".

The US government and the European Commission have already taken steps to ban TikTok on the phones of staff members.

The government has set out its plans for foreign and defence policy in an new version of the so-called Integrated Review.

The update was ordered by then-Prime Minister Liz Truss in September last year to take account of Russia's invasion of Ukraine.

The review identified Russia as "the most pressing national security and foreign policy priority in the short-to-medium term".

But it also describes China under Communist Party rule as an "epoch-defining and systemic challenge... across almost every aspect of national life and government policy".

It says the government will engage "constructively" with Beijing on shared priorities but where the Chinese government's actions threaten the UK's interests "we will take swift and robust action to protect them".

Former Conservative leader Sir Iain Duncan Smith, who is among the Tory MPs calling for the government to take a tougher line on China, said he was "confused" about what the government's position was.

"Does that now mean that China is a threat or an epoch-defining challenge or a challenging government epoch or none of that?" he asked in the Commons.

Mr Lammy said the updated review was "overdue" but welcome.

"The initiative to improve understanding of China in government is vital, particularly given the Foreign Office has only been training 14 people a year to speak fluent Mandarin," he added.

Chris Heaton-Harris spoke to the media after meeting the main Stormont parties

The secretary of state has hit back at accusations that he had set out a "punishment budget".

He was responding to claims from the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) that it was "wrong for people to punish people of Northern Ireland".

The secretary of state said Stormont can repay a £300m budget overspend across two years rather than one.

Repaying the 2022-23 overspend over a longer period will "provide some protection to frontline public services", he said.

But he added departments still faced difficult decisions "in order to live within the funding available".

Stormont officials have been planning for budget cuts of at least £500m in cash terms in this financial year - most Stormont departments will have their budgets cut in cash terms.

"The purpose was not to punish anybody with this budget - it's to make sure services can continue in the absence of devolved government," said Mr Heaton-Harris.

Asked what else he could offer the DUP given that its stance on re-entering Stormont has not changed, he replied: "Let's see where talks lead to."

DUP Leader Jeffrey Donaldson said his party had "real concerns about the lack of allocations within the budget for pay awards".

"There are major challenges here and we are concerned about the way the Northern Ireland Office is handling things," he said.

"This is what the secretary of state described as a flat budget.

"Of course I want to see Stormont back up and running but it needs to be on a stable foundation."

He said going back to Stormont was not a "quick fix".

The Department of Health, the largest department, is receiving an allocation of £7.25bn for day-to-day spending - similar to the amount it got last year.

This "flat cash" funding will likely be viewed as a difficult settlement for the department, given the current high rate of inflation and outstanding pay demands.

Compared with last year's budget figures the amount of money going to Education, Justice and Economy - the biggest spending departments - has been cut slightly in cash terms.

Education will get £2.57bn, down from £2.64bn, Justice will get £1.12bn, down from £1.14bn, while Economy will get £772m, down from £780m.

This budget could have been worse. But make no mistake, it is still likely to mean deteriorating public services for NI citizens.

The blow has been softened a little by allowing last year's £300m overspend to be repaid over two years instead of one.

The repayments will be drawn from any new money sent from Westminster later this year rather than being immediately chopped from departmental funds.

But that will present a significant challenge to the senior civil servants currently running Stormont.

There is an expectation that the UK government will eventually provide extra money to settle public sector pay disputes in England.

That will automatically mean extra funding for Stormont.

But that raises the prospect that the senior officials will then have to tell their workforces that they will not get a pay deal to match England because the overspend comes first.

That is not a recipe for industrial peace.

Read more from John here.

Mr Heaton-Harris said the overspend would be cleared by using any additional in-year funding from the Treasury.

Should this not cover the full amount, the outstanding balance would be paid in 2024-25 by reallocating money from previously announced Northern Ireland funding packages.

It is understood that the possibility of drawing on a funding stream known as financial transactions capital (FTC) is being considered.

This is a conditional form of capital funding which Stormont consistently underspends.

The Treasury would have to agree that FTC could be used in this way.

No new money-raising policies, such as water charges, were advanced by the Northern Ireland secretary.

He repeated that lower levels of revenue generation but higher public-service provision in Northern Ireland compared to the rest of the UK was "unsustainable".

New legislation to allow the UK government to explore options for increasing budget sustainability has also been introduced.

It will work with the Northern Ireland Civil Service to review areas for further revenue raising.

In Belfast on Wednesday people protested against budget cuts

Stormont can expect more money if the UK government allocates new funding to settle public sector pay deals in England.

But if that money must be used to reduce the overspend, it could be very difficult for senior officials to offer similar pay deals to public servants in Northern Ireland unless savings are found in other areas.

Ulster University economist Esmond Birney said the budget presented a tough challenge for the Stormont departments.

He described allowing the overspend to be paid down over two years as being the least worst option, compared to doing it immediately which "would have implied very large spending cuts in this year".

On Wednesday the head of Stormont's civil service, Jayne Brady, warned that the "damage" caused by the proposed budget reductions would be unprecedented.

Writing to Mr Heaton-Harris's office, she outlined her "profound concern" about senior civil servants being placed in "harmful decision-making positions" about which services should be cut.

It was a rare and significant intervention, and one not typically made by senior civil servants.

Retail NI Chief Executive Glyn Roberts said the budget would be "brutal for public services".

He said civil servants would be put in an "incredibly difficult position when deciding on how to apply severe cuts".

He called for a restored executive and a review of how Northern Ireland is financed.

The secretary of state hosted round table talks with parties in Northern Ireland

The Stormont political parties met Mr Heaton-Harris on Thursday afternoon about the budget.

They are not in government due to the Democratic Unionist Party's (DUP) boycott of Stormont, which began in February 2022.

Sinn Féin's former Finance Minister Conor Murphy said the budget would devastate public services.

"The absence of an executive is really reprehensible at this stage when this is the outcome for people we represent," he said.

Ulster Unionist Party leader Doug Beattie said the budget did not contain "any flexibility".

"It's quite grim, if I'm really honest, but it's been put to us and it's difficult to do anything without a government up and running," he said.

Alliance Party assembly member Andrew Muir described the discussions as "grim and truly bleak".

He expressed concern that it would be left to civil servants to take decisions about cuts and said that was "entirely wrong".

Social Democratic and Labour Party assembly member Matthew O'Toole described the meeting with Mr Heaton-Harris as concerning.

He said the budget would mean "a real squeeze on public services" imposed on people in Northern Ireland that they did not deserve, ask or vote for.

Permanent secretaries - top civil servants - have been running Northern Ireland's nine departments since October but their powers are severely limited.

They can only implement policies previously agreed by politicians and their ability to react to changing circumstances is negligible.

Departments have been operating without proper budgets since the start of the financial year in April.

The pub closed on 1 May and Mrs Ryley told a local news website "I've had enough"

Two former pub managers have given a voluntary interview to Essex Police after their collection of golly dolls was seized by the force.

Five officers removed the offensive dolls from the White Hart Inn in Grays, which has since shut down, following a hate crime allegation.

Essex Police was waiting for landlord Chris Ryley to return from abroad and it confirmed he and wife Benice Ryley were spoken to on Thursday.

A police spokesperson said: "Two people, a man and woman, have been interviewed voluntarily as part of our investigation.

The police seized the dolls from behind the bar on 4 April and the Campaign for Real Ale removed the pub from its Good Beer Guide the following week.

Mrs Ryley said at the time she had displayed the collection, donated by her late aunt and customers, for nearly 10 years.

The building was vandalised with white paint and had its windows damaged on 16 April - prompting a separate police investigation.

Mrs Ryley closed the pub on 1 May, citing a boycott by brewing companies and the maintenance firm Innserve.

Heineken and Carlsberg both told the couple to stop serving its lager, with Heineken labelling the collection as an "abhorrent display".

Admiral Taverns, the company that owned the pub building, said it planned to reopen the venue under new management.

The dolls are thought to date back to the minstrel entertainment shows, when typically white actors painted their faces black and depicted negative stereotypes of black people.

It became a fictional character that appeared in books by Florence Kate Upton in the late 19th Century.

Find BBC News: East of England on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. If you have a story suggestion email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Bank of America has been ordered to pay out $150m (£116m) in penalties after it was found to have opened credit cards without customers' permission.

Regulators also discovered the bank "double-dipped" fees from customers and withheld promised reward bonuses.

The violations at the US's second-largest bank affect hundreds of thousands of customers and date back to 2012 in some cases, regulators said.

Bank of America has not admitted or denied the investigation's findings.

The bank has been ordered to refund customers and pay a total of $150m in penalties to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) and Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC).

Customer refunds are expected to be worth more than $80m, the CFPB said.

The regulator said Bank of America illegally applied for and enrolled consumers in credit card accounts without their knowledge or authorisation to help bank employees reach sales incentive goals.

Customers were charged unjustified fees and "suffered negative effects to their credit profiles", said the CFPB.

Bank of America is also accused of double-dipping fees that were charged when a customer had insufficient funds in their account.

People were charged $35 when a transaction was declined. But Bank of America allowed fees to be repeatedly charged for the same transaction.

The lender said it has since ended charging the $35 fee for insufficient funds and reduced overdraft fees.

Bank of America also eliminated sales goals for its credit card staff in January 2023, and agreed to keep that change in place for at least three years.

Rohit Chopra, director at the CFPB, said: "Bank of America wrongfully withheld credit card rewards, double-dipped on fees, and opened accounts without consent.

"These practices are illegal and undermine customer trust. The CFPB will be putting an end to these practices across the banking system."

President Joe Biden has pledged to crack down on "junk fees" imposed by companies across a range of industries, including sales of concert tickets and airline flights.

He has urged Congress to outlaw certain charges, such as fees for quitting a mobile phone or pay TV service before the contract expires.

Under his direction, the CFPB increased its scrutiny of banks and their customer fees in 2022, soliciting complaints from consumers about practices such as overdraft fees.

The White House has said its push has led to more than $5bn in annual savings for the public, after many banks, including Bank of America, voluntarily eliminated or reduced the charges.

Bank of America said the money it made from overdraft and non-sufficient fund fees has dropped more than 90% as a result of changes made in the first half of 2022.

The bank was fined $20m in 2014 and ordered to pay more than $700m to customers for deceptive marketing and illegal charges related to its credit cards. It was also ordered to pay $225m in penalties last year for botching the distribution of unemployment benefits.
• None What are junk fees and how might Biden tackle them?

Senior civil servant Sue Gray, who investigated lockdown gatherings in Downing Street, has been offered a job as Sir Keir Starmer's chief of staff.

A Labour spokesman said Sir Keir was "delighted" that "she hopes to accept the role subject to the normal procedures".

But allies of Boris Johnson reacted with anger to the news.

Former minister Jacob Rees-Mogg said Ms Gray's Partygate conclusions now looked "like a left-wing stitch up".

"So much for an impartial Civil Service, the Gray report now looks like a left-wing stitch up against a Tory prime minister," the former business secretary and Brexit opportunities minister tweeted.

A friend of Mr Johnson said Ms Gray's job offer undermined the validity of her investigation into parties held in Downing Street when Covid-19 restrictions were in force.

"What was supposed to be an investigation by independent civil servants is now revealed to have been carried out by someone who ultimately would go on to work for Keir Starmer," they said.

Ms Gray herself has yet to comment.

A Cabinet Office spokesperson said: "We can confirm that Sue Gray has resigned from the post of Second Permanent Secretary in the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities (DLUHC). This was accepted by the department Permanent Secretary and Cabinet Secretary with immediate effect.

"We will not be commenting further on individual personnel matters. We are reviewing the circumstances under which she resigned."

Under the civil service code, officials of Ms Gray's seniority must wait a minimum of three months before taking up outside employment.

The move will be scrutinised by the anti-corruption watchdog, the Advisory Committee on Business Appointments (Acoba), which will advise the prime minister on whether the move is "unsuitable".

Rishi Sunak will make a final ruling, but does not have the power to block an appointment.

Ms Gray went from an influential but little-known arbiter of conduct in government to a household name.

Her report on the Partygate scandal last year contributed to Mr Johnson's downfall as prime minister, prompting numerous Conservative MPs to call on him to resign.

She criticised "failures of leadership and judgment" in No 10 and said "the senior leadership at the centre, both political and official, must bear responsibility".

Separately, Mr Johnson received one of 126 fines issued by the Metropolitan Police while it investigated gatherings in Downing Street and Whitehall.

Hearings in an inquiry by the Commons Privileges Committee into opposition claims Mr Johnson misled MPs about what he knew about the lockdown gatherings in government buildings are expected to begin in the coming weeks.

Other key allies of Mr Johnson have been quick to comment.

Former Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries tweeted that Ms Gray's reported move to Sir Keir's office was "not surprising".

"Whilst writing report, she used QC who tweeted out pro Labour anti gov [government] tweets whilst Alistair Campbell heaped praise upon her. Her comms [communications] assistant briefed against Johnson from day 1.

"The Gray report was a stitch up of PM and CSs [civil servants]," she said.

Very few civil servants become household names. Sue Gray definitely cleared that bar.

She was selected to investigate Partygate because of her reputation as an unimpeachable government official.

It's important to stress that Ms Gray taking a political job with Labour doesn't mean she was ever biased in her role as a civil servant. Everyone working in government will have personal views, but they're trusted and expected to serve the ministers of the day.

But her proposed career move does provide allies of Boris Johnson with ammunition to question the legitimacy of her Partygate findings (which were very bad for the former prime minister).

Why are Labour making this appointment? The qualities Sue Gray has largely been associated with - professionalism, propriety and public service - are exactly those they want to project.

And it sends a sign about the party's intentions - Keir Starmer wants to work closely with someone who was (until very recently) a senior civil servant, because he intends to make it to 10 Downing Street.

Bassetlaw MP Brendan Clarke-Smith said he was "genuinely shocked", and accused Sir Keir of having "scant regard for the public image of the civil service and the damage this will do".

"After the events of last year, people will quite understandably be questioning the appropriateness of this appointment, including issues of impartiality," he added.

Former civil servant Alex Thomas, who now works for the Institute for Government think tank, said the move would be "difficult for the civil service", giving its "critics a stick".

"Tricky development for those defending impartiality," he added.

Sir Keir Starmer said politicians writing books about Covid and leaking messages was “insulting” and a “ghoulish spectacle”.

He was referencing newspaper claims of leaked messages about former Health Secretary Matt Hancock.

Rishi Sunak paid tribute to health workers, adding the Covid inquiry should do its work rather than him commenting on "piecemeal bits of information".

A spokesman for Mr Hancock has said the messages had been "doctored" to create a false story which is "flat wrong".

Front line staff vacancies account for 75% of those cut

More than 600 vacancies at the Department for Communities (DfC) - including those for front line staff - will not be filled, it has been confirmed.

The decision means there is a risk of slowing down the delivery of benefits for those in need.

The DfC is responsible for benefits, housing, addressing homelessness, arts and culture and sport.

Frontline staff vacancies account for 75% of those cut.

The department said the cuts would be made in order to live within an "inadequate" budget.

Arm's length bodies of the DfC and third-party organisations funded by the department will receive a 5% cut to their budgets.

These include the Arts Council, Libraries NI and the Northern Ireland Housing Executive among others.

Councils will receive a £4m cut to the Rates Support Grant compared to the previous year, which will affect seven of Northern Ireland's 11 councils.

The department has also decided to leave four offices in the greater Belfast area.

None of the offices are public facing, meaning services will not be impacted.

The DfC is the largest department in the Northern Ireland Civil Service with more than 9,000 staff.

In taking these decisions, the department said it would be £10m over budget, understood to be a calculated risk which is expected to be managed throughout the year.

Confirming the funding decisions, DfC permanent secretary Colum Boyle said the department had "sought to mitigate the significant and adverse impact" of the budget, which he described as "sub-optimal".

"Our shared priority remains supporting the most vulnerable and at-risk in our society," he said.

"However, difficult decisions had to be made to live within the funding available."

Funding for homelessness is set to be increased by £2m

The Supporting People programme which helps people live independently in the community has had funding sustained at the same as last year's level.

Discretionary support, which provides emergency financial support for people in crisis situation, will receive £20m funding.

Last year, £40m of discretionary support grants were handed out after significant demand due to the cost of living crisis.

Funding for homelessness is to be increased by £2m (or 8%) compared to last year.

The Affordable Warmth Scheme and Neighbourhood Renewal programmes have also been protected.

In terms of the capital budget, the DfC is facing a £59m (27%) shortfall compared to what was asked for, against a backdrop of record inflation in areas such as construction.

This mean's the budget will not be able to meet the department's target to start 2,000 new social homes this year and is now only expected to achieve 1,470 new starts.

This has, broadly, been a debate focused on policy rather than personality - something summed up when Humza Yousaf said he was "not going to sit here and slag off colleagues in government".

He did clash with Kate Forbes over her approach to business, but that was teed up by the audience more than the candidates themselves.

When given the chance, the trio have not sought to land punches on each other. The cross-examination portion of the debate was notably less fiery than in previous events.

That may be in part because yellow-on-yellow attacks are greeted with glee by opposition parties, but it is also a mark of how the candidates have developed their approach.

Rather than seeking to savage Humza Yousaf in the cross-examination section, this time Kate Forbes asked policy-laden questions which promoted her own strengths on economic issues.

Ash Regan brought up gender reform - again, something she sees as a strength of her own campaign.

Humza Yousaf was actually ticked off by Stephen Jardine for talking about his own policies at length when he was meant to be questioning Kate Forbes.

This may be because of the fear that mud thrown now could still be stuck when future elections roll around.

But it may also be because this race uses a single transferable vote system – and in a tight contest, second-preference votes could turn out to be crucial.

It may be more profitable to make friends than to try to knock out opponents entirely.

President Zelensky followed into a press conference by Poland's President Duda and Lithuania's President Nauseda Image caption: President Zelensky followed into a press conference by Poland's President Duda and Lithuania's President Nauseda

Away from the scene in Kramatorsk, the Polish and Lithuanian presidents are in Kyiv to meet their Ukrainian counterpart, Volodymyr Zelensky. We're starting to receive a few remarks from them via the news agencies now - we'll keep you posted.

It's expected that the leaders are today preparing some of the groundwork ahead of a meeting on 11-12 July in Lithuania of Nato members.

The hopes of Ukraine and Sweden to join the Western military alliance are expected to be a key theme. In April, Zelensky accepted an invitation to attend the summit in the Lithuanian capital, Vilnius. However, he recently told the Wall Street Journal that unless Ukraine is “acknowledged and given a signal in Vilnius" he did not believe there was any "point" in attending.

Sweden had hoped to join by the time of the July summit, but Turkey and Hungary have yet to agree.

It's thought that the deployment to Belarus of troops from the Russian mercenary group Wagner will also be high on Nato's agenda next month.

Distant relatives of US President Joe Biden are looking forward to seeing him back on home soil

"You'd know there's Irish roots in him because he's good craic like."

That's one Irishman's take on US President Joe Biden, and he would know, being related to him.

Back in 2016, the White House called the Irish Family History Centre, asking it to trace Mr Biden's ancestry ahead of an upcoming visit.

After weeks of searching parish records and land registers it compiled a list of his closest living relatives - many of who knew nothing of the connection.

Enter the Blewitts of Ballina, County Mayo, and the Finnegans of Carlingford, County Louth.

Trips to both counties feature on the US presidents whistle-stop itinerary of Ireland and his cousins cannot wait to see him back to cement the connections made during his visit in 2016.

US President Joe Biden is fiercely proud of his Irish heritage

Proud of his Irish heritage, President Biden said he was brought up on stories of the "faith and fortitude" of his relatives that left Ireland.

"I grew up in a household where my grandfather and grandmother Finnegan, all my mother's brothers and my father told us about the courage and commitment it took for our relatives to emigrate from Ireland - in the midst of tragedy - to distant shores where they didn't know what awaited them," he told RTÉ in 2016.

The Blewitt family are linked to president Biden through his great-great-grandfather Patrick.

The family were aware of their connection to the US politician for decades, and met Mr Biden in 2016.

He made a second visit to Mayo at their invitation in 2017.

According to Joe Blewitt, it was during this trip that he told his Irish cousins he would one day return to Ballina "as president".

"Of course I knew it was true.

"He's been in politics all his life - that man was bound to be president so I'm absolutely delighted," Mr Blewitt told BBC News NI.

The Blewitts have visited the White House several times, most recently last month for St Patrick's Day.

"It was a surreal, very special day for us... It's just one of those days when [it] goes too fast," Mr Blewitt said.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Celebrations broke out across Ballina when Biden's presidential victory was declared

He speaks fondly of the president, describing his distant cousin as a down-to-earth, genuine character with a quick wit.

"He loves jokes... You'd know there's Irish roots in him because he's good craic like."

True to his word, Mr Biden is set deliver a speech to the people of Ballina on Friday.

"We're all happy to see him... It's great for the country, it really just tightens the close bond between America and Ireland," Mr Blewitt added.

Mr Biden's public address will take place outside St Muredach's Cathedral which was constructed using bricks sold by Edward Blewitt in 1828 - 27,000 of them earned him £21 and 12 shillings.

It was this money that afforded the family of 10 to eventually set sail to New York on the SS Excelsior in 1851.

Mr Biden's great-great-great grandfather sold bricks used to build St Muredach's Cathedral in Ballina

About 250km (155 miles) to the east of Ballina in County Louth, the president will link up with the Finnegan side of the family tree.

Owen Finnegan emigrated to the US in 1849.

His family followed a year later and settled in Seneca, New York, with their namesake eventually being passed on to the president's own descendants - one of his grand-daughters is named Finnegan Biden.

Fianna Fáil councillor for the area Andrea McKevitt told BBC News NI that "the atmosphere is electric" across the Cooley peninsula as residents prepare to welcome Mr Biden with a sea of stars and stripes.

Ms McKevitt is a distant cousin, related through the president's great-great-grandfather Owen.

Andrea McKevitt said her distant cousin's visit sends a strong message during peace deal anniversary

Andrea McKevitt's family were oblivious to the connection until 2016 when White House officials contacted her uncle to break the news.

"I think at the beginning he thought somebody was joking but then when we had paperwork and started looking into it, it proved to be true indeed," she said.

Ms McKevitt was also in attendance at this year's St Patrick's Day celebration at the White House, something she described as a "pinch-me moment".

"It was a family event," she joked.

"It wasn't until it was over I thought: 'Oh my God, I can't believe that's just happened'

"You're living in a dream nearly for the whole day waiting to go in and when you finally got there it was just amazing."

An advertisement for passage to new York appears on the front page of the Newry Commercial Telegraph newspaper on 10 April 1849

And through the Finnegans there's a Kearney connection with President Biden's fifth cousin once removed getting an invitation to the White House last month.

Former Ireland international rugby player Rob Kearney was singled out of the crowd, just a day before Ireland beat England to win the Six Nation's Grand Slam, with the president nailing his colours to the mast.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Irish Rugby This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

It's expected Mr Biden's engagements in Louth will be on a smaller scale than those on the opposite side of the country in Mayo, but Ms McKevitt insists there is no rivalry between the two counties.

"We're happy to let Mayo run with the big public address. Here in Dundalk we had President Clinton address us in 1998, so we can't get all the limelight," she said.

With the president's visit timed to coincide with the 25th anniversary of the Good Friday Agreement, Ms McKevitt said it sends a "really strong, important message" to the people of Ireland.

"There was a deal made 25 years ago. It's time for us to keep moving and getting on to the next stage of the peace process," she said.

"Hopefully his hand of wisdom and hand of friendship can ensure that more work continues to be done so peace remains on this island."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: I'm resigning, this is a distraction for the BBC - BBC chairman

BBC chairman Richard Sharp has resigned after breaking rules over dealings with Boris Johnson ahead of his appointment.

A report found Mr Sharp created the appearance of a conflict of interest by not fully disclosing his knowledge of the ex-PM's personal finances.

His position was scrutinised after it emerged he tried to secure a high-level government meeting for a businessman offering Mr Johnson financial help.

Mr Sharp defended his conduct but said he did not want to be a distraction.

A critical report led by barrister Adam Heppinstall was published on Friday, after months of speculation about Mr Sharp's position and a row about BBC independence.

The probe was set up after reports in the Sunday Times revealed Mr Sharp, a close associate of Mr Johnson, had played some role in the PM's personal finances at the same time as he was seeking to secure the senior BBC job.

In late 2020, Mr Sharp sought to arrange a meeting between Cabinet Secretary Simon Case and Sam Blyth, a distant cousin of Mr Johnson who had offered to support the PM financially, after reading press claims he was struggling to make ends meet.

The ex-investment banker and Conservative Party donor had already applied for the senior BBC job when he approached Mr Case and was appointed a few months later.

The report found he had failed to disclose two potential perceived conflicts of interest: first, by telling Mr Johnson he wanted to apply for the BBC role before doing so; and second, by telling the PM he intended to set up a meeting between Mr Case, the country's most senior civil servant, and Mr Blyth.

It notes that Mr Sharp does not accept the first conclusion, but he has apologised for the second, though described it as "inadvertent and not material".

The report found "there is a risk of a perception that Mr Sharp was recommended for appointment" because he sought to assist the PM in a private financial matter "and/or that he influenced the former prime minister to recommend him by informing him of his application before he submitted it".

It described his involvement in Mr Johnson's private financial affairs as "very limited" but concluded that it should have been declared anyway - even though the meeting between Mr Case and Mr Blyth did not subsequently take place.

The report did not make a judgement "on whether Mr Sharp had any intention of seeking to influence the former Prime Minister in this manner".

Mr Sharp has previously insisted he believed flagging his BBC application with Mr Case and agreeing to have no further involvement in any loan discussions resolved any conflict of interest issues, and therefore they did not need to be further disclosed - but the report disagreed with his position.

He said he did not play "any part whatsoever in the facilitation, arrangement, or financing of a loan for the former prime minister" but that he was quitting in order to "prioritise the interests of the BBC".

Mr Sharp conceded that with hindsight he should have disclosed his role in setting up a meeting between Mr Case and Mr Blyth to the appointments panel during the scrutiny process ahead of him taking up the senior role, and he apologised for the "oversight".

The details of who said what to who and when are complicated but there is a simple issue, did Richard Sharp tell the full truth when he applied for the job?

He says today's independent report makes clear that he didn't and he was in breach of the rules.

That breach he says was "inadvertent" and an "error" he regrets - but it matters.

He is the head of the BBC and its reputation is based on trust. The job description for the BBC Chairman says it is essential that they "observe high standards of openness and seek to maximise transparency and accountability".

MPs on the Commons Media Select Committee have already criticised Richard Sharp for a lack of openness and transparency for not revealing his role in a loan guarantee to Boris Johnson. These were, they said, "serious errors of judgment".

Their report added: "Mr Sharp has accepted that his failure to disclose this involvement has caused embarrassment to him and the BBC and has potentially been misconstrued, both of which are tests on conflicts that the public appointments process specifically requires candidates to consider."

It's probably worth quoting here the exact words from the Cabinet Office's Governance Code: "If you have any interests that might be relevant to the work of the BBC, and which could lead to a real or perceived conflict of interest if you were to be appointed, please provide details in your application."

The weeks of headlines and the critical conclusions of two reports into his actions have certainly been, in his words, "a distraction from the Corporation's good work".

The report also called for an overhaul of the rules around public appointments, and criticised the leaking of ministers' preferred candidates for senior jobs to the media - pointing out there were reports about Mr Sharp being tipped for the BBC role in newspapers before the process was completed.

Mr Sharp's position came under further scrutiny in March following Gary Lineker's suspension over a tweet criticising government asylum policy, a decision which triggered a wider row about BBC impartiality.

Critics of the BBC's handling of the issue contrasted Lineker's suspension with how allegations against Mr Sharp were dealt with, pointing out the chairman was able to remain in post despite ongoing investigations.

Lineker tweeted on Friday the BBC chair should "not be selected by the government of the day... not now, not ever".

The BBC chair can only be appointed or sacked by the government. The BBC director general, the executive who has ultimate editorial control over the corporation, does not have the power to remove them.

Responding to the resignation, the BBC's former controller of editorial policy, Richard Ayre, said the matter came down to "the integrity and transparency" of Mr Sharp's application and that he "had to go".

He continued: "Meaningfully or not he had done a favour [for Mr Johnson]. He didn't declare that to the assessment panel."

Tim Davie, director-general of the BBC, said Mr Sharp had made a "significant contribution to the transformation and success of the BBC".

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said he has not seen the report into Mr Sharp and did not guarantee a non-political figure would replace him.

Speaking to reporters in Glasgow, Mr Sunak said: "There's an appointments process that happens for those appointments. I'm not going to prejudge that."

Labour's shadow culture secretary Lucy Powell said: "The prime minister should have sacked him weeks ago. Instead it took this investigation, called by Labour, to make him resign."

Mr Sharp will remain in post until a successor is appointed in June.

Staff sickness in the NHS in England has reached record levels.

Figures for 2022 show an absence rate - the proportion of days lost - of 5.6%, meaning the NHS lost the equivalent of nearly 75,000 staff to illness.

This is higher than during the peak pandemic years of 2020 and 2021 - and a 29% rise on the 2019 rate.

Mental health problems were the most common cause, responsible for nearly a quarter of absences, the Nuffield Trust analysis of official NHS data shows.

Big rises were also seen in cold, coughs, infections and respiratory problems, likely to be linked to the continued circulation of Covid as well as the return of flu last year.

There were three categories covering these types of illnesses. If combined, they would be responsible for more sickness than mental health.

The think tank warned the NHS was stuck in a "seemingly unsustainable cycle" of increased work and burnout, which was contributing to staff leaving.

The analysis, exclusively for BBC News, comes ahead of the publication of the government and NHS England's long-awaited workforce plan.

Nuffield Trust senior fellow Dr Billy Palmer said: "The health service is grappling with a difficult new normal when it comes to staff sickness leave.

"There has been a lot of focus on recruitment but we need more endeavour to improve the working conditions of existing staff and protect them from illness.

"The workforce plan needs to have concrete support to enable employers to improve NHS staff experience if the service is to break this cycle of staff absences, sickness and leaving rates."

The NHS sickness rate, the highest since records began, in 2010, is above the public sector average of 3.6%.

The Nuffield Trust warned it was likely to be an undercount of the true figure as not every absence would have been recorded.

And while recording systems differed in Wales and Scotland, it was clear those nations were also seeing increased levels of sickness in the NHS.

Miriam Deakin, of NHS Providers, which represents health managers, said the findings "laid bare the psychological strain on staff".

She said the absences came on top of 110,000 vacancies in the health service and warned the situation was having a "knock-on effect on patient care".

Unison head of health Sara Gorton said the rise in illness was due to the "unrelenting pressure" on the NHS.

"Until the NHS has sufficient employees to care for and treat all the people needing its help, absence levels will keep going through the roof. If there's to be a healthy NHS, it first needs a healthy workforce."

A Department of Health and Social Care spokeswoman said high rates of Covid at the start of 2022 would have had an influence on the figures.

"For those staff that need it the NHS provides physical and mental health support - including targeted psychological support and treatment," she added.

Do you work for the NHS? Have you needed to take time off sick? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

A new business lobby council has been formed, boasting some of the UK's largest companies as its founding partners.

The Business Council has been launched by the British Chambers of Commerce (BCC) in a bid to "design and drive the future of the British economy".

Heathrow, BP, IHG Hotels & Resorts and Drax are among its new members.

It comes as the troubled CBI faces a crunch vote on its future after it was mired in serious sexual allegations.

The CBI has been canvassing opinion from its existing membership on a series of reforms, the result of which will be revealed at a key meeting on Tuesday.

It has received the public backing of 13 companies - including manufacturing giant Siemens and the world's largest computer software firm Microsoft ahead of the vote.

But the new group will be hoping to pick up the support of businesses which cut ties with the CBI - including household names such as John Lewis and BMW.

The BCC works to support and connect tens of thousands of companies in the UK and internationally and is known for putting out a quarterly economic survey.

BCC director general Shevaun Haviland and president Baroness Martha Lane Fox will join business leaders in London on Monday to discuss the work of its new council to represent the interests of UK firms.

"Over the past few months we have been talking to the nation's largest corporates and it has become clear to us they are looking for a different kind of representation," Ms Haviland said.

"These businesses want to be part of a framework that's rooted in their local communities, but with the ability to shape the national and international debate," she added.

Ms Haviland said the Business Council would focus on an initiative directed at the future of the economy targeting:

The new group will not know until Tuesday how much support its competitor will continue to receive but the CBI's new director general Rain Newton-Smith has described the vote as "critical" to its future.

The BBC's business editor Simon Jack said the timing of the announcement from the BCC was hard to ignore, saying the launch represented a "tussle for the trust of business and the ear of government".

A CBI source said "the timing of this is very opportunistic. Business succeeds through a collaborative approach and we find that more effective".

Over the weekend the Sunday Times newspaper reported that the CBI's last director general Tony Danker was planning to sue his former employer, after he was forced out over the sexual misconduct allegations.

Molly, who has autism, spent several months in a children's ward

A safety investigation has warned that young people with complex mental health needs are being put at significant risk, by being placed on general children's wards in England.

The findings come from the Healthcare Safety Investigation Branch (HSIB).

BBC News recently highlighted the plight of a 16-year-old autistic girl, who spent several months in a children's ward.

Other families have since contacted the BBC describing similar situations.

The majority had faced similar difficulties getting appropriate support.Mental health patients 'at risk' in child wards

The HSIB - which is a government-funded body - says that paediatric wards are designed to care for patients who only have physical health needs and not for those with mental health needs.

It describes the situation in 18 hospitals it visited as "challenging", and 13 were described as "not safe" for children who were suicidal or at risk of harming themselves to be on their paediatric wards.

Hospitals say they are seeing an increasing number of children with a combination of autism, learning disabilities and complex social and mental health needs.

NHS England says it has an ongoing transformation programme to improve mental health services for children and young people, including adapting hospital environments for those with "sensory needs".

The HSIB started the investigation after a young patient on a paediatric ward tried to harm themselves and staff.

The child was waiting for a mental health assessment. They managed to abscond from the ward and on two occasions took a drugs overdose.

Two weeks ago, the BBC told the story of 16-year-old Molly who has autism, high levels of anxiety and eating problems.

She spent nearly seven months in a side room on a children's ward at the Queen Alexandra Hospital in Portsmouth, because of a shortage of places that could provide her with the support and therapy she needed.

Her family says she found the noisy environment traumatic. Despite having agency mental health nurses watching her 24 hours a day, she ran Mental health patients 'at risk' in child wardsaway from the hospital once and was able to seriously harm herself on a number of occasions. She was also restrained numerous times.

In April, her behaviour became so distressed that the children's ward closed to other patients for 10 days. She was then moved to a mental health unit, where she is doing better.

Her local health and care system said it was "very sorry" it had not been able to support her in a more suitable environment, when "she was most vulnerable".

Molly's story prompted other families to get in touch with the BBC.

Julie's child, who has autism, spent a year in a side room of a children's hospital at the age of 15. The teenager, who does not want their name used, also has eating problems.

Julie says that her child was made to feel at fault, even though "they hadn't asked to be there". She says: "They'd been put there waiting for something that wasn't coming, and how can you... make a vulnerable child feel that they're just a difficulty and a brat."

Julie's child who has autism spent a year in the side room of a children's ward

Jo-Ann's 15-year-old daughter is being assessed for autism and mental health difficulties. She is currently in the burns unit at a children's hospital. She has no physical problems for them to treat, but was moved there from the paediatric ward of another hospital. She was admitted after trying to harm herself nearly three months ago.

"She is classed as too vulnerable to go onto a mental health unit," Jo-Ann said. "She has fallen into no man's land."

She said the NHS and council-run children's services are trying to put together the support her daughter needs at home.

One parent also got in touch describing how terrifying it was for children who were physically very poorly, when there was someone being restrained or who was disruptive on the ward.

It is a mark of HSIB's significant concern about the situation that it decided to publish this interim report, before it has finished its full investigation.

The report said paediatric wards contained many self-harm risks, including ligature points, and that they were busy, noisy places which were unsuitable for children experiencing a mental health crisis, or with sensory needs, for instance, because they have autism.

It found that therapeutic help was limited or non-existent and children deteriorated as a result.

Molly's hospital room - her autism meant she found the noise of the ward traumatic

HSIB said on one paediatric ward there were more than 70 security incidents over three months relating to children with high-risk behaviours. Most involved the young person being physically restrained.

"In just over half of the security incidents reported, the child or young person had been sedated, sometimes requiring multiple attempts (up to seven) for the sedation to become effective," it said.

The report said on occasions nearly all the paediatric nursing teams on different wards could be involved in trying to support patients whose behaviour was high risk.

Staff told the investigators they were concerned about the "negative psychological impact" it was having on other patients and their families.

HSIB said it saw "vulnerable and unwell children and babies next to or near a young person who was trying to harm themselves and/or whose behaviour could be violent and aggressive".

The report says there were many incidents where staff were assaulted, and some hospitals, which were struggling to recruit and retain staff, described their workforce as "collapsing".

An NHS England spokesperson said: "The NHS will be reviewing the concerns raised by HSIB and will consider them as part of ongoing work to improve care for the record number of children and young people with mental health needs that the NHS is treating.

"In some circumstances it can be appropriate for young people to receive mental health care in acute settings, such as for treatment of physical health needs, and to support staff in doing this safely there is a clear framework to follow and an online training platform, while several areas are piloting services that better integrate mental and physical health care."

Have you been affected by the issues raised in this story? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Pavel Kuzin was killed in Bakhmut amid brutal fighting around the eastern Ukrainian city

Staff sergeant Pavel Kuzin took his position at the machine gun - the only soldier still able to fight. Everyone else in his troop lay dead or injured.

Suffering from shell-shock and with one arm bandaged, the 37-year-old fired at the waves of Russian soldiers trying to storm his position. They didn't even try to take cover, but simply walked towards him across the open field.

It was clear Pavel wouldn't be able to hold the position for long, but he needed to buy time for a rescue team to arrive. His final action in life was to ensure his wounded comrades got to safety.

The Ukrainian military says Bakhmut is now the scene of many "unprecedentedly bloody" battles like this, where they now have to repel up to 50 attacks on their positions every day. Russia has concentrated massive forces in this area, and their brutal strategy of launching human wave attacks helps them to advance slowly - but at a very high cost.

Pavel was in charge of a forward observation group that consisted of six Ukrainian soldiers. On 17 February, shortly after the start of their watch, they came under heavy fire. A tank began hammering their position.

Unlike relentless mortar rounds, the tank's aiming was chillingly accurate. Shells were landing a few metres from their trenches. Two soldiers were wounded and Pavel told them to go into a dugout. A combat medic went down to tend to their injuries and prepare them for an evacuation. Moments later, the wooden shelter was directly hit by a shell.

"There was a bright flash," one of the wounded soldiers with a callsign Tsygan told the BBC. "I was thrown onto the logs with such force that it nearly crushed me. I couldn't understand whether I was dead or alive. Someone was shouting, it seemed the sound was coming from 100m away."

I couldn't understand whether I was dead or alive

It was Pavel's voice who was checking on them. The other soldier was half-buried under dirt and logs. He was dead.

Tsygan could barely move and Pavel had to drag him up over the splintered logs that blocked the way. It was painfully slow to move Tsygan just a few metres away into a nearby trench. When the shelling paused briefly, Pavel went back trying to find others.

Two minesweepers arrived to clear the logs and find the bodies. But yet another shell hit the dug out, killing one of the men and injuring the other. The tank kept firing.

At that moment, Russian troops started storming their position. Pavel called for a support group to evacuate the wounded and rushed back to his Browning machine gun to stop the Russian infantry.

The 206th Battalion in which Pavel served had fought in the southern Kherson and north-eastern Kharkiv regions. But the battles over Bakhmut were very different from what they had seen before.

"The intensity of fighting to break through our positions was shocking," says Mykola Hlabets, platoon commander. "Sometimes, [Russian soldiers] would get as close as 20 metres from us, crawling and moving under a treeline or across an open field. This is where we had our first gunfights at such proximity."

"They would just stand and walk towards our positions without any cover. We wiped out one group after another, but they kept coming."

Hlabets described them as a suicide squad. Others call them cannon fodder.

Ukrainians are trying to fight off Russia's human wave attacks - similar to tactics used during World War One

A number of videos have been shared on telegram channels recently where newly mobilized Russian soldiers appealed to President Vladimir Putin and the authorities to stop what they called "illegal orders" to send them "to be slaughtered".

Last month mobilised soldiers from Belgorod posted a video saying that they were sent for an assault mission without proper training. After suffering heavy losses, they said they refused to carry out their orders.

Often these poorly trained soldiers are reportedly forced to keep pushing forward. The assault group Storm of the 5th Brigade of the Russian army said in a video appeal that they couldn't leave their position because of zagryad otryad, or blocking troops - detachments that open fire at their own men who try to retreat.

These wave attacks are similar to World War One tactics, when troops charged the enemy and engaged in close combat. And despite their lack of training and experience, sending newly recruited soldiers to such assaults are bringing some results for Russia, albeit at a very high cost.

Ukrainians expose their positions when they open fire to stop those attacks. That allows Russian artillery to identify the target and destroy it, as happened with Pavel's post.

Also, soldiers at forward positions run out of ammunition while trying to repel numerous wave attacks. They then become an easy target.

That was the risk Pavel knew he faced as he rushed to his Browning machine gun. But as long as he kept firing, his wounded brothers-in-arms had a chance to be rescued.

Tsygan was bleeding in the trench where Pavel had left him. Shrapnel had smashed his pelvis. Another piece had gone through his thigh, and a third had hit his abdomen, "turning the internal organs upside down", he said. He was barely conscious.

"I didn't see much, it was all white," he said. "I lay on the snowy ground for two hours and I didn't feel cold or anything."

Next to him was another wounded soldier. The rescue team on an armoured personnel carrier hastily picked them up as shelling resumed. They didn't even have time to close the hatch, Tsygan says.

By that time, Pavel's machine gun had fallen silent. He died from a head wound: a piece of shrapnel had pierced his helmet.

Commanders of the 206th battalion decided to send a group to retrieve the bodies of Pavel and the other soldiers.

The next day in the evening, three groups of two soldiers each set off to bring the bodies back.

"The plan looked good on paper, but things quickly went wrong," junior sergeant Vasyl Palamarchuk, who was in the lead group, remembers. They got lost and nearly ran into Russian positions in the dark. When they got close to the dugout, Russians spotted them and opened fire from a tank.

Pavel Kuzin died holding off Russian attackers so his wounded fellow soldiers could be evacuated

Russian tanks and artillery had continuously shelled that post in those days, but the Ukrainian big guns had largely stayed quiet. The reason was a massive shortage of shells.

"Once we counted that the Russians had fired up to 60 shells a day, whereas we could allow only two," Palamarchuk explains. "They destroyed trees and everything else and you had no place to hide."

Ukraine is struggling to find ammunition for its Soviet-era artillery. Getting shells for weapons donated by Ukraine's western partners has its own limits. As the secretary general of the Nato military alliance, Jens Stoltenberg, said recently: "The current rate of Ukraine's ammunition expenditure is many times higher than our current rate of production."

Palamarchuk's group eventually picked up Pavel's body just a few hours before Russian troops seized the area. Heavy snow turned into a freezing rain. After numerous breaks on the way back, crawling through craters left by shells, they finally arrived. The whole operation over just a kilometre's distance lasted for six hours.

It was past midnight but the entire battalion gathered at the evacuation point to pay their respects to Pavel, who is survived by his daughter and wife.

"It was a huge loss for our unit," Palamarchuk says. "He saved two people but died himself."

More than a quarter of patients on antidepressants in England - about two million people - have been taking them for five years, the BBC has found.

This is despite there being limited evidence of the benefits of taking the drugs for that length of time.

A doctor who runs an NHS clinic helping people off the pills says withdrawal symptoms can make it hard for some to stop taking their medication.

Withdrawal guidance was updated in 2019, but he says little has changed.

More than eight million people in England are on antidepressants - which are prescribed for depression, anxiety and obsessive compulsive disorder and other conditions. That's one million more people than five years previously, NHS prescribing figures show.

The new figures on long-term use - for the period 2018-2022 - were provided to BBC Panorama by the NHS, following a Freedom of Information request. The data gives an overall picture but does not reflect the circumstances of individual patients, some of whom could be on antidepressants long-term for good reason.

The investigation also uncovered evidence that a leading drug company attempted 27 years ago to conceal possible withdrawal effects that one drug could cause.

Modern antidepressants - called SSRIs (Selective Serotonin Re-Uptake Inhibitors) - arrived from the late 1980s, including Prozac. They were quickly heralded as wonder drugs compared with earlier medications, some of which had serious side effects.

They were thought to treat depression by fixing an imbalance of the mood-regulating chemical serotonin in the brain. Researchers are now not clear how they work. One theory is that they simply change how you think or feel, rather than rectifying an underlying problem.

The NHS recommends antidepressants as a treatment for more severe depression. Talking therapy as well as exercise and lifestyle changes might be recommended instead of, or in combination with, the medication.

"Throughout my long and extensive career, I have seen people benefit from antidepressants," said Prof Wendy Burn, former president of the Royal College of Psychiatrists.

"I see them working in my clinical practice, I see lives being changed by them."

But she added: "People are staying on antidepressants longer, and we don't really have long-term studies that support that."

There has long been a debate about how effective antidepressants are. The most comprehensive research, from the University of Oxford, suggests antidepressants do help some people, at least in the short-term.

But on average, their benefits are relatively modest, and the way people respond varies, with some not responding at all, according to the researcher who led the study.

And there is some evidence to suggest that long-term antidepressant use may be linked to some health risks, such as heart problems and diabetes. It is also thought that long-term use may lead to a higher risk of withdrawal symptoms in some people.

Withdrawal can happen when you stop a drug that your body has become used to.

Taking that drug away too quickly, before the brain has had time to adjust, can lead to symptoms - including low mood and feelings of anxiety. Some symptoms overlap with the original condition the drug was prescribed for, which means the withdrawal can sometimes be confused with relapse.

The symptoms depend on the individual, which drug they were taking, and for how long. Many patients can stop taking antidepressants without experiencing any problems.

If you are affected by any of the issues in this article you can find details of organisations that can help via the BBC Action Line

Panorama has uncovered evidence to suggest that one major drug company which manufactured SSRI antidepressants had become increasingly aware of a whole range of withdrawal symptoms from the mid-1990s, but was reluctant to share this information with the public and medicines regulators.

A copy of a confidential 1996 memo from firm Pfizer - which originally sold sertraline, now the UK's most common antidepressant - shows employees discussing what the drug company would tell regulators in Norway.

"We should not volunteer to describe the withdrawal symptoms, but have an agreed list prepared in case they insist," the memo says.

Some of the withdrawal reactions the memo refers to include sensory disturbances, sweating, nausea, insomnia, tremors, agitation and anxiety.

Pfizer no longer produces sertraline. Responding to Panorama's findings, a spokesperson said the company "monitored and reported all adverse event data" to licensing authorities, "in line with its legal and regulatory obligations and updated sertraline labelling as required."

It added: "Public health organisations and professional medical bodies throughout the world have recognised sertraline and other SSRIs as the treatment of choice for adult depression." The company said the drug's label warned about withdrawal and had been updated "as required".

The Royal College of Psychiatrists published updated information on withdrawal in 2019 - overseen by Prof Burn, who was its president at the time. It came after she heard testimony from patients who had experienced severe withdrawal effects.

Until then, guidance used by the NHS and the college maintained withdrawal was mostly mild and short-lived - lasting no more than about a week.

Now NHS guidance reflects that it can be severe and longer-lasting for some, and withdrawal can last many months.

A Royal College of Psychiatrists spokesperson told the BBC: "Medicine continuously evolves, as does our knowledge of treating mental illness. As a result, the college updates its guidance when new evidence comes to light."

A lack of awareness about withdrawal difficulties has meant that even medical professionals who prescribe the drugs have struggled to stop taking antidepressants themselves.

Dr Mark Horowitz, who tried to stop the antidepressants he had taken for 15 years in 2015, said: "It led to complete havoc in my life," he says. "I would wake up in the morning in full panic, like I was being chased by an animal."

The panic he felt would last until late into the evenings and he took up running as a distraction.

"I ran until my feet bled, because it gave me a slight reprieve from that panic sensation."

He said it was worse than the symptoms that led him to take antidepressants in the first place.

Panorama examines whether the current generation of antidepressant drugs have lived up to their promises, following patients who have suffered serious side effects.

Watch The Antidepressant Story on BBC One at 20:00 on Monday 19 June (20:30 in Wales and Northern Ireland) and on BBC iPlayer afterwards (UK only)

He is concerned that far more work has been done on how to start patients on antidepressants - and much less on stopping.

"To me, it's the same as allowing cars to be sold without brakes," he said.

"We should know how to start the car and how to stop it."

Now Dr Horowitz runs England's only NHS antidepressant deprescribing clinic - a pilot scheme set up in London in 2021 to help people struggling to stop taking their medication.

At the moment he is seeing about 25 patients.

Despite withdrawal guidance having been updated, Dr Horowitz thinks patients are still struggling to get tailored advice. Guidance for doctors now recommends that people reduce the dose of their medication in stages, but it does not specify how long it should take. It's different for everyone.

Dr Horowitz is still trying to reduce his antidepressant dose - and hopes to stop altogether this year

The Royal College of GPs told Panorama that family doctors were "highly-trained to have frank and sensitive conversations" with patients about the risks and benefits of antidepressants.

"Amid intense workload and workforce pressures," it said it was, "increasingly difficult to offer patients the time they need within the constraints of a standard 10-minute consultation."

The companies behind the most widely used antidepressants told Panorama that many clinical trials and studies, including ones conducted by independent researchers, had shown their drugs to be effective.

They said the drugs had been taken by many millions worldwide for potentially devastating and sometimes life-threatening conditions.

As with all medicines, they said, antidepressants have potential side effects which are clearly stated in the prescribing information. They added that their drugs are considered to be safe, with a positive benefit-risk ratio by doctors, patients and regulators around the world.
• None Antidepressants exit must be slow - says watchdog

The Irish delegation raised concerns at a meeting of the British Irish Intergovernmental Conference

The British and Irish governments have clashed over the UK's controversial bill dealing with the legacy of the Troubles in Northern Ireland.

It happened during a meeting of the British Irish Intergovernmental Conference in London (BIIGC) on Monday.

It is understood Irish delegation raised concerns over the impact on investigations into loyalists attacks in the Republic of Ireland.

The BIIGC was set up by the Good Friday Agreement and meets twice a year.

The UK government's legislation on dealing with the legacy of the Troubles in Northern Ireland offers a conditional amnesty to those accused of killings and other Troubles-related crimes.

It has been criticised by victims' groups, the Irish government and political parties at Stormont.

Micheál Martin said both governments need to work together on the issue of legacy

On Monday, it is understood the UK government was challenged on how its plan to end all police investigations as part of its legacy bill will affect ongoing Garda (Irish police) investigations into loyalist attacks.

Irish government representatives highlighted both the Dublin and Monaghan bombings in 1974 when 33 people were killed and also the loyalist bomb attacks in Belturbet, County Cavan, in 1972 when two teenagers were fatally injured.

Last year Gardaí released two photofit images of a suspect in the Belturbet attacks as part of its cross-border investigation.

Speaking at a press conference, Tánaiste (Irish deputy prime minister) Micheál Martin said both governments needed to work together on the issue of legacy.

He said he had an issue with people being granted immunity.

"We have fundamental concerns about the legislation currently before parliament," Mr Martin told the BIIGC press conference.

"We don't believe it is compliant with the European Convention on Human Rights," he added.

Chris Heaton-Harris said there was a "complete agreement" on the need for a restored executive

Meanwhile, the Stormont stalemate was top of the agenda at the meeting for Northern Ireland secretary Chris Heaton-Harris.

He said both governments were in "complete agreement" on the need for the restoration of the Northern Ireland executive.

Mr Heaton-Harris said the local election results highlighted that the people of Northern Ireland wanted restoration as well.

Sinn Féin emerged as the biggest party in both local government and the Stormont assembly following recent elections.

Last week, DUP leader Jeffrey Donaldson said the UK government was well aware of his party's concerns on the protocol which needed to be addressed before a return to Stormont.

Sinn Féin vice-president Michelle O'Neill called on the DUP to clarify what it has asked the government for in relation to the working of the NI Protocol.

Ms O'Neill said it was "unacceptable" that the DUP seemed to be holding private discussions with the government.

Asked about Monday night's Commons debate on the privileges committee report that found former PM Boris Johnson misled parliament, Ms O'Neill said she would not comment on how MPs should vote but said "Boris Johnson has been a disaster from start to finish".

MPs later voted by a margin of 354 to seven to approve the report.

The BIIGC is one of the few such bodies unaffected by the Democratic Unionist Party's (DUP) boycott of Stormont.

Mr Heaton-Harris's number two, Steve Baker, and Irish Justice Minister Helen McEntee were also at the meeting.

The meeting was held as talks continued between the UK government and the DUP.

It is understood the party is looking for changes to the legislation governing the Northern Ireland Protocol as well as further constitutional guarantees.

Last week Mr Heaton-Harris caused raised eyebrows when he said he did not know what the DUP was asking for - a view contradicted by the party leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson.

On Friday, at a meeting of the British Irish Council in Jersey, Levelling Up Secretary Michael Gove said he was sure Mr Heaton-Harris would "listen respectfully" to the DUP's position.

Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Leo Varadkar said his government could only play a supporting role.

Ed Sheeran had his account hacked and music sold online by Adrian Kwiatkowski

A hacker who stole two unreleased songs from Ed Sheeran and sold them on the dark web has to pay more than £100,000.

Adrian Kwiatkowski, 23, from Ipswich, traded the music by Sheeran and 12 songs by rapper Lil Uzi Vert in exchange for cryptocurrency.

Last year, he admitted 19 charges, including copyright infringement and possessing criminal property, and was jailed for 18 months.

About half of the money he has to pay is currently held in Bitcoin.

Kwiatkowski managed to get hold of them after hacking the performers' digital accounts, the Crown Prosecution Service said.

He had made £131,000 from the music, City of London Police said.

In his police interview, Kwiatkowski admitted he had hacked the musicians' cloud-based accounts and sold the songs online.

Adrian Kwiatkowski was jailed for 18 months last year for hacking the musicians' accounts

During his trial, Ipswich Crown Court heard that when the defendant's Apple Mac laptop was searched, 565 audio files, including the songs by Sheeran and Vert, were uncovered.

The same court has now granted a confiscation order against the hacker, giving him three months to pay £101,053, after proceedings brought by the Police Intellectual Crime Unit (PIPCU) at City of London Police.

The amount is made up of £51,975 held in a bank account owned by Kwiatkowski and 2.64 BTC (Bitcoin), worth £49,528, which makes it the first confiscation order of cryptocurrency secured by PIPCU.

If the payment is failed to be made within three months, he will face a further 18 months imprisonment.

Det Con Daryl Fryatt from PIPCU said: "Kwiatkowski executed a complex scheme to sell creative content that he did not own.

"Our work doesn't just stop at conviction, and this result means that Kwiatkowski will not be able to benefit any further from the money he earned through criminal activity."

Find BBC News: East of England on Facebook and Instagram. If you have a story suggestion email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or get in touch via WhatsApp on 0800 169 1830

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

"Sadly, unlicensed breeders often prioritise profit over animal welfare," said Caerphilly councillor Philippa Leonard

Illegal breeders have been convicted of keeping dozens of dogs in "appalling" conditions in a family home.

Julie Pearce, 57, and her daughters Rosalie Pearce, 33, and Kaylie Adams, 24, received suspended sentences after admitting unlicensed dog breeding.

The two daughters were also sentenced for failing to protect 54 dogs from pain, suffering, injury and disease.

The women, of Glyn Terrace, Bargoed, Caerphilly county, are now disqualified from owning animals for 10 years.

Cardiff Crown Court heard the women had been breeding and selling puppies from their home since 2019.

Caerphilly council and RSPCA inspectors found the animals were kept in a "filthy environment", contaminated with faeces and urine, at the family's home.

Most dogs had to be shaved as their coats were so matted with faeces and urine

Evidence showed between March 2020 and March 2022 a total of 27 litters of puppies were born and up to 28 breeding bitches were kept on the premises.

The council said a conservative estimate for the profit made from selling the dogs was calculated to be in excess of £150,000

Dozens of dogs were found in "appalling" conditions surrounded by faeces and urine

Sara Rosser of dog charity Hope Rescue, which took the dogs in after the council's investigation, said it was "shocking to see so many dogs living in such awful conditions".

"The majority needed to be completely clipped off by our staff at the centre because their coats were so matted in faeces and urine and many were covered in fleas," she said.

Bunny, pictured with Hope Rescue's Sara Rosser, was one of the dogs rescued

"We are pleased to say that all of the dogs have now gone on to find wonderful homes where they have become much loved family members and able to live the lives they deserve," added Ms Rosser.

Caerphilly councillor Philippa Leonard said: "Sadly, unlicensed breeders often prioritise profit over animal welfare.

"Unlicensed dog breeding is a serious matter and it is hoped that the outcome of this case will serve as a strong deterrent to those who operate in this manner."

The three women have been banned from owning, keeping or transporting all animals for 10 years

Julie Pearce received a year's suspended sentence and was ordered to complete 8 days of rehabilitation activity.

Kaylie Adams and Rosalie Pearce both received a 66-week suspended sentences and were ordered to complete 100 hours each of unpaid work.

Kaylie Adams was also ordered to complete eight days of rehabilitation activity.

The policy is aimed at cutting the number of flats in the city that are used as short-term holiday lets

A plan to regulate Airbnb-style lets in Edinburgh has been ruled unlawful by a judge less than four months before it was due to come into force.

Operators and landlords opposed to the scheme took the city council to court last month.

After a two-day hearing at the Court of Session, Lord Braid agreed that part of the proposal was unlawful.

The decision was hailed as a "victory for law and common sense" by the group that brought the case.

The council wants to introduce the licensing scheme in response to concerns about the high number of short-term lets in the capital - particularly in the city centre.

It argues that the lettings have exacerbated housing shortages and fuelled anti-social behaviour.

Hosts have until 1 October to apply for a licence, with people who list whole properties on sites such as Airbnb also needing to apply for planning permission.

Renting out a room in your own home, or letting your home while on holiday, would still be allowed.

Opponents of the scheme raised £300,000 through crowdfunding for a judicial review at the Court of Session, which was said to be largest amount raised for a case in the UK.

The case centred on a presumption against allowing entire flats within tenement blocks to be used as holiday lets unless their owners could demonstrate why they should be exempt.

Lord Braid ruled that the presumption was unlawful and that the lack of provision for temporary licences and requirement for some hosts to supply floor coverings went beyond the council's powers.

He said the policy was unlawful because it breached existing laws on what licensing authorities could do under the law.

The judge wrote: "It is not the function of the respondent's licensing authority to decide that a licence should not be granted because a property is of a particular type or is in a particular area.

"For the respondent to adopt a normal practice of not granting an short term licence for premises in a tenement, even where planning permission had been granted, is irrational and contrary to the purposes of the overall statutory scheme.

"It would be perverse and oppressive for the respondent, upon receipt of a licensing application, to require an applicant to obtain planning permission for a tenement property; and thereafter, planning permission having been obtained, to refuse the licence for no other reason than that the property was in a tenement."

The Scottish government says that in certain areas - particularly tourist hot spots - high numbers of lets can cause problems for neighbours and make it harder for people to find homes to live in.

Supporters of the licensing scheme say short-term lets are causing a housing shortage and increasing anti-social behaviour in the capital

Council leader Cammy Day said he made "absolutely no apology for seeking to protect our residents" despite the ruling.

He added: "It is no secret that we face unique housing pressures here in Edinburgh, with a small but densely populated city centre and fast growing population, and it's crucial for us to strike the right balance between promoting our visitor economy while looking after the people that live here all year round.

"Our residents have told us that, in many cases, short-term lets are hollowing out their communities, reducing housing supply and increasing housing costs.

"We can't forget that many have endured years of disturbance and anti-social behaviour and we will continue to work hard to get this right."

Mr Day said the court had "acknowledged our intention to find a solution to this and agreed that it was legitimate to use both planning and licensing policy", with the council now considering its next steps.

A statement issued by the petitioners in response to the judgement said they hoped it would lead the council and government to "seek a fresh approach that aims to collaborate and work with local operators of self-catering accommodation, recognising the many good things it brings to the economy and people of Scotland".

It added: "As the largest crowdfunded case in the history of the UK, the petitioner team are deeply grateful to the many small, local businesses that supported the campaign financially in such uncertain times.

"That grass roots support made it possible for us to take this action, challenging both licensing and planning surrounding short-term lets in Edinburgh and the potential wider impact across urban and rural Scotland."

Fiona Campbell, chief executive of the Association of Scotland's Self-Caterers, welcomed the ruling, which she said would also have ramifications for other licensing schemes across Scotland.

She said: "The Scottish government need to go back to the drawing board on short-term let regulation and engage constructively with industry to provide a regulatory framework that works for all stakeholders."

The proposals were approved by the council's planning committee last year after 88% of the 5,600 people who responded to a consultation on the proposals supported the introduction of the licensing scheme.

Eilidh Keay from tenants' union Living Rent Edinburgh said the decision "demonstrates how a small group of people can use their money and power to weaponise the legal system to their advantage".

She said: "This flies completely in the face of democracy and the will of the people.

"Edinburgh needs homes, not holiday lets. In coming down in support of short-term let operators, this decision seems to have forgotten that Edinburgh is in the midst of a housing crisis.

"It is disgusting that the profit of short-term let operators should be put before the needs of tenants, residents and communities for homes."

The UK is sending 14 Challenger 2 tanks to Kyiv to aid Ukrainians in the fight against Russia

President Vladimir Putin has said Russia would be "forced to react" if the UK sent shells made with depleted uranium to Ukraine.

He accused the West of deploying weapons with a "nuclear component".

The UK Ministry of Defence confirmed it would provide Kyiv the armour-piercing rounds alongside Challenger 2 tanks but insisted they had a low radiation risk.

Depleted uranium "is a standard component and has nothing to do with nuclear weapons", the MoD said.

"The British Army has used depleted uranium in its armour piercing shells for decades," the statement added.

"Russia knows this, but is deliberately trying to disinform. Independent research by scientists from groups such as the Royal Society has assessed that any impact to personal health and the environment from the use of depleted uranium munitions is likely to be low."

Former British Army tank commander - and chemical weapons expert - Col Hamish de Breton-Gordon, said Mr Putin's comments were "classic disinformation".

He said depleted uranium rounds used by Challenger 2 tanks contained only trace elements of depleted uranium.

He added it was "laughable" to suggest depleted uranium rounds were in any way linked to nuclear weapons, which uses enriched uranium.

Depleted uranium is what is left over after natural uranium has been enriched, either for weapons-making or for reactor fuel.

It is mildly radioactive in its solid form. But it is a very heavy substance, 1.7 times denser than lead, and it is used to harden rounds so that they can penetrate armour and steel.

When a weapon made with a depleted uranium tip or core strikes a solid object, like the side of a tank, it goes straight through it and then erupts in a burning cloud of vapour.

The vapour settles as dust, which is poisonous and also weakly radioactive.

Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said sending depleted uranium ammunition to Ukraine would mean the UK was "ready to violate international humanitarian law as in 1999 in Yugoslavia".

"There is no doubt this will end badly for London," Mr Lavrov added.

On Tuesday evening, a spokesman for the Pentagon said the US would not be sending any munitions with depleted uranium to Ukraine.

Shells with depleted uranium were used in Iraq and the Balkans, where some claim it was linked to birth defects.

A 2022 UN Environment Programme (UNEP) report said depleted uranium was an environmental concern in Ukraine.

"Depleted uranium and toxic substances in common explosives can cause skin irritation, kidney failure and increase the risks of cancer," it said.

"The chemical toxicity of depleted uranium is considered a more significant issue than the possible impacts of its radioactivity," it added.

A scene from "Winnie the Pooh: Blood and Honey"

A new Winnie the Pooh horror movie will not be released in Hong Kong and Macau, its distributor has said.

VII Pillars Entertainment apologised for the "disappointment and inconvenience" to viewers in the Chinese special administrative regions.

The film was released in the US in February and across the UK in March.

References to the original, family-friendly version of Winnie the Pooh have been used to protest against President Xi Jinping in recent years.

The meme began after an image showing China's President Xi Jinping and former US President Barack Obama began circulating in 2013.

Censors in China have since clamped down on references to AA Milne's character, and the 2018 Christopher Robin film was banned in the country.

This meme showing Xi Jinping and former US President Barack Obama began circulating in 2013

Hong Kong's Office for Film, Newspaper and Article Administration denied the film had been censored, saying it had issued a certificate of approval for the horror movie.

The office told Reuters it would not comment on commercial decisions made about the movie.

The film's director Rhys Frake-Waterfield told Reuters: "The cinemas agreed to show it, then all independently come to the same decision overnight. It won't be a coincidence.

"They claim technical reasons but there is no technical reason. The film has showed in over 4,000 cinema screens worldwide. These 30-plus screens in Hong Kong are the only ones with such issues."

The horror movie has received a score of just 4% on film rating site Rotten Tomatoes. It depicts the bear, known for being kind and honest, as a vengeful axe wielding half-man, half-bear.

It went viral online when the trailer was released.

Frake-Waterfield was able to make the film when the 95-year copyright on Milne's first Winnie the Pooh story elapsed in the US in January last year.

But Disney - which bought some licences in the 1960s - still owns certain rights. Trademark laws mean the bear cannot wear a red T-shirt in the horror film, for example.

"We weren't allowed to have him say things like 'oh bother' either," Frake-Waterfield told BBC Culture last month.

"There are these elements where we need to be careful not to encroach on their brand and their territory because that's not the intention.

"The intention isn't just to steal their copyright and use it for our own purposes. It's to go from something which is possible to use because it's now publicly available, and just go off on an extreme tangent from that point and make this horrific alternative version to him."

Labour has ruled out introducing a self-ID system to allow people to change their legal sex without a medical diagnosis.

Leader Sir Keir Starmer has previously said his party would introduce such a system if it wins power.

But shadow women and equalities secretary Anneliese Dodds has now said medical diagnosis upholds "confidence in the system".

She added that the requirement also helps people access NHS support.

In a article for the Guardian, she wrote that Labour would streamline the current medical diagnosis rules, calling them "demeaning".

The new Labour position appears to be a compromise that has emerged from a party event in Nottingham over the weekend to discuss policy.

It opens up a split with Scottish Labour, which has previously voted to remove the medical diagnosis requirement and has since confirmed it "continues to support the de-medicalisation of the process in Scotland".

Under current rules, people who want to change legal sex need to provide a medical report showing a diagnosis of gender dysphoria.

This is defined by the NHS as a "sense of unease that a person may have because of a mismatch between their biological sex and their gender identity".

Applicants also have to provide evidence of living full time in their acquired gender for at least two years.

Some campaigners say the the requirement is excessively bureaucratic and invasive, and have long argued for a non-medical process - known as self-identification - instead.

The government ruled out adopting this approach in 2020 after a consultation, but has reduced the fees and moved the process online.

Labour pledged to introduce a self-identification system under previous leader Jeremy Corbyn and the policy was in the party's 2019 general election manifesto.

Sir Keir reaffirmed the 2019 manifesto commitment to "introduce self-declaration" in a June 2021 video for LGBT website Pink News.

However, Ms Dodds has now confirmed that the party would keep the need for a gender dysphoria diagnosis, calling it an "important part" of the process for obtaining a gender recognition certificate.

"Requiring a diagnosis upholds legitimacy of applications and confidence in the system," she wrote.

She said that it also helped refer trans people into the NHS for support services, citing low levels of awareness about how to access them.

She added that Labour wanted to avoid the "mistakes" made by the Scottish government, whose new law to ditch medical reports is subject to an ongoing legal wrangle with the UK government.

Scottish ministers' legislation - endorsed by Scottish Labour in the Scottish Parliament - showed a "cavalier approach", she added.

However, she added the current requirement to apply to an "anonymous" panel to obtain a certificate should be replaced, calling it "demeaning for trans people and meaningless in practice".

Instead, she said it "should be enough" for registrars to sign off the application, based on diagnosis from one doctor.

The LGBT+ Labour group said the party's new position would be a "huge step forward" for trans people over the current government stance.

But it added the party was "signalling a retreat on their policy of de-medicalised self-ID for the trans community at the next general election".

Labour MP Lloyd Russell-Moyle, a patron of the group, told the BBC it would push for further changes, including giving non-medical professionals such as social workers the power to "externally verify" someone's acquired gender.

Rosie Duffield, who had threatened to quit as a Labour MP over the party's previous stance, said she welcomed the retention of medical reports, calling it the "core thing" demanded by women's groups.

Ms Duffield, the MP for Canterbury, has opposed self-ID as a way for trans people to gain access to single sex spaces such as domestic violence refuges and prisons.

Speaking to BBC Radio 4's Today programme, she called for more clarity on the party's position ahead of the general election, expected next year, adding it still included a "bit of confusion and a bit of fence-sitting".

Women and Equalities Minister Kemi Badenoch said Labour's new position is a "copy and paste" of the government's position.

Adding that some Labour MPs had previously attacked the Conservative position as prejudiced, she accused the party of "bare-faced hypocrisy".

Heathrow Airport has said that some passengers may face security delays over the Easter holidays due to strike action over pay.

Hundreds of security officers in the Unite union, who work for Heathrow Airport, have begun 10 days of industrial action.

It threatens disruption at the UK's largest airport at the start of the Easter school holidays.

However, Heathrow said the airport was operating "as normal" on Friday.

The strike involves security guards at Terminal 5, which is only used by British Airways, and those who check cargo. Unite has accused the airport of a real-terms wage cut.

Heathrow said it had offered a 10% pay increase back-dated to 1 January, plus a lump sum payment of more than £1,000.

The airport said contingency plans were keeping the airport operating as usual.

However, British Airways cancelled about 70 flights on Friday. This included flights already removed from the schedule due to the strikes, and cancellations for other reasons, such as bad weather and an air traffic control strike in France.

Picket lines were mounted outside the airport and Unite said the strike was being "well supported".

Heathrow chief executive John Holland-Kaye told the BBC "many" security staff had chosen to work on Friday, but "a lot" of agency security staff had been brought in, alongside "hundreds" of managers who were "here to help".

"The airport is operating as normal," he said.

Are you a security officer striking at Heathrow, or a passenger concerned about your travel plans being disrupted? Share your experiences.

The next few days are expected to be busy as people get away on Easter holidays.

Ahead of the strike, Heathrow asked airlines to stop selling tickets and allow customers to change travel dates.

British Airways pre-emptively cancelled 300 flights and Virgin Atlantic confirmed it had limited new ticket sales and introduced a flexible policy.

The strike reduces the number of security staff available to the airport on what is normally a very busy weekend.

Heathrow said it was deploying 1,000 extra colleagues and its management team to assist passengers.

Travellers should check their flight before travelling to the airport, arriving at Heathrow no earlier than two hours before short-haul flights and three hours before long-haul flights, and be ready for security, the airport said.

Passengers will only be permitted to go through security with two items of hand luggage to help the flow.

The aviation industry more broadly is under pressure from the government and the industry regulator to avoid a repeat of last year's Easter's queues, delays and cancellations, which were largely caused by staff shortages.

A leaked letter to businesses from the Civil Aviation Authority and the Department for Transport, seen by the BBC, says it would be unacceptable for consumers to face the same level of disruption this year.

Airlines and airports have told the BBC they are confident of having enough staff in place this time round, although external factors such as strikes in France affecting air traffic control could cause issues.

The Empire Pool and trolley buses - two sights no longer seen in Cardiff

Some of the last traces of arguably the biggest event ever to be hosted in Wales are set to disappear.

With 1,130 athletes from 35 countries descending on Cardiff, experts believe the country may never see the like of the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games again.

Little remains of the venues used, with the Sophia Gardens Pavilion demolished in 1982 and the Empire Pool in 1998.

The velodrome at Maindy could soon be bulldozed too under plans.

It is the last remnant of an event sports author Huw Richards believes trumps the 1999 Rugby World Cup as the biggest hosted here.

"As soon as you set foot in the Arms Park, and saw the gathering of elite athletes from all over the globe, you could feel a sense that Wales had become a grown-up member of the world community," is how cultural historian Prof Peter Stead described the games.

For younger generations, Maindy Velodrome is best known for nurturing some of Wales' greatest cycling talents, including 2018 Tour de France winner Geraint Thomas.

But it is also where riders battled it out for gold in 1958.

Under proposals, an expansion of Cathays High School would see the velodrome lost, and a new track built at Cardiff Bay.

British cyclist Ray Booty waves as he gets the chequered flag to win the 120 miles road race - which started and finished in St Brides Major, Vale of Glamorgan

The club that uses it, Maindy Flyers, said the prospect of "being left with nothing for future generations of cyclists" was "unacceptable".

Cardiff council replied by saying it fully understands the site's "historic nature", but the new velodrome had the support of the national governing body for cycling.

Cardiff Central station remains - but the frontage looked a bit different in 1958

Similar pain was felt by the swimming community when another of the venues from 1958 disappeared.

The Empire Pool had 1,722 seats, diving boards and the country's only 50m pool - but was flattened as the Millennium Stadium rose up to dominate the city centre in the late '90s.

"The Empire Pool was an iconic facility in the heart of the capital that not only opened its doors to the world at the 1958 Empire Games, but also served to develop some of our nation's finest athletes," said Swim Wales' head of aquatics and inclusion Sioned Williams.

"To lose this piece of history was a big blow to the Welsh aquatics community."

However, she said its replacement, the Wales National Pool in Swansea has become a "thriving hub" for its elite programme and events, while there is also now an Olympic-sized pool in Cardiff Bay.

Opening ceremony for the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games at Cardiff Arms Park

Coming three years after Cardiff was confirmed as capital, the 1958 games were "a significant moment" for the nation, according to sports historian Huw Richards.

But he added: "It has to be remembered that they were rather smaller than they have since become - with just over 1,100 athletes in 94 events, compared to 5,000 competing in 280 at the most recent games in Birmingham."

Cardiff Arms Park was where the drama on the track unfolded - but it looked very different then, a 60,000-capacity stadium where Cardiff RFC and the national rugby side played.

A series of redesigns means it now holds 12,500, with the only remaining parts the Gwyn Nicholls Memorial Gates - erected in 1949 to commemorate one of Wales' greatest rugby players.

The Empire Pool and other buildings were demolished as the new Millennium Stadium - now the Principality Stadium - rose up on the banks of the River Taff in the mid '90s

It stands in the shadow of the Principality Stadium next door, the site of which has also undergone massive transformation since 1958.

Work on a new National Stadium began in 1969, with it not officially opened until 1984.

But just 11 years later, it was decided to demolish it for a super-stadium to host the 1999 Rugby World Cup.

This tournament is the main rival to the 1958 games as Wales' biggest ever event - but comparisons do not stand up to scrutiny, according to Mr Richards.

"In 1999, Wales was the host of record, staging the opening game and the final, but the event was spread evenly across all of what were then the five nations," he added.

"Wales had only nine games out of 41. The other four nations got eight each and the most memorable of them, the two semi-finals, were both at Twickenham."

He said this makes it "all the odder" Wales is the only nation to build a new stadium for a Rugby World Cup.

A recent poll on European membership is something most people are familiar with - votes from another were counted at the Sophia Gardens Pavilion in 1975

Sophia Gardens Pavilion, which hosted boxing and wrestling in 1958, was also a concert venue, with Pink Floyd and Jimi Hendrix among those appearing.

However, its end came in 1982 after its roof collapsed under heavy snow.

Shirley Bassey returned home to perform at the Sophia Gardens Pavilion in November 1961

There is one location used for the 1958 Cardiff-hosted event that remains untouched - and it is 170 miles (274 km) away.

Rowing took place on Llyn Padarn in Eryri, also known as Snowdonia.

Llyn Padarn in Eryri: One location for the 1958 games is in no danger of falling victim to redevelopments in Cardiff

Other big events to come to Wales include golf's Ryder Cup, a Champions League final and an Ashes test - but they were far shorter.

Tourism consultant Prof Terry Stevens believes if Wales was to host the Commonwealth Games again, it would probably be in collaboration with other nations.

"What used to be fairly straightforward, a cycle, is far more complicated now," he said.

"It's not just money, there are lots of other objectives of the organisers, plus TV deals. It used to be done on a 'your turn next' basis. Now it's much more nuanced, sophisticated.

"If you go back 15 years, relatively few venues could hold these big events. Now, every city has at least one decent venue - it's incredibly competitive."

Mr Stevens said sporting bodies increasingly wanted events hosted by multiple countries, such as the next World Cup in the USA, Canada and Mexico.

This puts the bid of the UK nations and Ireland for Euro 2028 in a strong position, he believes, especially considering its rival Turkey is going solo.

"It doesn't prevent Wales going alone for one-off games like the Champions League or a golf competition with one course," he added.

"The trend is Wales would have to collaborate to host the Commonwealth Games. It doesn't deny us, it's just a different model."

Last updated on .From the section European Football

Manchester City's long quest to win the Champions League finally ended in triumph against Inter Milan in Istanbul as Pep Guardiola's side completed the Treble.

After winning the Premier League and FA Cup, City emulated Manchester United's triple trophy haul in 1999 as they became only the second English club to achieve the feat after Rodri's crisp 68th-minute strike settled an attritional final.

Guardiola's all-conquering side were never at their best against a brilliantly organised Inter and had to cope with the loss of Kevin de Bruyne to injury in the first half.

But the massed ranks of City fans inside Ataturk Stadium did not care about that as they joyously celebrated the greatest night - and season - in the club's history.

And for Guardiola, it seals his status as one of the managerial greats as he added a third Champions League to the two he won at Barcelona, the last coming in 2011.

This was never the walkover many predicted and City had to survive a few scares when Federico Dimarco's header bounced off the bar and Ederson made a stunning late save to deny Romelu Lukaku but ultimately this was all about the victory.

Now Guardiola and his players can take their place in history.
• None Have your say on Man City's performance here

The Champions League has brought suffering to City and Guardiola - especially when they lost to Premier League rivals Chelsea in the 2021 final - but all the pain disappeared just before midnight on a sultry night in Istanbul.

City survived late anxiety, especially when Inter substitute Lukaku headed straight at Ederson with the goal at his mercy, but there was an explosion of joy on the pitch and in the stands at Ataturk Stadium as they finally secured the giant trophy that has remained so elusively beyond their grasp for so long.

Guardiola said, whether it was fair or not, that his time at Manchester City would be judged on whether he was able to bring the Champions League to the club. Now that judgement can be made.

The Catalan, who won the Champions League with Barcelona in 2009 and 2011, will now be an iconic figure at City as well as Barcelona.
• None 'Hysterical and hated at times' - but Guardiola is the greatest

It is a simple fact that many outside the Abu Dhabi-owned club will always view their triumph through the prism of the charges of 115 financial breaches brought against them by the Premier League, charges they fiercely deny.

For City's owners, with Sheikh Mansour attending only his second game since taking control in 2008, this was the night they have planned for and the one when they finally claimed that holy grail.

This was an evening when only the result mattered to City, not the manner in which their greatest victory was achieved.

This was not a win secured with the dazzling style and creation that is usually their hallmark. In fact for long periods it was a scrappy, sloppy performance in the face of a well-drilled Inter side who were right in this Champions League Final until the whistle went.

None of that will matter now. All that will be recalled forever about this game by City's fans was the moment when Rodri arrived on the end of build-up play from Manuel Akanji and Bernardo Silva to send that precise right-foot finish away from the reach of Inter's outstanding keeper Andre Onana.

And of course the triumphant Champions League trophy lift.

City lived dangerously in the closing minutes and, when it was all over, Guardiola, so agitated in his technical area, was relatively calm as he sought out opposite number Simone Inzaghi for consoling words.

John Stones was once again outstanding for City while keeper Ederson made key contributions when required.

The celebrations at the final whistle reflected a magnificent season as City finally got their hands on the Champions League trophy and prepared to parade it around the streets of Manchester along with the Premier League and FA Cup on Monday.
• None Attempt saved. Robin Gosens (Inter Milan) header from a difficult angle on the right is saved in the top left corner. Assisted by Federico Dimarco with a cross.
• None Attempt missed. Nicolò Barella (Inter Milan) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses the top right corner following a set piece situation.
• None Marcelo Brozovic (Inter Milan) wins a free kick on the right wing.
• None Erling Haaland (Manchester City) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
• None Attempt missed. Romelu Lukaku (Inter Milan) left footed shot from the left side of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Lautaro Martínez with a headed pass.
• None Attempt saved. Romelu Lukaku (Inter Milan) header from very close range is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Robin Gosens with a headed pass. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page
• None Our coverage of Manchester City is bigger and better than ever before - here's everything you need to know to make sure you never miss a moment
• None Everything City - go straight to all the best content

More than half of low income households in the UK are in the dark about bargain broadband deals, according to a new report by communications regulator Ofcom.

It is concerned people are not getting the right advice when it comes to switching to a social tariff.

Social tariffs are low-cost broadband deals offered to customers on benefits and cost between £10 and £20 a month.

Ofcom says millions of families could save around £200 a year by switching.

Although take up of these deals has quadrupled since January last year, the majority of people are still missing out on the savings it says.

One of the main reasons, according to the the regulator, is that families do not know about the deals.

Reduced social tariffs allow UK households receiving government benefits such as Universal Credit, Pension Credit, Jobseeker's Allowance and Income Support to pay less for internet and telecoms access.

Ofcom says it is also urging TalkTalk and O2 to introduce social tariffs in the broadband and mobile markets respectively.

Around 4.3 million UK households could be getting cheaper broadband, but only around 220,000 people - or 5% of households - are currently signed up to the offer, according to Ofcom.

Consumer groups are urging customers to act now and look at the packages available - especially given the cost of living crisis.

As well as being much more affordable, social tariffs are usually on shorter-term contracts. Plus there are no early exit fees - so people are not tied to the contract if their circumstances change, and you can leave without paying a penalty.

According to Ofcom's affordability tracker one in three UK households had an issue affording their communication services, reflecting the ongoing pressures that people are facing.

Ofcom says more than half of eligible households continue to be unaware of social tariffs and that more needs to be done to encourage people to get the support - a similar plea was made last year.

The watchdog is concerned that broadband providers are still not being upfront with millions of customers about how to find and sign up to these packages.

Of eligible customers that are aware of social tariffs, most had heard about them through social media and from television.

But just 9% found out about social tariffs through their provider. Ofcom says that highlights how the industry needs to go further to promote their social tariffs effectively and make them easier to find.

Lindsey Fussell, Ofcom's director of network and communication, said she believed broadband providers should go further, "at a time when these savings could make a massive difference".

"We're urging anyone who thinks they could be eligible for a discount deal to contact their provider today and potentially save hundreds of pounds," she said.

Ever since this row kicked off, I've wondered whether the prime minister had heard about Baroness Hallett's reputation.

If there were a national prize for Least Likely To Be A Pushover, this tough no-nonsense former Court of Appeal judge would probably win it. Here's why.

Thirteen years ago, Lady Justice Hallett, as she then was, oversaw the heart-breaking inquests into the 2005 suicide attacks in London, in which 52 people were killed by four bombers.

MI5 and the Home Office tried to convince her to keep secret what spooks had known about the ringleader of the attacks. I oversimplify, but after some legal trench warfare, Hallett ruled that the bereaved families must know the facts.

MI5's attempt to overturn that decision in the High Court, with the help of the then Home Secretary Theresa May, was so thin that a judge declared part of their argument to be "hopeless" .

Lady Justice Hallett had called the law right: there is inevitably a place for confidentiality or secrecy when it comes to sensitive national secrets. But there must also be transparency for the victims of an appalling tragedy.

And in the aftermath, ministers found themselves accused of a spectacularly clumsy attempt to cover up the truth. I'll leave you to decide whether that sounds familiar...

A multi-million pound fraudster has pleaded guilty to a sophisticated banking scam called iSpoof which stole £100m from victims worldwide.

Last year the Metropolitan Police texted 70,000 people to warn them their details had been compromised and they had likely been defrauded.

The fraudsters called people at random, pretending to be a bank warning of suspicious activity on their accounts.

They would pose as employees of banks including Barclays, Santander, HSBC, Lloyds, Halifax, First Direct, NatWest, Nationwide and TSB.

The fraudsters would encourage people to disclose security information and, through technology, may have accessed features such as one-time passcodes to clear accounts of funds.

This is the largest fraud investigation the Metropolitan Police have ever carried out. In the UK alone £43m was lost. One victim lost £3m.

Fletcher, 35, of Western Gateway in east London, pleaded guilty to running the iSpoof website which allowed criminals and fraudsters to pretend to be banks and tax offices.

He admitted charges of making or supplying articles for use in fraud, encouraging or assisting the commission of an offence, possessing criminal property and transferring criminal property.

"He was the ringleader of a slick fraud website which enabled criminals to defraud innocent people of millions of pounds," said Det Supt Helen Rance, who led the investigation.

"We are doing more than ever before to protect Londoners from spoofing and cyber fraud and devised a bespoke plan to reach out to victims who were targeted via iSpoof."

Last year, when the fraud emerged, Commissioner Sir Mark Rowley said the Met was contacting mobile numbers connected to the fraudsters for longer than a minute, suggesting a fraud or attempted fraud had taken place.

Criminals paid Fletcher for access to his iSpoof website, transferring up to £5,000 a month in Bitcoin. The Federal Bureau of Investigation in the US took the site down last year.

Fletcher will be sentenced on 18 May at Southwark Crown Court.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. We've got to double down and stick to our plan - Sunak

This set of by-elections amounts to a single question: just how badly did the Conservatives do?

But not as badly as they had feared.

The prospect of a crushing three-nil defeat - beaten everywhere - was averted.

Labour managed to win - and win really big - in rural North Yorkshire; the kind of spot some distance from usually fertile political territory for them.

And yet they lost in north west London, where they had expected to win.

But, but, but: the Tory obliteration in Somerset will sow panic among many Conservatives in the south west of England.

So let's unpick where this leaves us, because on the face of it is a rather messy picture.

To what extent were these contests atypical, by-election quirks rather than true indicators of the national mood?

Firstly, Labour's victory in Selby and Ainsty is off the scale big.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Sir Keir Starmer on by-election win: Starmer: "First time I have been able to say: Well done Keir"

Another Keir joins the ranks of Labour MPs, Keir Mather. It's a name rich in Labour history: Keir Hardie was the party's first leader.

If Labour won on this scale nationally, they would be in government with a colossal majority.

The party that has campaigned so fruitfully for so long on the perceived failings of Boris Johnson has failed to take Uxbridge and South Ruislip, the very seat he used to represent.

Just days ago, the Conservatives were ready to blame what they described privately as "Long Boris" to explain away their losses.

In other words, don't blame us, blame the prime minister before last.

But now they have won where he was the MP, and lost in two places where he wasn't.

Downing Street had not anticipated a photo opportunity where smiles would feature today.

But before some of us had reached for the breakfast cereal Rishi Sunak was beaming in Uxbridge.

And his message is one we will keep hearing, I suspect: the general election is not a done deal, and where voters see what he will claim is the "reality of Labour" they vote Conservative.

To hear Conservatives this morning talking about Uxbridge was to hear those swimming through the roughest of rough political seas, and then seeing an unlikely raft upon which to climb, and breathe a brief sigh of relief.

Labour are disappointed to lose in Uxbridge.

Publicly, and more candidly in private, they blame the expansion of London's Ultra Low Emissions Zone (Ulez), a policy idea blamed by many voters on the Labour mayor of London, Sadiq Khan.

"If you run on a ticket about the cost of living but you are blamed for adding 90 quid a week to the cost of living for some, it's going to be difficult," acknowledged one party figure.

The Ulez daily charge is £12.50 a day. If a driver fails to pay the charge, or broke the penalty charge rules, the bill could be higher.

Labour's failure to take Uxbridge presents three niggles for the party, as they look to the general election:

Equally, if you are one of the innumerable Labour figures desperate to not sound complacent, losing in Uxbridge rather helps.

And what about the Liberal Democrats?

Their win in Somerton and Frome was huge.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The Lib Dem leader stages a cannon stunt to celebrate his party winning the Somerton and Frome by-election

They hope it is proof of a revival in the West Country, a former heartland for the party before the near oblivion that followed their years in coalition at Westminster.

And there is plenty of evidence of that revival: last year's by-election win in nearby Tiverton and Honiton and their control of Somerset Council for starters.

But: they are a small party with limited resources.

They threw everything at Somerton and Frome, managing to knock on 15,000 doors on polling day alone.

That kind of operation is much harder to do at a general election - when they are likely to be trying to throw everything at around 30 seats, not just one.

Privately, party figures acknowledge that this by-election campaign was helped hugely by former Conservative cabinet minister Nadine Dorries having not yet resigned her seat in Mid Bedfordshire, another Lib Dem target.

Had that contest happened on Thursday too, it would have split their resources in half. At a general election, the demands on staffing would be even more brutal.

But the party does now have ample evidence that they have overcome the paralysing hangover of the coalition years, and are competitive again - and dangerous, particularly to the Tories.

Overall, the scope for Conservative comfort anywhere after these results is very slender.

But not as slender as it might have been.

John Allan is stepping down as chairman of Tesco following allegations over his conduct.

Mr Allan, who is also a former president of the CBI business lobby group, has strongly denied three of four claims made against him.

However, board member Byron Grote, who will temporarily replace Mr Allan as chairman, said: "These allegations risk becoming a distraction to Tesco."

Tesco said it had made "no findings of wrongdoing".

Mr Allan will leave Tesco in June after eight years in the role.

He said: "It is with regret that I am having to prematurely stand down from my position as chair of Tesco following the anonymous and unsubstantiated allegations made against me, as reported by the Guardian."

A report in the Guardian had claimed that Mr Allan had touched a Tesco employee at the supermarket giant's annual shareholder meeting last year.

It also alleged that Mr Allan "grabbed" an employee at a CBI event in 2019. He has previously said these claims were "simply untrue".

It is also claimed that he made a comment about a CBI staff member's dress and bottom in 2021. Mr Allan said he does not recall this incident.

He has, however, admitted to making a comment to a female CBI worker in late 2019 about a dress suiting her figure.

Mr Allan said he was "mortified after making the comment" and immediately apologised.

He was president of the CBI between 2018 and 2020 and spent an additional year as vice president.

Following claims he inappropriately touched a Tesco staff member, the supermarket group said it began an "extensive review of the allegation".

The retailer said it had asked colleagues "to come forward if they had concerns regarding any conduct issues and specifically at the Tesco 2022 annual general meeting (AGM)".

It also reviewed video of the event as well as its internal complaints records.

Mr Grote said: "While we have received no complaints about John's conduct and made no findings of wrongdoing, these allegations risk becoming a distraction to Tesco.

"On behalf of the board, I thank him for his substantial contribution to the business," he added.

Mr Allan said: "These allegations are utterly baseless, as the internal procedures undertaken by Tesco prove.

"There is no evidence of any wrongdoing at that time or at any stage of my chairmanship at Tesco and I remain determined to prove my innocence."

Meanwhile, the CBI, which is Britain's biggest lobby group, is facing separate allegations of sexual misconduct.

These include two allegations of rape that are being investigated by the City of London Police.

Following an external investigation by law firm Fox Williams, the CBI admitted that it hired "culturally toxic" staff and failed to fire people who sexually harassed female colleagues.

It has since dismissed some staff members.

It has also appointed its former chief economist Rain Newton-Smith as director general.

She has replaced Tony Danker who was fired in April following separate complaints of workplace misconduct.

Mr Danker has acknowledged he had made some staff feel "very uncomfortable". He said: "I apologise for that."

But he said his name had been wrongly associated with separate claims, including rape, that allegedly occurred at the CBI before he joined.

If you have been affected by any of the issues raised in this story, get in touch by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

A 27-year-old man has been sentenced to 17 months in prison for ramming a police car he was being pursued by, after failing to stop in North Yorkshire.

He then led a second police vehicle on a high-speed chase before crashing into a field.

Mikey Lee Neesham pleaded guilty to dangerous driving and to causing criminal damage to a police car. When arrested, officers found he had no insurance and that his provisional licence had expired.

Iraqi authorities have vowed to try to repatriate all stolen artefacts

A 2,800-year-old stone tablet has gone on display in Iraq after being returned by Italy following nearly four decades.

The artefact is inscribed with complete cuneiform text - a system of writing on clay in an ancient Babylonian alphabet.

Italian authorities handed it over to Iraq's President Abdul Latif Rashid in the city of Bologna last week.

It is not clear how the tablet was found - or how it made its way to Italy where it was seized by police in the 1980s.

Iraqi Culture Minister Ahmed Badrani said that it might have been found during archaeological excavations of the Mosul Dam, which was built around that time.

Iraq, often described as the "cradle of civilisation", is known, among others, for the world's first writing.

In the late 8th Century, the country's Bayt al-Hikmah (House of Wisdom) was home to the largest library of books on science, art, maths, medicine and philosophy.

Looting of the country's antiquities intensified following the US-led invasion 20 years ago.

Iraq's president praised the co-operation shown by Italy and said he would work to recover all the archaeological pieces of Iraqi history from abroad.

Greek authorities closed the Acropolis during the hottest part of the day

Much of southern Europe is baking in extreme heat, with Greece seeing temperatures of 40C (104F) or more.

The Acropolis, the country's most popular tourist attraction, was closed during the hottest hours of the day to protect visitors.

Potentially record temperatures are expected next week as another heatwave approaches.

The European Space Agency (ESA) says Italy, Spain, France, Germany and Poland may see extreme conditions.

The ESA monitors land and sea temperatures via its satellites.

The hottest temperature ever recorded in Europe was 48.8C in Sicily in August 2021.

There are also fears in Greece of a greater risk of wildfires, especially in areas with high winds. It suffered major wildfires in 2021 in another exceptional heatwave.

In Croatia, fires broke out on Thursday, burning houses and cars in at least one village, Grebastica, on the Dalmatian coast. Officials told Croatian TV on Friday morning that the fire had been brought under control.

High temperatures have also been reaching into central parts of Europe, with Germany and Poland among countries affected.

Czechia's meteorological office issued a warning that temperatures at the weekend could go above 38C, which is exceptionally high for the country.

Meanwhile in the UK, heavy showers and gusty winds are expected in parts of England on Saturday.

Meteorologists quoted by PA suggested this was because the southern shift of the jet stream which was fuelling the hot weather in Europe, was also drawing low-pressure systems into the UK, bringing unsettled and cooler weather.

Volunteers from the Hellenic Red Cross hand out water bottles

Earlier this week, a man in his forties died from the heat after collapsing in northern Italy - while several visitors to the country have collapsed from heatstroke, including a British man outside the Colosseum in Rome.

The cause is the Cerberus heatwave - named by the Italian Meteorological Society after the three-headed monster that features in Dante's Inferno.

Italian weather forecasters are warning that the next heatwave - dubbed Charon after the ferryman who delivered souls into the underworld in Greek mythology - will push temperatures back up above 40C next week.

Heatwaves are also being seen in parts of the US, China, North Africa and Japan.

Italy is one of the countries experiencing soaring temperatures

Greece's Culture Ministry announced the closure of the Acropolis on Friday from 12:00 to 17:00 (9:00-14:00 GMT), saying similar measures were likely to follow on Saturday.

Temperatures were expected to peak at 41C in central Athens on Friday, but the Acropolis sits on a rocky hilltop and is usually hotter.

There is little shade on the hill for respite.

Earlier on Friday at least one tourist was stretchered out of the site after falling ill due to the heat, local police said.

Several other tourist sites around the Sacred Rock where the Acropolis stands remained open throughout the day.

In recent days the Greek Red Cross has been deployed to provide water bottles and help people feeling nauseous and dizzy in the heat.

People have been advised to drink at least two litres of water a day and to avoid coffee and alcohol, which are dehydrating.

Last month was the hottest June on record, according to the EU's climate monitoring service Copernicus.

Extreme weather resulting from warming climate is "unfortunately becoming the new normal", the World Meteorological Organisation (WMO) has warned.

Periods of intense heat occur within natural weather patterns, but globally they are becoming more frequent, more intense and are lasting longer due to global warming.

How have you been affected by the extreme heat? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Germany took its three remaining nuclear power plants off the grid on Saturday

On one side of Berlin's Brandenburg Gate on Saturday, there was partying: anti-atomic activists celebrated victory in a battle that had lasted 60 years.

On the other side of the Gate, there were protests, as demonstrators marched against the closure of Germany's three remaining nuclear power stations.

By midnight on Saturday, Isar 2, Emsland and Neckarwestheim 2 had all gone offline.

At the Brandenburg Gate, where the Wall once divided Cold War Berlin, nuclear energy is an ideological fault-line that splits the country. It is an issue that is emotionally charged like few others. And particularly now as war in Europe again looms large.

Both sides accuse each other of irrational ideology.

Conservative commentators and politicians say the country is in thrall to Green Party dogma, that scraps domestic nuclear power at a time when cutting Russian energy means rising prices. They accuse the government of increasing reliance on fossil fuels instead of using nuclear, which has lower emissions.

"It's a black day for climate protection in Germany," said Jens Spahn, conservative CDU MP, on RTL television earlier this week.

There have been attempts to rid Germany of nuclear power for decades

Greens and left-wingers argue that it is illogical to cling to nuclear power, which is more expensive than wind or solar. The government argues that keeping the three ageing atomic power stations online would need huge investment — funds that should go into renewable energy sources.

It is odd for the CDU to suddenly champion climate protection, say Green Party MPs, given that the conservatives regularly block measures to expand renewable energy infrastructure.

Ironically, given the CDU's current fight for nuclear, it was a conservative-led government under Angela Merkel that decided to phase out atomic power after the 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster. Her decision was popular with voters, coming on the back of widespread anti-nuclear sentiment sparked by the catastrophe. Cynics suggest that upcoming key regional elections may have influenced her decision.

Today, Germany gets almost half of its electricity from renewables - 44% in 2022, according to the Federal Statistical Office - and just 6% from atomic power. Green economy minister Robert Habeck predicts that 80% of Germany's electricity will be renewable by 2030 and has pushed through laws to make it quicker and easier to build solar and wind farms.

But over the last year, the proportion of renewables has stagnated while CO2 emissions have increased, as Germany has been forced to import liquefied natural gas (LNG) and use more coal instead of Russian gas. This has sparked even some Green voters and anti-nuclear activists to support temporarily extending the lifespan of the last three nuclear power stations.

In an article published in Friday's edition of the newspaper Der Tagesspiegel, Green Party environment minister Steffi Lemke wrote that Germany was shutting down nuclear because catastrophic accidents can never be ruled out, "whether it be through human error like Chernobyl, natural disasters like Fukushima… or attacks, as Ukraine is suffering because of Russia's war".

Germany does not need nuclear, she argues, because renewables are safer, more sustainable, better for the climate and make more economic sense.

Despite predictions of shortages and blackouts, Germany produces more energy than it needs, exporting energy to France over the summer, note Green Party leaders pointedly, where nuclear power stations could not operate because of extreme weather.

Voters are divided. According to this week's ARD-DeutschlandTrend poll, 59% of Germans are against shutting down atomic energy, with only 34% in favour. Support for nuclear is strongest amongst older and conservative voters.

But more detailed questioning reveals a nuanced picture. In a YouGov poll from earlier this week, 65% supported keeping the three remaining nuclear power stations running for now. But only 33% wanted Germany to keep nuclear power indefinitely. In other words, pull the plug - but just not quite yet.

Many supporters of nuclear power argue it is a cleaner fuel than some other options

On Thursday, the conservative leader of Bavaria Markus Söder visited Isar 2, and called for Germany to not only keep the last three reactors online, but also to reactivate old power stations - including one shut down in Bavaria by him.

Meanwhile Christian Lindner, finance minister and head of the liberal FDP party - which is in Olaf Scholz' three-way governing coalition - this week again rebelled against the government's official line and called for the three power stations to stay active in reserve. Both leaders know that at this stage such ideas are technologically, legally and financially implausible. But looking at the polls they see political capital in the issue, whether the reactors are actually there or not.

The Green Party, which has its roots in the anti-nuclear movement of the 1970s, will be celebrating this weekend. But the party realises that their political opponents are ready to blame them for any future energy shortfalls, price hikes or missed CO2 targets. German atomic power will be gone. But politically, nuclear remains explosive.

More than a quarter of patients on antidepressants in England - about two million people - have been taking them for five years, the BBC has found.

This is despite there being limited evidence of the benefits of taking the drugs for that length of time.

A doctor who runs an NHS clinic helping people off the pills says withdrawal symptoms can make it hard for some to stop taking their medication.

Withdrawal guidance was updated in 2019, but he says little has changed.

More than eight million people in England are on antidepressants - which are prescribed for depression, anxiety and obsessive compulsive disorder and other conditions. That's one million more people than five years previously, NHS prescribing figures show.

The new figures on long-term use - for the period 2018-2022 - were provided to BBC Panorama by the NHS, following a Freedom of Information request. The data gives an overall picture but does not reflect the circumstances of individual patients, some of whom could be on antidepressants long-term for good reason.

The investigation also uncovered evidence that a leading drug company attempted 27 years ago to conceal possible withdrawal effects that one drug could cause.

Modern antidepressants - called SSRIs (Selective Serotonin Re-Uptake Inhibitors) - arrived from the late 1980s, including Prozac. They were quickly heralded as wonder drugs compared with earlier medications, some of which had serious side effects.

They were thought to treat depression by fixing an imbalance of the mood-regulating chemical serotonin in the brain. Researchers are now not clear how they work. One theory is that they simply change how you think or feel, rather than rectifying an underlying problem.

The NHS recommends antidepressants as a treatment for more severe depression. Talking therapy as well as exercise and lifestyle changes might be recommended instead of, or in combination with, the medication.

"Throughout my long and extensive career, I have seen people benefit from antidepressants," said Prof Wendy Burn, former president of the Royal College of Psychiatrists.

"I see them working in my clinical practice, I see lives being changed by them."

But she added: "People are staying on antidepressants longer, and we don't really have long-term studies that support that."

There has long been a debate about how effective antidepressants are. The most comprehensive research, from the University of Oxford, suggests antidepressants do help some people, at least in the short-term.

But on average, their benefits are relatively modest, and the way people respond varies, with some not responding at all, according to the researcher who led the study.

And there is some evidence to suggest that long-term antidepressant use may be linked to some health risks, such as heart problems and diabetes. It is also thought that long-term use may lead to a higher risk of withdrawal symptoms in some people.

Withdrawal can happen when you stop a drug that your body has become used to.

Taking that drug away too quickly, before the brain has had time to adjust, can lead to symptoms - including low mood and feelings of anxiety. Some symptoms overlap with the original condition the drug was prescribed for, which means the withdrawal can sometimes be confused with relapse.

The symptoms depend on the individual, which drug they were taking, and for how long. Many patients can stop taking antidepressants without experiencing any problems.

If you are affected by any of the issues in this article you can find details of organisations that can help via the BBC Action Line

Panorama has uncovered evidence to suggest that one major drug company which manufactured SSRI antidepressants had become increasingly aware of a whole range of withdrawal symptoms from the mid-1990s, but was reluctant to share this information with the public and medicines regulators.

A copy of a confidential 1996 memo from firm Pfizer - which originally sold sertraline, now the UK's most common antidepressant - shows employees discussing what the drug company would tell regulators in Norway.

"We should not volunteer to describe the withdrawal symptoms, but have an agreed list prepared in case they insist," the memo says.

Some of the withdrawal reactions the memo refers to include sensory disturbances, sweating, nausea, insomnia, tremors, agitation and anxiety.

Pfizer no longer produces sertraline. Responding to Panorama's findings, a spokesperson said the company "monitored and reported all adverse event data" to licensing authorities, "in line with its legal and regulatory obligations and updated sertraline labelling as required."

It added: "Public health organisations and professional medical bodies throughout the world have recognised sertraline and other SSRIs as the treatment of choice for adult depression." The company said the drug's label warned about withdrawal and had been updated "as required".

The Royal College of Psychiatrists published updated information on withdrawal in 2019 - overseen by Prof Burn, who was its president at the time. It came after she heard testimony from patients who had experienced severe withdrawal effects.

Until then, guidance used by the NHS and the college maintained withdrawal was mostly mild and short-lived - lasting no more than about a week.

Now NHS guidance reflects that it can be severe and longer-lasting for some, and withdrawal can last many months.

A Royal College of Psychiatrists spokesperson told the BBC: "Medicine continuously evolves, as does our knowledge of treating mental illness. As a result, the college updates its guidance when new evidence comes to light."

A lack of awareness about withdrawal difficulties has meant that even medical professionals who prescribe the drugs have struggled to stop taking antidepressants themselves.

Dr Mark Horowitz, who tried to stop the antidepressants he had taken for 15 years in 2015, said: "It led to complete havoc in my life," he says. "I would wake up in the morning in full panic, like I was being chased by an animal."

The panic he felt would last until late into the evenings and he took up running as a distraction.

"I ran until my feet bled, because it gave me a slight reprieve from that panic sensation."

He said it was worse than the symptoms that led him to take antidepressants in the first place.

Panorama examines whether the current generation of antidepressant drugs have lived up to their promises, following patients who have suffered serious side effects.

Watch The Antidepressant Story on BBC One at 20:00 on Monday 19 June (20:30 in Wales and Northern Ireland) and on BBC iPlayer afterwards (UK only)

He is concerned that far more work has been done on how to start patients on antidepressants - and much less on stopping.

"To me, it's the same as allowing cars to be sold without brakes," he said.

"We should know how to start the car and how to stop it."

Now Dr Horowitz runs England's only NHS antidepressant deprescribing clinic - a pilot scheme set up in London in 2021 to help people struggling to stop taking their medication.

At the moment he is seeing about 25 patients.

Despite withdrawal guidance having been updated, Dr Horowitz thinks patients are still struggling to get tailored advice. Guidance for doctors now recommends that people reduce the dose of their medication in stages, but it does not specify how long it should take. It's different for everyone.

Dr Horowitz is still trying to reduce his antidepressant dose - and hopes to stop altogether this year

The Royal College of GPs told Panorama that family doctors were "highly-trained to have frank and sensitive conversations" with patients about the risks and benefits of antidepressants.

"Amid intense workload and workforce pressures," it said it was, "increasingly difficult to offer patients the time they need within the constraints of a standard 10-minute consultation."

The companies behind the most widely used antidepressants told Panorama that many clinical trials and studies, including ones conducted by independent researchers, had shown their drugs to be effective.

They said the drugs had been taken by many millions worldwide for potentially devastating and sometimes life-threatening conditions.

As with all medicines, they said, antidepressants have potential side effects which are clearly stated in the prescribing information. They added that their drugs are considered to be safe, with a positive benefit-risk ratio by doctors, patients and regulators around the world.
• None Antidepressants exit must be slow - says watchdog

The stepfather of a five-year-old girl has pleaded guilty to her murder.

Nadia Zofia Kalinowska died after being found injured at her family home at Fernagh Drive in Newtownabbey in December 2019.

Her mother, 28 year-old Aleksandra Wahab, and the child's stepfather, 34-year-old Abdul Wahab, went on trial on Wednesday at Belfast Crown Court, accused of murder.

When the case resumed on Thursday, Abdul Wahab pleaded guilty to murder.

The Pakistani national also pleaded guilty to two charges of grievous bodily harm with intent 24 hours before the child's death and on other occasions between July and December that year.

A minimum period, before he can be released, will be set at a future date.

The trial had been told the schoolgirl was tortured and killed in her home - a place where she should have felt safe.

During the opening, Crown barrister Liam McCollum detailed the injuries inflicted on Nadia.

As well as suffering a skull fracture and lacerated liver which caused her death, Nadia had sustained fractures and re-fractures to her ribs, a fractured collarbone, a fractured pelvis and an injury to her bowel.

Also present at Nadia's time of death were 70 surface injuries including bruising and abrasions.

Nadia was rushed to hospital from her home in Newtownabbey

This led the Crown to conclude that Nadia had been subjected to a campaign of physical abuse in the family home which culminated in her death.

As the hearing was due to resume on Thursday, barristers for both Mr and Mrs Wahab asked that their clients be re-arraigned.

At this point Abdul Wahab bowed his head and tearfully pleaded guilty to the murder.

Aleksandra Wahab pleaded guilty to allowing the death of a child and allowing a child to suffer serious physical harm.

These pleas were accepted by the court and the jury was discharged.

She was remanded back into custody.

Addressing the jury of seven men and five woman, the judge said that as both defendants had now pleaded guilty to three charges each, he directed them to return not guilty verdicts on all the remaining counts.

A spokesperson for the school said: "Our school community is still in shock at this terrible tragedy. We have lost Nadia who was a much loved pupil.

"Our thoughts and prayers are with those impacted at this time."

Nohema Graber, 66, was prominent in the Spanish-speaking community

A teenager in the US state of Iowa who beat his teacher to death with a baseball bat over a bad grade has been sentenced to life in prison.

Willard Miller, 17, pleaded guilty to first-degree murder in April for his role in the 2 November 2021 killing of Nohema Graber, a Spanish teacher.

Miller and co-defendant Jeremy Goodale, now 18, attacked Ms Graber, 66, after she marked down Miller's work.

Aged 16 at the time of the murder, both were charged as adults.

On Thursday, Miller was sentenced to life in prison with the possibility of parole only after at least 35 years.

He was also ordered to pay at least $150,000 (£117,000) in restitution to the victim's family.

Before delivering his sentence, Judge Shawn Showers rejected defence arguments that Miller was too young at the time to understand the gravity of his actions.

"Evil does not have a birthday," he said.

Family members of Ms Graber told the court they did not believe Miller was remorseful.

Several relatives mentioned that the murder led to the early death last month of Ms Graber's husband, Paul. He was buried a day before Thursday's sentencing.

Miller apologised to the community and turned to address Ms Graber's relatives seated behind him.

"I am sincerely sorry for the distress I have caused you and the devastation I have caused your family," he said.

Pleading with the judge to forego the maximum sentence, Miller said: "I don't want to be institutionalised so long that I forget who I am and where I come from."

Prosecutors said the evidence showed both Miller and Goodale had bludgeoned Ms Graber with a bat during the attack in Fairfield, a town of fewer than 10,000 people that lies 100 miles (160km) south-east of the state capitol, Des Moines.

The day after the attack, police found the mother-of-three's body hidden under a tarpaulin, wheelbarrow and railway sleepers in a local park where she used to walk after school.

In a police interview, Miller described frustrations with the way Ms Graber taught Spanish.

He said his marks in her class were lowering his Grade Point Average, an important score during applications for US colleges and scholarships.

Miller met Ms Graber at Fairfield High School on the day of the murder to discuss his poor grade in her class. Goodale was also a student there.

Mexican-born Ms Graber had been employed at the school since 2012. She was part of the town's small but growing Latino community.

Yevgeny Prigozhin may have boasted he had the loyalty of all 25,000 members of his mercenary army, but it seems that may have shifted as quickly as the Wagner Group's rebellion petered out.

In online messages analysed by BBC Verify, Wagner troops and their relatives raged against Prigozhin's decision to halt his dramatic march on Moscow and withdraw from the captured city of Rostov.

"The bald waste of space destroyed Wagner PMC with his own hands. And screwed everyone he could," fumed one online poster claiming to be a Wagner fighter on a Telegram channel with 200,000 followers.

"It's been another senseless revolt," they added.

Telegram is the social media platform of choice for Wagner soldiers and pro-war circles in Russia, allowing often anonymous communication with thousands of followers at a time.

It was where Prigozhin chose to announce his so-called "March of Justice" against the Russian regime, but it has now become the place where many have turned against him.

Mark Krutov, a journalist with the RFE/RL outlet's Russian Service, has access to the Telegram group chats used by relatives of Wagner fighters. He shared some of their messages with the BBC.

"They were simply betrayed," one woman wrote. "I trusted Prigozhin, but what he did is dishonourable."

"He shouldn't have done this. This is pure betrayal," agreed another user.

Prigozhin long enjoyed highly vocal support from a network of pro-Wagner influencers. For months, they have championed his actions and attacked his opponents in the Ministry of Defence - particularly his sworn enemy, Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu.

But when the Wagner mutiny was developing, their reaction was surprisingly muted.

Two of the largest groups, Grey Zone and Reverse Side of the Medal - with almost 900,000 followers between them - did not rush to endorse his actions, instead aiming for the reasonably neutral middle ground of blaming antagonism by Mr Shoigu and his loyalists for the bloodshed.

Fighters of Wagner group stand guard outside the headquarters of the Southern Military District in the city of Rostov-on-Don, Russia

Wagner PMC Briefs is a channel Prigozhin has confirmed as an official page of Wagner and is run by one of his troops. It noted - with eyebrows raised - that when Russian President Vladimir Putin denounced the mutiny, he didn't mention anyone by name.

"[Putin] did not name "the mutineers and traitors," it said. "Perhaps it was to let Prigozhin restore justice and punish those guilty of real betrayal that resulted in the failure [of Russia's invasion of Ukraine]?

The theory that Mr Putin and Prigozhin conspired to stage a coup attempt in order to "test the loyalty of the Russian elites" quickly gained traction on social media."Girls, I thought maybe it was all orchestrated to remove Shoigu, but through Prigozhin, so Putin wouldn't have to do it himself?" wrote a woman on the Wagner relatives' chat.

Volodymyr Fesenko, head of the Penta Center for Applied Political Research in Kyiv, disagrees.

"If it was staged, what for? So everyone could see how weak Putin is?" he said. "What happened was a public humiliation of Putin. And Prigozhin? He partially lost his reputation: He used to demonstrate power, and then he simply retreated."

But Prigozhin's last public comment on the day of the mutiny, filmed after he agreed to stand down, continues to fuel speculation online. "We've had an OK result today," he said. "Cheered everybody up."

Kenneth Law has been charged in connection to two deaths in Canada, but police believe there may be more victims

UK police are carrying out checks on addresses where a poisonous substance linked to suicides may have been sent.

It follows the arrest of a Canadian man accused of "counselling and aiding suicide" by distributing the dangerous product worldwide.

The National Crime Agency (NCA) is working with Canadian authorities to identify potential cases of vulnerable people buying the poison in Britain.

The substance has been linked to deaths in Canada, the US and the UK.

Kenneth Law, 57, was arrested in the Toronto area and is accused of sending 1,200 packages to more than 40 countries.

It is not known if they all contained the toxic substance.

Police in Canada say they began investigating the case more than a month ago following the sudden death of an adult in the Toronto area.

During that investigation they became aware of a second local death allegedly linked to Mr Law, who is accused of operating several companies offering the substance for sale.

Mr Law's arrest comes after a recent investigation by the Times alleged he had links to at least four deaths in the UK.

The NCA has confirmed that it was contacted by the Canadian authorities via Interpol with details of people who may have used Mr Law's website.

It has asked forces across the country to carry out welfare visits to addresses which may have received parcels, though it is not clear how many are involved.

Deputy Chief Mark Andrews of Peel Police said his team are working with other forces internationally to see if more charges might be laid.

"We believe there could be more victims", he said.

Mr Law is due to appear in court on 9 May.

Speaking to Canada's Globe and Mail newspaper last week, Mr Law defended his actions and said that he sold a legal product.

"What the person does with it? I have no control," he told the newspaper.

Under Canada's criminal code, counselling or aiding a person to die by suicide can result in a 14-year prison sentence.

A recent study linked the poisonous substance to at least 20 deaths in the UK between January 2020 and February 2022.

It is not known how they obtained the chemical.

An off-duty police officer who was shot multiple times in Omagh, County Tyrone, has suffered life-changing injuries, the chairman of Northern Ireland's Police Federation has said.

Det Ch Insp John Caldwell was shot by two gunmen after coaching children at football on Wednesday.

Police said he was with his son, putting balls in the boot of his car, when he was shot at about 20:00 GMT.

He remains in a critical but stable condition in hospital.

He had surgery on the night of the shooting and it is understood the 48-year-old underwent further surgery on Thursday.

Three men - aged 38, 45, and 47 - were arrested in Omagh and Coalisland, also in County Tyrone. They remain in custody.

A fourth man, aged 22, was arrested in the Coalisland area in the early hours of Friday morning, police later said.

Liam Kelly, the head of the federation, said Det Ch Insp Caldwell always wants to give back to society.

"He's been involved in coaching with children over a long period of time and this is how he's been rewarded by terrorists - it's an absolute disgrace," he added.

PSNI Assistant Chief Constable Mark McEwan said the investigation was looking at links to violent dissident republicans, with a focus on the New IRA.

But he said police were keeping an open mind and will continue to work against those with "callous disregard" for the community.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. 'The one phone call you never want to get' - police chief

Political leaders including Prime Minister Rishi Sunak, Northern Ireland Secretary Chris Heaton-Harris and Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Leo Varadkar have condemned the shooting.

In Northern Ireland, senior politicians Michelle O'Neill, Sir Jeffrey Donaldson, Naomi Long, Doug Beattie and Colum Eastwood issued a joint statement calling it a reprehensible attack by "the enemies of our peace".

They are expected to meet the PSNI's Chief Constable Simon Byrne on Friday to discuss the current threat level, Sinn Féin deputy leader Ms O'Neill said.

Children at the Killyclogher Road sports complex ran in "sheer terror" when the shots rang out, ACC McEwan told a press conference.

"John was finishing up coaching an under-15 football team. He was accompanied by his young son," he said.

"Two gunmen appeared, fired multiple shots and John ran a short distance and, as he fell to the ground, gunmen continued to fire shots at him."

ACC McEwan paid tribute to a member of the public who administered first aid to the injured officer.

"At this time there were many other children. Those children ran for cover in sheer terror."

BBC News NI understands that Det Ch Insp John Caldwell got up after being shot multiple times and warned children away from the area.

Chief Constable Simon Byrne said PSNI officers were shocked and angered by the brazen attack, and it had sent a "huge shockwave" across the organisation.

"John knows that his colleagues will now be working tirelessly around the clock to support his recovery but also to bring the offenders who have tried to kill him to swift justice," the chief constable said.

The term "dissident republicans" describes a range of individuals who do not accept the Good Friday Agreement - the 1998 peace deal which ended the worst of the Troubles in Northern Ireland.

The Provisional IRA - the main armed republican paramilitary group for most of the Troubles - declared a ceasefire in the run up to the agreement and officially ended its violent campaign in 2005.

Dissident republicanism is made up of various groups which broke away from the Provisional IRA in the 1980s, 1990s and 2000s, including the Continuity IRA and New IRA.

The groups are much smaller than the Provisional IRA, although they have access to high-calibre weapons and have used improvised explosive devices and mortars in attacks and attempted attacks.

They have continued to use violence to attempt to unite Northern Ireland with the Republic of Ireland in a single state but their activities have been sporadic and often undermined by the security services.

The New IRA is thought to be the largest and the most active of the armed groups that oppose the peace process in Northern Ireland.

Attacks, particularly attacks of this nature, are relatively rare.

This car near a farmyard on the Racolpa Road outside Omagh is thought to have been used by the gunmen and was later burnt out

Northern Ireland officers work against "a backdrop of substantial threat" and the PSNI would do everything to support them, ACC McEwan added.

Police believe the gunmen made off in a small, dark car, which was found burnt out at Racolpa Road, outside Omagh.

An Garda Síochána (Irish police) said it had intensified patrolling in border counties.

The last gun attack on a PSNI officer was in January 2017. The PSNI officer was hit by automatic gunfire at a petrol station in north Belfast.

Forensics officers examine Det Ch Insp Caldwell's car at the sports complex where he was shot

Fifteen pupils from Omagh High School were at the sports complex at the time of the shooting, principal Christos Gaitatzis said.

Mr Gaitatzis said two pupils were beside Det Ch Insp Caldwell when he was shot and he was "sickened to the stomach" by the attack.

"Some pupils did not make it to school," he told the BBC's Talkback programme.

"It is very difficult as some of the children were next to the son of John and were helping him to get sports equipment out of the car. They saw everything."

The children had been left "numb" and it was very hard for them to comprehend what had happened, he added.

Beragh Swifts FC was holding a training session at Youth Sport Omagh when the gun attack happened.

Its chairman Ricky Lyons said that it was "hard to put into words" what the children had witnessed.

He said the children were being offered support and the Irish Football Association (IFA) had been in touch to offer counselling.

He said Det Ch Insp John Caldwell had been coaching at the centre for about 10 years.

"He was taking a kids training session - it's hard to compute that someone would try to attempt to kill John at that moment," he told BBC Evening Extra.

It is no surprise to learn the chief suspects in the attack are the New IRA.

After years on the backfoot the organisation re-emerged with a bomb attack on a police patrol in Strabane last November.

The attack on John Caldwell is the most serious incident involving the targeting of an officer for many years.

You probably need to go back to 2011 and the murder of Ronan Kerr for anything comparable.

Last night will be seen not only as an attack on a police officer but an officer who has been directly involved in investigating dissident republicans.

About a year ago, on the advice of MI5, the security threat level was downgraded for the first time in over a decade.

In that context, the shock being felt within the PSNI today will likely be magnified.

Melissa Joan Hart said this is the second time a mass shooting had occurred in her community

US actress Melissa Joan Hart has said she helped children flee after the Nashville school shooting.

In an emotional video on Instagram, Hart said her children go to school near The Covenant School, where an attacker opened fire on Monday.

The Sabrina The Teenage Witch actress said she and her husband helped a class of kindergartners escape and reunite with their families.

Three children and three adults were killed in the shooting.

The children were nine-year-old pupils at the Christian private school. The adults were all staff members.

Hart said that she and her husband were in the area on their way to attend conferences at their children's school when the shooting unfolded on Monday morning.

They then assisted with family reunification efforts as pupils from The Covenant School began to flee.

"We helped a class of kindergartners across a busy highway. They were climbing out of the woods. They were trying to escape the shooter situation at their school," Hart said, appearing visibly upset.

"So we helped all these tiny little kids cross the road and get their teachers over there, and we helped a mom reunite with her children."

This Instagram post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original post on Instagram The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip instagram post by melissajoanhart This article contains content provided by Instagram. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Meta’s Instagram cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Hart noted that this is the second time a mass shooting had occurred in her community.

She previously lived in Connecticut and her children attended a school near Sandy Hook, where a gunman opened fire and killed 20 children in 2012.

"This is our second experience with a school shooting with our kids being in close proximity," she said.

"I just don't know what to say anymore," she added later in the video. "It is just, enough is enough. Just pray. Pray for the families."

The Nashville shooter has been identified by police as 28-year-old Audrey Hale, a former student of the school.

Officers said Hale was armed with at least two assault-style weapons and a handgun, all of which were purchased legally. The suspect was killed by police shortly after the shooting began.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: 'No parent should have to receive that call'

The boy was attacked near the school where he was a pupil

There are renewed concerns over levels of violence in French schools after two young teenagers were the victims of attacks, one of them fatal.

A 15-year-old boy named as Shamseddin died in hospital on Friday.

The news came a day after he was beaten by a group of youths near his school in Viry-Chatillon, in the southern Paris suburbs.

"This extreme violence is becoming commonplace," said the town mayor, Jean-Marie Vilain.

Mr Vilain told French media the boy was walking home after a music class at about 16:30 local time on Thursday when he was set upon by a group of youths.

According to witnesses, he was punched and kicked by the attackers, who were wearing balaclavas.

He was taken to the Necker hospital, a top paediatric hospital in Paris, but doctors were unable to save his life.

One 17-year-old teenager has been arrested by French police in the Viry-Chatillon murder case, the local prosecutor announced later. Police are still looking for other assailants.

On Tuesday, in another incident in the southern city of Montpellier, a 14-year-old girl named as Samara was placed in an artificial coma after she was beaten by a group shortly after leaving school.

Three adolescents - a girl and two boys of roughly the same age as Samara - have been arrested and admitted taking part in the attack, police said. Samara has since regained consciousness.

The girl's mother told French media that Samara had been bullied by another girl at the school because she refused to follow Islamic dress codes.

"Samara puts on a bit of make-up. And this other girl wears the headscarf. All the time, she kept calling her an unbeliever," she said on French television on Wednesday.

"My daughter dresses like a European. Every day there were insults. It was physically and psychologically unbearable."

However, the prosecutor's office in its initial report on the attack made no mention of a religious connection, saying the background was an argument over photographs shared on Snapchat.

And speaking Thursday evening on another French television channel, Samara's mother read out a statement accusing the far-right of trying to use the attack to their own advantage.

"My daughter is a practising pious Muslim. She fasts during Ramadan and prays five times a day. Please do not use us to sully the name of our religion," she said.

The attacks have further heightened concerns about violence in schools, against a background of gangs, cyber-bullying and pressure to conform to Islamic rules.

Last week, the headteacher of a school in Paris resigned saying he feared for his life after receiving death threats for telling a girl to remove her head covering in accordance with French law.

In the same week, several schools had to shut because of hoax bomb threats made by people claiming to be Islamic radicals.

In recent years, two teachers have been murdered by Islamist radicals.

Samuel Paty was decapitated on the street in a Paris suburb in 2020, while Dominique Bernard was killed at his school in Arras in October last year.

Earlier on Friday, French President Emmanuel Macron said schools needed to be "shielded" from "uninhibited violence among our teenagers and sometimes among increasingly younger ones".

Reacting to the two attacks, Marine Le Pen of the hard-right National Rally said: "When will the government finally sit up and take the full measure of the savagery which is gnawing at our society?"

Jean-Marie Vilain, the mayor of Viry-Chatillon, was in tears as he spoke to journalists of the death of Shamseddin, who - he said - left a mother and a younger sister with their lives in ruins.

"We have to teach our children that there is good and there is bad. And when you do something bad, you get punished. And maybe we need to learn again how to punish," he said.

Alexander Malkevich (pictured) is a close associate of the head of the Wagner group, Yevgeny Prigozhin

While Russia's notorious Wagner mercenaries have been at the forefront of fighting in Ukraine's ravaged eastern town of Bakhmut, a close associate of Wagner boss Yevgeny Prigozhin has been involved in another battle - for the hearts and minds of people in occupied areas behind the front lines.

Alexander Malkevich has helped set up pro-Russian TV stations in key areas captured since the start of the full-scale invasion in February 2022.

Through his links to Prigozhin the media boss has been involved in projects spreading Russian influence from Africa to the US and he is under Western sanctions for spreading disinformation.

Formally, Malkevich's job is running state-funded TV in Prigozhin's home city, St Petersburg. But in the summer of 2022 he moved to then-occupied parts of Ukraine, making the southern city of Kherson his base.

His main task was to set up pro-Russian television stations in regions captured since the start of the full-scale invasion. He has masterminded Tavria TV in Kherson, Za TV in Melitopol and Mariupol 24 in the eastern Donetsk region.

Alexander Malkevich (right) has recruited underage reporters for his propaganda channels

The channels' reporting strictly follows the Kremlin's propaganda narratives. For example, a recent programme aired by Tavria TV reminded its viewers of the reasons given by Moscow to justify its war against Ukraine. "Russian President Vladimir Putin says the special military operation was a forced step, because Moscow had been left with no other choice. Such security risks had been created for Russia that no other reaction was possible," it said.

One major obstacle facing Malkevich was an acute shortage of people willing and able to work for his channels.

To train staff, he opened a "media school" in Kherson, became head of the journalism department at the local university and authored a textbook for aspiring media workers in Russian-occupied parts of Ukraine, called "Real Russian journalism for new regions".

Some of his students joined his TV stations before becoming legally adults. Two reporters who started working for Za TV and Tavria TV respectively were both employed at the age of just 16. The BBC has chosen not to identify the two girls because of their age.

One of the teens is known as "Russia's youngest war reporter" and got an award from President Vladimir Putin

But Malkevich's stint in Kherson was short-lived. Shortly before the city was retaken by Ukrainian forces in November, he fled along with some equipment and staff. While evacuating, they came under fire, and one staff member (a Russian journalist and former FSB operative) was killed.

One of the teen reporters was wounded during the shelling, and was later presented with an Order of Bravery by President Putin at a ceremony in the Kremlin.

Malkevich first rose to relative prominence in 2018, when he launched USA Really - a website set up in the US by RIA FAN, which, in turn, is the most prominent outlet in the stable of propaganda and disinformation media associated with Yevgeny Prigozhin, the Wagner head once dubbed "Putin's chef" because he supplied food to the Kremlin.

PRIGOZHIN: From Putin's chef to head of Russia's private army

RIA FAN grew out of Prigozhin's infamous "troll factory", which spread pro-Kremlin views across social media and the internet from offices in St Petersburg.

But USA Really failed to take off, and Malkevich was briefly detained and questioned by the US authorities and later sanctioned for "facilitating Prigozhin's global influence operations".

A year after launching USA Really, Malkevich was back in St Petersburg, where he set up another propaganda venture, a foundation, reportedly with a spin doctor linked to Yevgeny Prigozhin.

Melkevich is a close associate of Yevgeny Prigozhin (left), the Wagner chief known as "Putin's chef"

The Foundation for National Values Protection sent a man named Maxim Shugalei to Libya, ostensibly to research public opinion. The same man had been involved the previous year in Russian meddling in presidential elections in Madagascar, which saw one candidate offered a suitcase stuffed with cash, according to a BBC investigation.

While in Libya, one of Shugalei's engagements included a meeting with Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, the son of the late deposed leader Col Muammar Gaddafi. Soon afterwards, in May 2019, he was arrested on suspicion of interfering in Libya's affairs on Prigozhin's behalf.

One Libyan intelligence officer told the BBC: "If Russia had its way, we would have had Saif Gaddafi giving his victory speech in Tripoli's famous Martyrs' Square."

Shugalei was freed in December 2020 and claimed in an interview that he had only been released because Prigozhin had sent "several thousand fighters" to Tripoli.

While in charge of the propaganda foundation, Malkevich also campaigned for the release of Maria Butina, a Russian agent sentenced to 18 months in jail in the US for attempting to infiltrate American political groups.

When she returned to Russia, Butina became an "expert" at the foundation, and when Shugalei came back from Libyan captivity, he replaced Malkevich as its head.

But Malkevich's links to Prigozhin's organisations remained. For example, his video programme for RIA FAN, called "Just A Minute", continued at least until September 2022, and the latest of his numerous interviews with the outlet is dated February 2023.

Malkevich's work in Ukraine did not go unnoticed by the Russian government. In January 2023, Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin rewarded him for "organising TV broadcasting in territories which are being liberated."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Israel has carried out air strikes on Gaza in response to rocket fire from Palestinian militants, as Israeli forces completed their withdrawal from Jenin in the occupied West Bank.

It follows a major two-day operation inside the city's refugee camp which killed 12 Palestinians.

An Israeli soldier was also killed on Tuesday night during the withdrawal, which triggered more gun battles.

Early on Wednesday, the military said it intercepted five rockets from Gaza.

Shrapnel from one of the interceptor missiles damaged a house in the southern Israeli town of Sderot.

No militant group immediately claimed that it was behind the launches, but the Israeli military said fighter jets struck an underground weapons manufacturing facility used by Hamas, which governs Gaza, as well as a raw materials manufacturing facility for rockets.

The military said it held "the Hamas terrorist organisation responsible for all terror activities emanating from the Gaza Strip and will face the consequences of security violations against Israel".

On Tuesday afternoon, Hamas described a car-ramming and stabbing attack in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv as a "natural response" to the Jenin operation.

Israeli authorities said seven people were injured on a busy shopping street and that the attacker was a Palestinian man from the West Bank. He was shot dead by a civilian.

Israel's Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, said: "Whoever thinks that such an attack will deter us from continuing our fight against terrorism is mistaken."

He also warned that the Jenin operation would not be a "one-time action".

"We will continue as long as necessary to uproot terrorism. We will not allow Jenin to go back to being a city of refuge for terrorism," he added.

Palestinian leaders accused Israel of mounting an "invasion" in Jenin.

An Israeli military spokesman told the BBC on Wednesday morning that "the operation is officially over, and the soldiers have left the Jenin area".

The military launched its operation in Jenin refugee camp early on Monday with a drone strike that it said targeted a joint command centre of the Jenin Brigades - a unit made up of different militant groups, including Hamas.

Drones carried out further air strikes as hundreds of troops entered the camp and engaged in intense gun battles with armed Palestinians inside the camp.

The military said the "counter-terrorism operation" was focused on seizing weapons and "breaking the safe haven mindset of the camp".

Several thousand Palestinian families fled Jenin refugee camp during the operation

At a news conference in Geneva on Tuesday, a spokeswoman for the UN's humanitarian office said it was "alarmed at the scale of air and ground operations that are taking place in Jenin and continuing today in the West Bank, and especially [the] air strikes hitting a densely populated refugee camp".

She said the Palestinian health ministry had confirmed that three children - two 17-year-old boys and a 16-year-old boy - were among those killed, and warned that damage to infrastructure meant most of the camp now had no drinking water or electricity.

The World Health Organization said Palestinian ambulance crews had been prevented from entering parts of the camp, including to reach people who were critically injured. The health ministry has said more than 140 Palestinians have been injured, 30 of them critically.

A Palestinian Red Crescent official said about 3,000 Palestinians, including many sick and elderly, were allowed overnight to flee the drone strikes and gun battles between Israeli troops and armed Palestinians.

A man in a wheelchair who was escorted out of the camp with his family in the morning told the BBC that they had been held in a room by Israeli troops.

"We were encircled by a military barricade. Israeli soldiers came. Now we just went out. There were no people left in the camp. We were the only ones."

He added: "It's been a very difficult situation. The drone was shooting at us. Now we've just left. And we're all tired. We've had no food... No drink."

Outside a hospital in the nearby city centre, Palestinians protesters threw stones at an Israeli military vehicle, prompting it to fire tear gas in response.

Medical charity Médecins Sans Frontières complained that paramedics had been forced to proceed on foot because Israeli military bulldozers had destroyed many roads, stripping them of tarmac.

In an interview with CNN on Tuesday night, chief military spokesman Rear Admiral Daniel Hagari said that no non-combatants had been killed during the operation.

He also said he had seen ambulances driving freely inside the camp during the day, adding: "We are assisting those ambulances to evacuate the wounded."

The admiral said bulldozers had dug up about 2km (1.2 miles) of roads inside the camp along which militants had concealed explosive devices, putting civilians and troops at risk.

The Israeli military says its bulldozers dug up streets to remove explosive devices planted by militants

Jenin has become a stronghold of a new generation of Palestinian militants who have become deeply frustrated by the West Bank-based Palestinian Authority's aging leadership and the restrictions of the Israeli occupation.

The city has seen repeated Israeli military raids in the past year as local Palestinians have carried out deadly attacks on Israelis. Other Palestinian attackers have hidden there.

Palestinian Prime Minister Mohammed Shtayyeh rejected statements from foreign governments saying that Israel had the right to defend itself.

"Israel is internationally recognised as the occupying power over our land and people," he tweeted. "[It] should be condemned for its use of force to destroy the camp's infrastructure, facilities, and homes, and to kill, arrest, and displace innocent people."

"It is the Palestinian people that have the right to self-defence. There is no such right for an occupying power," he added.

The recent anonymous complaint to the council says the new door colour is still a shade of pink

An Edinburgh woman who was ordered to repaint her pink door is facing a new council investigation over its latest colour.

Miranda Dickson, 48, recently painted her door in the New Town "an off-white" after a previous green makeover was rejected by planners.

But Edinburgh Council has now received a fresh complaint that the door is back to pink.

Last year Ms Dickson faced a £20,000 fine if she did not change the colour.

Ms Dickson told BBC Scotland she was stunned by the latest development.

She said: "I am speechless that someone has complained about this colour as far as I was concerned this chapter in my life was closed.

"I'm shocked and distraught about it. It is definitely not the same colour as it was originally painted - it's an off-white.

"I feel bullied and that it has now become personal."

Ms Dickson first received an enforcement notice last year which said her pink door did not meet the standards of a house in the World Heritage Site.

It stated she must repaint it to its original colour of white or apply for planning permission.

Miranda Dickson says her door is not "bright pink" as the complaint letter stated

After an appeal failed she applied for planning permission to paint it green.

In April, before she received the outcome of her application, she painted the door green because she was near the fine deadline if it remained pink.

Last week planners rejected the green colour so she painted it an "off-white" and applied again for retrospective planning permission.

But in a fresh twist the council said it had received a new complaint that the door was again pink.

Ms Dickson has previously said she was confused why she was being issued an enforcement notice when there were many other brightly coloured doors in the area.

But the council said it could only act where it had received a complaint.

Ms Dickson says there are other brightly painted doors in her neighbourhood which is a conservation area - her door (before it was repainted) is bottom left

Ms Dickson had spent 18 months renovating her childhood home in Drummond Place after her parents died.

The mother-of-two, who is a brand director in the drinks industry, moved back to Edinburgh two years ago after working in the US for nine years.

She had been told that she had until 7 January to change the colour of her front door after a complaint led to a council enforcement notice, which she appealed.

Ms Dickson said she had looked up the council's guidelines online before she painted the door.

She said that when she first received a warning letter from the council last year, she asked which colours would be allowed.

Miranda Dickson next to the door when it was repainted green - which was also rejected by planners

The chief planning officer wrote back telling her to "stick to traditional colours" like dark red, dark grey, sage green, dark blue or black.

But then she received a council enforcement letter in October telling her to paint her door white.

"It's not like my door is in a bad condition," she said.

"It costs a lot of money to have the front door painted because they are very large. It's not a quick job.

"The council needs to act with more clarity over paint colour."

A City of Edinburgh Council spokeswoman said: "We have received a complaint alleging that the door has been repainted pink. We're currently looking into this and so can't say more at this time."

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Thank you for following the latest in this developing story with us today.

To recap, police announced this evening that officers had discovered a baby's remains in a wooded area this afternoon.

The body was found close to where Constance Marten and Mark Gordon were arrested on Monday night - but police have not confirmed that the baby is theirs.

The pair remain in custody after Sussex Police were granted a 36-hour extension to continue their questioning.

Det Supt Lewis Bashford, one of the officers overseeing the case, said the outcome of the search was one police "had hoped would not happen".

A post-mortem will also be conducted in due course.

Police also extended their condolences to the baby's extended family, and thanked members of the public for their help throughout the search.

The page was brought to you by Jasmine Andersson, Laura Gozzi, Gem O'Reilly, Lauren Turner and Nathan Williams.

Yevgeny Prigozhin has issued a series of angry statements at the Russian government in recent months

Russia's Wagner Group boss says Moscow has agreed to his demands for more ammunition, days after he threatened to withdraw his men from Bakhmut.

On Thursday, Yevgeny Prigozhin attacked his Russian partners in a gruesome, expletive-filled rant, filmed among dozens of Wagner troops' corpses.

The next day he said Wagner fighters would leave Bakhmut by 10 May.

But on Sunday Prigozhin said Moscow had agreed to provide the supplies "needed to continue fighting" in the city.

Prigozhin's apparent U-turn is not a huge surprise. He is a publicity seeker who has not followed through on previous threats.

Russian troops and fighters from Wagner, a private military company, have been trying to capture Bakhmut for months - despite its questionable strategic value.

Western officials believe thousands of Russian and Wagner troops have been killed in the fighting, and the eastern Ukrainian city has become a symbolic prize.

Yet - although Russian troops and Wagner fighters are on the same side - it is an uneasy alliance.

Prigozhin has regularly criticised Russian officials for what he claims is a lack of front-line support.

In his new statement, Prigozhin claimed that Gen Sergei Surovikin - who commanded Russia's forces in Ukraine between October and January - had been appointed to liaise between Russia's regular military and Wagner mercenaries.

"This is the only man with the star of an army general who knows how to fight," Prigozhin said. "No other army general is reasonable."

While Prigozhin didn't expressly reverse his pledge to withdraw troops from Bakhmut, he said his forces had been given permission to "act in Bakhmut as we see fit" - appearing to suggest they will remain.

The Kremlin has not commented on Prigozhin's latest statement.

Wagner has its own set of commanders, objectives and motivations, and Prigozhin is widely believed to hold his own domestic political ambitions.

Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu and Chief of the General Staff Valery Gerasimov have often been the focus for his anger, amid reports of infighting among different power groups in Vladimir Putin's entourage.

In his statement on Thursday, Prigozhin raged: "Shoigu! Gerasimov! Where is the... ammunition?... They came here as volunteers and die for you to fatten yourselves in your mahogany offices."

And he said Wagner's casualties were "growing in geometrical progression every day" because of the lack of ammunition.

At the time, Ukrainian officials expressed scepticism that Prigozhin truly intended to withdraw his forces from Bakhmut.

Deputy Defence Minister Hanna Maliar said on Friday that Wagner was actually redeploying mercenaries towards Bakhmut in a bid to capture the city before Tuesday's Victory Day celebrations in Russia.

In other developments in Ukraine and Russia:

These buildings in Bakhmut are amongst the thousands destroyed across Ukraine as a result of the war with Russia

Ukraine's economy will need external help for many years to come, a senior World Bank official has told the BBC.

The war-torn country "also has a lot of potential to turn a lot of its assets into economic opportunity and recovery", according to Anna Bjerde.

The managing director for operations was talking before a major international conference in London on rebuilding Ukraine's economy.

Last year the country's economy shrank 29% to just over $140bn (£109bn).

The World Bank and other multilateral development bodies are playing a key role in the Ukraine Recovery Conference which is focusing on the role the private sector can play in rebuilding the country.

The total reconstruction bill was estimated at $411bn in March but continued fighting with Russia means that will now be higher.

The conference will start on Wednesday, hearing from the co-hosts, UK Prime Minister Rishi Sunak and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky.

Mr Sunak is set to announce $3bn in World Bank loan guarantees, and will tell the delegates: "As we've seen in Bakhmut and Mariupol, what Russia cannot take it will seek to destroy. They want to do the same to Ukraine's economy."

"President Zelensky's government is determined to drive reforms to become more open, more transparent and ready for investment."

When asked about the conference in a BBC interview, Mr Zelensky said: "On the larger scale we are speaking about the transformation of Ukraine. This is Ukraine not only with its energy and agriculture and industrial complexes, but with its reforms we can see. This is the digitalisation of our country."

He also thanked the UK government and the people for their support of Ukraine since the start of a full-scale invasion by Russia in February 2022.

Rishi Sunak and Volodymyr Zelensky, seen meeting at May's G7 summit in Japan, will both address the Ukraine Recovery Conference seeking help for the economy

In the immediate term Ukraine needs $14bn from international donors to get through this year.

Ms Bjerde says this will go towards "essential social expenditures" such as pension payments, healthcare and salaries for doctors and teachers. It will also help fund urgent repairs that are needed to infrastructure such as roads and the power system that are crucial for the battered economy to function.

Despite the difficulties that many economies around the world are suffering as a result of the war in Ukraine Ms Bjerde is hopeful that the funding will be forthcoming. "I think there's been a huge level of commitment shown to Ukraine, and I think that will continue. Ukraine is just too important."

The World Bank's Anna Bjerde says Ukraine will need economic support for many years to come

The billions of dollars poured in so far have "helped arrest what otherwise would have been even more devastating humanitarian impacts on the country", she says, adding that Ukraine will also need to help itself.

That may prove difficult given that agriculture is a crucial source of income for Ukraine. It is a major global source of crops including wheat, sunflower and corn. Despite a deal to facilitate some exports, which is set to expire next month, output is expected to fall to around 45 million tonnes from 53 million in 2022.

Some of that is because damaged infrastructure makes it harder to get goods out of Ukraine.

Ukraine's economy has been held back by Russian attacks on infrastructure such as these rail tracks in Kharkiv

Those challenges have been highlighted in a survey from the American Chamber of Commerce in Ukraine (AmCham Ukraine). It shows that 49% of companies have suffered damage to their buildings. It also found that 32% of companies have had staff killed, and 27% staff had injured during 15 months of fighting.

Nonetheless it also found 63% of companies intend to invest in new projects, plants or facilities and 74% want to create jobs for Ukrainians in existing projects.

AmCham Ukraine's President Andy Hunder pointed to some of the issues that will be addressed at the conference in London. He told the BBC that "the majority of businesses in Ukraine don't plan to make claims for war damages until proper and clear compensation mechanisms are developed and eventually implemented".

Coca-Cola's factory in Kyiv was damaged early in the war but has since been reopened

The two-day meeting of business leaders and politicians will also look at if a war insurance scheme can be put into place to encourage some of the private sector investment that the World Bank says is vital to rebuilding the economy.

In a separate survey it found firms have seen an average 53% drop in sales compared with pre-war 2021. It reported that larger companies have suffered more disruption that smaller firms.

Whilst big companies including Coca-Cola, Mondelez and Unilever have seen their buildings damaged some have already started spending money on rebuilding in Ukraine.

For that to continue Mr Hunder says "comprehensive war risk insurance for investors has a key role to play to secure investment in Ukraine's rebuilding and recovery".

Major US financial firms Blackrock and JP Morgan are helping Ukraine's government secure private sector investment for rebuilding. That will be key to providing the jobs and innovation that will drive Ukraine's recovery according to the World Bank's Ms Bjerde.

"Even if the war was to end today, there will be an adjustment period, the economy has changed a lot. Poverty in Ukraine has gone up, the dynamics and the demographics have changed. So there will need to be support for the time to come".

After losing in a very public way to one of the most famous women in the world, Terry Sanderson has lamented that this trial means he's "going to be on the internet forever".

So who was he before he decided to take on Gwyneth Paltrow?

The former US army captain and retired optometrist filed suit against Paltrow in 2019, three years after their skiing collision in Utah.

Sanderson, 76, says he has never been injured in more than 30 years of skiing.

In trial, a doctor testified that he led an active retirement.

“Terry had been a high-functioning, active person,” neuroradiology specialist Dr Wendell Gibby told the court. “Every day he was doing lots of things. Meeting groups, wine tasting, skiing, volunteering."

But after the accident, Sanderson said he was unable to enjoy life.

On the stand, one of his adult daughters said her father has become "obsessed" with getting an apology from Paltrow, and that his mood changed after the accident.

Another daughter said before the accident he was "outgoing" but is now "easily frustrated".

Paltrow's team said in court that a third daughter, who gave a deposition, said she had not spoken to her father in years because he could be verbally abusive.

Lawyer Steve Owens claimed she said he would be "dishonest for money and notoriety".

Last updated on .From the section Tennis

Britain's Emma Raducanu overcame a disrupted build-up to earn a gutsy first-round win at Indian Wells, despite deciding only 20 minutes before the start to play.

The 2021 US Open champion, ranked 77th, faces Poland's Magda Linette next at the prestigious tournament.

"I didn't feel too good this morning," she told BBC Radio 5 Sports Extra.

"I'm just so happy with the way I fought and dealt with the circumstances.

"I just woke up feeling not great to be honest. I felt quite ill so I'm just happy to have played the match and then to win it despite how I felt today.

"Today before the match, I did not warm up. Two minutes before I was called I was sleeping in the treatment room so I'm just proud to have got out there and then won."

In the men's draw, Andy Murray defeated Tomas Etcheverry 6-7 (5-7) 6-1 6-4 to reach the second round while fellow Briton Jack Draper needed just 55 minutes to win his opener, beating Switzerland's Leandro Riedi 6-1 6-1 to set up a meeting with compatriot Dan Evans.

Indian Wells is one of the biggest events outside of the four Grand Slam tournaments.

Since sensationally winning the US Open as a virtually unknown teenage qualifier, Raducanu has been unable to build on that success as her progress continues to be stalled by fitness problems.

Various injuries over the course of 2022 wrecked her chances of finding momentum in her first full year on the WTA Tour and the wrist problem that ended her season returned to threaten her participation in Indian Wells.

With tonsillitis also forcing her out of a tournament in Austin last week, the British number one summed up her fortunes by telling BBC Sport: "When it rains, it pours."

But an efficient victory over 62nd-ranked Kovinic - in Raducanu's first match since losing to Coco Gauff at the Australian Open - should help lift any lingering gloom.

Raducanu trailed 2-0 in each of the two sets, but grew in confidence as 28-year-old Kovinic produced a stream of errors.

Kovinic played some loose shots and struggled with her first-serve percentage in both sets, with Raducanu staying patient and playing smart to grind out a solid win.
• None Listen to all-new versions of their biggest hits and a surprising cover
• None Searching for new converts in Manchester: The Mormons Are Coming follows young missionaries during their make-or-break training

Security guards at Heathrow Airport's Terminal Five are to strike for 10 days from 31 March in a dispute over pay.

The Unite union says more than 1,400 of its members employed by Heathrow will walk out in a period which covers the school Easter holidays.

Workers at T5, used by British Airways and those who check cargo entering the airport, will take part in the action, ending on Easter Sunday.

Heathrow says contingency plans will be put in place to keep the airport open.

In a statement, Heathrow said passengers can be assured the airport will be "open and operational despite unnecessary threats of strike action by Unite".

The company said it had proposed "an inflation-beating 10% increase in pay".

But Unite says the offer does not make up for years of pay freezes and cuts.

Unite union secretary general Sharon Graham says workers at Heathrow Airport are on "poverty wages" while "the chief executive and senior managers enjoy huge salaries".

She said Unite members are "simply unable to make ends meet due to the low wages" and they are striking "due to need not greed".

"It is the airport's workers who are fundamental to its success and they deserve a fair pay increase," the Unite boss said.

It comes as more than 1,000 Passport Office workers announced they would go on strike for five weeks over a dispute about jobs, pay and conditions.

Members of the Public and Commercial Services union working across England, Scotland and Wales will walk out from 3 April to 5 May.

Meanwhile, those working in Belfast will strike from 7 April to 5 May.

The union warned of delays to applications and the delivery of passports in the run-up to summer, adding that the strike action was being targeted to cause mass disruption.

According to travel expert Simon Calder, at peak times - which includes April - the Passport Office can receive 250,000 applications per week. It means that more than one million applications could be sent during the strike period.

News of the strike has given rise to fears passports will not be processed in time for some people's holidays this summer.

The Home Office said it was disappointed with PCS's decision to walk out, adding that the strike does not affect its guidance which is still to allow up to 10 weeks to get a passport, with preparations under way to meet demand.

When the strike takes place at Heathrow T5 from 31 March, the airport will likely need to move resources from other areas.

The airport says the wage proposal on offer is fair, and "threatening to ruin people's hard-earned holidays with strike action will not improve the deal".

It said staff at Heathrow are paid at least the London Living Wage, while the starting salary for a security officer would be £27,754, plus shift pay and allowances, if its 10% offer is accepted.

Mhairi Black is one of six SNP MPs to announce they will quit at the next election

SNP MP Mhairi Black is stepping down at the next general election.

Ms Black, the party's deputy leader at Westminster, became the parliament's youngest MP since 1832 when she was elected aged 20 in 2015.

She is the sixth SNP MP to announce they will not contest the next election, which is expected to be held in 2024.

In a statement Ms Black, 28, described Westminster as an "outdated, sexist and toxic" working environment.

The Paisley and Renfrewshire South MP cited safety concerns, social media abuse and unsociable hours as she explained her decision.

"I have also made clear that I have no desire to have a long career in elected politics, and as we approach the next general election, I will have been elected for almost a decade," Ms Black said.

"I have dedicated a third of my life so far to Westminster - a truly unhealthy working environment."

She said it was "beyond demoralising" to see constituents "harmed by a UK government they never voted for".

The MP added: "Since 2015, the lives of my loved ones have been turned upside down and inside out.

"Between media attention, social media abuse, threats, constant travel, and the murders of two MPs, my loved ones have been in a constant state of anxiety for my health and safety."

Mhairi Black became the youngest MP in 300 years when she was elected in 2015

Ms Black, who married her partner Katie in June 2022, also said she wanted to spend more time with loved ones.

She said: "I will of course continue to represent my constituency to the best of my abilities, and I look forward to continuing to campaign for an independent Scotland and for the SNP at the general election, but I will do so as a campaigner rather than a candidate."

Humza Yousaf, the SNP leader and Scotland's first minister, described Ms Black as a "trailblazer" who was a "passionate supporter of independence, equality, social justice, and simply of trying to make life better for her constituents and the wider Scottish public".

He added: "She has also served as a role model for young people, especially women, with an interest or a desire to get involved in politics."

Mr Yousaf's predecessor, Nicola Sturgeon, said the announcement by the Paisley and Renfrewshire South MP was the "loss of a unique talent".

She added on Twitter: "I only hope it's temporary. The world needs more Mhairi Blacks in politics, not fewer."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. People in Mhairi Black's constituency share their reaction to news that she will step down as an MP

SNP Westminster leader Stephen Flynn tweeted that Ms Black is "in a class of her own".

Former SNP Westminster leader Ian Blackford has already announced he will be standing down at the next election.

Party colleagues Peter Grant, Angela Crawley, Douglas Chapman and Stewart Hosie are also set to quit.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Mhairi Black MP🏳️‍🌈 This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Ms Black defeated former Labour government minister Douglas Alexander as the SNP won a landslide north of the border in the 2015 election.

She successfully defended her seat in the 2017 and 2019 general elections.

The SNP MP's maiden speech – in which she paid tribute to her constituents and attacked benefit sanctions – was viewed online more than 10 million times within a week.

And early in her parliamentary career, she hit out at Westminster's "silly traditions", describing it as outdated.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

In 2018, she made headlines after detailing some of the abuse she received during a parliamentary debate on misogyny to mark International Women's Day.

She listed graphic misogynistic insults she had been sent during her time as an MP.

The next general election is due to be held by January 2025, with the autumn of next year seen as the most likely date.

Mhairi Black was a symbol of the SNP's landslide in 2015, the 20-year-old who conjured up a massive swing to unseat a Labour heavyweight in Douglas Alexander.

It wasn't just her youth. Her straight-talking style encompassed a lot of what the SNP wanted to be at Westminster - a renegade element in the Commons shaking things up and agitating for radical change.

But now, she is the latest in what is becoming a string of SNP members to announce they will not stand in the next election.

Is that too a symbol of something?

Labour are gearing up for a big push to try to retake ground from the SNP - Mr Alexander is targeting a comeback of his own, albeit in a different seat.

But Paisley and Renfrewshire South is fairly steady SNP territory these days, with Ms Black commanding a majority in excess of 10,000 votes in 2019 - or almost 25%.

The salient point may be that no SNP MP really wants to be at Westminster, and the question of independence has for years now been caught in a log-jam.

Perhaps what Ms Black fears isn't so much losing her seat - but the prospect of keeping it for the long term.

Scottish Conservative Chairman Craig Hoy MSP described Ms Black's announcement as "yet another damning verdict from a senior SNP MP on the failing leadership of both Humza Yousaf and Stephen Flynn".

He added: "It speaks volumes about how bitter those feuds have become that Mhairi Black has thrown in the towel, just a few months after agreeing to become deputy leader, and decided not to fight another election despite not yet turning 30."
• None Stewart Hosie to stand down at next election

I've never said this won't be difficult - Sunak

Laura tells the PM how the show’s production team is inundated with emails from viewers who say they can’t afford their rent and are struggling to pay the bills. For a fourth time, she asks if he’ll admit putting up interest rates will hurt people financially. He says he fully supports the Bank’s decisions to raise rates, and points out the UK is not alone in facing this challenge, with the US, Australia, Europe and elsewhere also pushing rates up. He says: "I’ve never said that this isn't going to be a difficult time to get through. “But what I want to give people the reassurance and confidence is, that we’ve got a plan, the plan will work and we will get through this.” Laura tells the PM he sounds like he’s reading a script - but he says that’s important context for people to understand why rates are going up.

Tears of relief as sisters reunite at Stansted Airport

After days of dread, fear and desperation, British families are now on rescue flights out of Sudan, making the 3,000-mile journey to safety.

At Stansted Airport, emotions ran high as relatives clutched flowers and waited to see whether their loved ones were on the next airport bus.

One little boy called out "mum" when he saw his mother get off the bus.

The arrivals, looking tired and relieved, were coming to the end of a very long and frightening journey.

Many will have risked their lives to travel - without any assistance - across Sudan's capital, Khartoum, during a fragile ceasefire to reach an airfield.

From there, they joined RAF planes taking them out of Sudan, away from the conflict and on to Cyprus. Then they were brought to the UK on a chartered flight and into the arms of waiting relatives.

As of around 22:00 BST on Wednesday six flights had evacuated 536 British nationals from Sudan, the Foreign Office said.

But there has been criticism of the slowness of the UK government's evacuations compared with other Western countries such as Germany, which completed its evacuations on Tuesday evening.

Home Secretary Suella Braverman said the government would be supporting British nationals and their dependents, but added there were no plans to introduce a legal route for people fleeing Sudan to claim asylum in the UK.

However, Alicia Kearns, chairwoman of the Commons foreign affairs select committee, said elderly people dependent on their British citizen children should be allowed on flights to the UK.

"In the same way we treat children who are dependent on their parents, we should respect that some elderly people are dependent on their children," she said.

Clashes between the Sudanese army and paramilitary group the Rapid Support Forces (RSF) began on 15 April. Hundreds of people have since died and thousands have been injured in the conflict.

A ceasefire began in Sudan at midnight local time on Monday, but is due to expire at the start of Friday.

Writing on Twitter, Foreign Secretary James Cleverly warned the UK could not guarantee how many further flights would depart once the ceasefire ends.

Airlifting large numbers of people out of Sudan has been complicated by major airports becoming battlegrounds, and movement out of the capital has been perilous.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: 'They were slow but they saved us'

One evacuee described seeing burnt houses and cars everywhere on her way to the airfield, just outside Khartoum. Others had seen dead bodies, she said.

But now, back in the UK and little over an hour from her home in Acton, west London, Nemar told gathered reporters of her happiness and pride at making it home.

"I am very happy to be here," she said. "The British government has been marvellous - I feel very proud that I have made it here," she added, before wrapping her arms around her sister in emotional scenes.

There were more tears or relief and joy at the airport, with people saying they finally felt safe and protected.

Tariq, who saw the building next to his shelled in Sudan, said: "We're very grateful to be alive."

He thanked the British government but said they should be trying to save more people.

"We don't know who's going to make it out. We are very lucky, but not everyone is as lucky as us," he added.

Shama, one of the first off the airport bus, told reporters and her family: "We're safe. We're in no danger - I'm back and no longer scared."

Asked about the speed of the British response to the violence in Sudan, she said: "It was slow but we're here."

Earlier at Larnaca Airport, in Cyprus - where Britons boarded their second flight - Shereen Soliman spoke of her relief at escaping Sudan.

"It was something else. I can't even describe," the mother and fashion designer told the BBC from the departure gates.

"It was bad, it was very bad, I even don't want to remember it."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Fleeing Sudan - first Britons to leave Cyprus for UK soil

Shereen was on a three-week holiday with her son Karim, 10, and eight-year-old daughter Diyalam, who were excited to be visiting family in their homeland when the fighting broke out.

"In two weeks they [her children] were asking me to go back to London."

Karim said: "We heard lots of gunshots while we were in the house. We also heard explosions. I saw men with guns but they were friendly because they were on our team."

But he said he was looking forward to being back in London because it was safe there.

However that has not been an option for all of the family. Others did not have the right to go to the UK with her, Shereen said.

"I had to leave my parents, my siblings, the whole family there. So I'm very worried about them. I really feel sorry for Sudan because it's my home, my country. I wanted my kids to feel safe there."

Asked how she felt about the British authorities' handling of the situation compared with the French and the Germans, she said: "They were slower than the others, but still they saved us.

"That's what matters, right?"

Her feelings were shared by fellow British national, Yahya Yahya, who has been trying to flee Sudan with his family since the fighting started 11 days ago.

He told the BBC it was "a very difficult time" and he was "thankful that we've finally made it to a safe place".

"The first day that the war started [I tried to leave the country], because I wanted to try and get my kids to a safe place," he said.

Asked about the delay in knowing that Britain would help evacuate its people, Yahya took a sharp intake of breath. "It was quite difficult, but it was ok," he said.

Other stories have emerged of timely escapes. One British man whose sister managed to be evacuated overnight told the BBC she felt overwhelming relief to have escaped Khartoum, where food and water have become scarce because it is not safe for people to leave their homes.

He said at one point she and 13 others had only four dates and one egg left to share between them.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: British nationals board UK military plane to be evacuated from Sudan

Brigadier Dan Reeve, the most senior military official overseeing the evacuation, said there was capacity to evacuate about 500 people a day.

He defended the decision not to escort people to the airport, even though some other countries have done this with their nationals.

He told the BBC: "This is not a race to get it wrong. In my professional judgement it would not be safe to bring people together in one location in Khartoum and seek to extract them.

"We've seen incidents of convoys being attacked."

Around 120 British troops are supporting the evacuation at the Wadi Seidna airstrip. Downing Street said the British military would defend the airfield in Sudan but clarified efforts would be made to avoid "active engagement" with other forces.

The government is also considering a seaborne evacuation from Port Sudan, some 500 miles from the capital. HMS Lancaster and RFA Cardigan Bay have been sent to the region.

Additional reporting by Nick Beake, Europe correspondent, and Nick Garnett, in Cyprus

At last year's Platinum Jubilee there was no place for Prince Harry or Prince Andrew

Even at this late stage there is no confirmation about which members of the Royal Family will be on the famous balcony of Buckingham Palace after the Coronation service.

This will be one of the most iconic images of the day so nothing will be accidental about how it is staged.

The lack of certainty about who will appear on this royal stage has been presented as keeping something back for the big day.

Or perhaps it might be a bit of news management to avoid "Prince Harry banned from balcony" headlines? Or more dramatically could there be options being kept open for last-minute, surprise changes?

The balcony has become a key moment for the Royal Family to send a message.

On Saturday afternoon, after the procession gets back from Westminster Abbey, the curtains will be pulled back and a number of invited guests will step out on to the palace balcony, looking out over the gates and at the crowd below.

There has been an expectation this will be used to highlight the core group of "working royals" - those family members who carry out official duties on behalf of the King.

As well as the King and Queen Consort, that would include close family such as the Prince and Princess of Wales, the Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh and Princess Royal, along with other working royals such as the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester and the Duke of Kent.

That approach would make a distinction from "non-working royals" - specifically Prince Harry and Prince Andrew, who a year ago were banished from the most recent balcony moment, for the late Queen Elizabeth's Platinum Jubilee.

The balcony line-up of the Royal Family in 2019 for Trooping the Colour

No such announcement has been made for the Coronation, although it has been confirmed that neither Prince Harry nor Prince Andrew will have any formal role in the ceremony in the Abbey.

For the Platinum Jubilee in 2022 there were 18 people on the balcony, including the late Queen, and her second appearance on the balcony in the closing moments of the weekend became one of the most poignant images.

Numbers had been cut back even further for the Diamond Jubilee in 2012, when only six people were on the balcony, in a show of frugality at a time of economic austerity.

Prince Harry will be attending the Coronation, and he's expected to make a quick turn-around before returning to the US, but there would be no bigger platform than the balcony for sending an image of a family reunited.

The balcony, like a framed photo in the royal album, could also be a way of emphasising the line of succession, bringing together the King, Prince William and his son Prince George.

Queen Elizabeth II made six balcony appearances after the coronation

Another possibility might be several appearances with different line-ups, like the family group permutations of wedding photos.

In 1953 for the late Queen Elizabeth's coronation there were six separate balcony appearances, with some of these including more than 30 family and friends.

Such a crowd scene would be unlikely to be the message for a modern monarchy wanting to project a smaller, more cost-conscious image.

Monarchs have been stepping out on to the palace balcony since Queen Victoria in 1851, using it as a showcase where royalty and the public can acknowledge each other.

Winston Churchill was one of the few politicians to appear on the balcony, seen here in 1945

Read the latest from our royal correspondent Sean Coughlan - sign up here.

Although it wasn't until the 1930s that the Royal Family began to wave back - and with a leap towards modernity, from the 1980s the balcony became the place where royal weddings were celebrated with a public kiss.

And even though there are no fixed rules, the palace balcony has acquired its own rituals. The monarch is almost always at the centre, with others fanning out around them in a courtly pecking order.

Traditionally it's only married partners of the Royal Family who appear, not current girlfriends or boyfriends, suggesting the sense of this being a permanent record.

This is very much a royal moment, but there have been rare occasions when political figures have appeared.

Wartime prime minister Winston Churchill was on the balcony to take the salute of the crowds when victory in Europe was declared in May 1945.

In 1938 prime minister Neville Chamberlain went on to the balcony after the signing of the ill-fated Munich Agreement with Nazi Germany.

On Saturday afternoon, we'll see who appears beside King Charles and Queen Camilla.

What are your plans for the Coronation weekend? Are you volunteering as part of The Big Help Out on Bank Holiday Monday? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

A pro-democracy campaigner who fled Hong Kong has told the BBC his life has become more dangerous because of a bounty offered for his arrest.

Nathan Law, who lives in the UK, is among eight exiled activists wanted by the territory's police.

Authorities are offering rewards of HK$1 million (£100,581; $127,637) for information leading to their capture.

Mr Law said he needed to be "more careful" about divulging his whereabouts as a result of the bounty.

The eight activists targeted are accused of colluding with foreign forces - a crime that can carry a sentence of life in prison. The offence comes under Hong Kong's draconian security law, which was imposed three years ago after widespread pro-democracy protests took place in 2019.

The UK's Foreign Secretary James Cleverly said the UK would "not tolerate any attempts by China to intimidate and silence individuals in the UK and overseas."

"We call on Beijing to remove the National Security Law and for the Hong Kong authorities to end their targeting of those who stand up for freedom and democracy," he said in a statement.

Under the national security law, hundreds of pro-democracy campaigners have been arrested and convicted in Hong Kong.

Beijing has said the law is needed to bring stability to the city, but critics say it is designed to squash dissent.

The eight named in this announcement are all based in the UK, the US and Australia - countries which do not have extradition treaties with China.

"They have committed very serious offences that endanger national security," Steven Li, chief superintendent of the national security department, said.

He added that while Hong Kong police could not arrest them while they remained abroad, they would not stop chasing them.

Mr Law, one of the most prominent figures in the pro-democracy movement, said that while he felt his situation was "relatively safe" in the UK, he would have to be more vigilant as a result of the bounty's announcement.

"There could possibly be someone in the UK - or anywhere else - to provide informations of me to (the Hong Kong authorities). For example, my whereabouts, where they could possibly extradite me when I'm transiting in certain countries," Mr Law said.

"All these things may put my life in to dangerous situations if I'm not careful enough of who I meet or where I go. It makes me have to live in a more careful life."

Writing on Twitter, Mr Law urged others not to cooperate with the authorities on the matter and said: "We should not limit ourselves, self-censor, be intimidated, or live in fear."

This sentiment was echoed by one of the other exiled activists - Anna Kwok, executive director of the Hong Kong Democracy Council - who said the bounty was aimed at intimidating her and her fellow activists.

"We are united in our fight for freedom and democracy in our home, Hong Kong," she said in a statement.

Australia's Foreign Minister Penny Wong said her government was "deeply disappointed" by the announcement and said Australia "remains deeply concerned by the continuing erosion of Hong Kong's rights, freedoms and autonomy."

The other six activists named in the announcement are Ted Hui, Dennis Kwok, Mung Siu-tat, Elmer Yuen, Finn Law and Kevin Yam.

You may also be interested in:

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

JavaScript seems to be disabled. Please enable JavaScript to take full advantage of iPlayer.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

A man who hosted a family fleeing the war in Ukraine has driven a mother and her two daughters 2,500 miles back to their home country.

Katya Voichenko has been living in the Moray town of Burghead since she arrived in Scotland nine months ago.

But with her children feeling homesick, Katya wanted to rejoin her partner Dima and son Leo in Ukraine.

So Danny Ralph and his friend Chris Harris decided the best thing to do was to take them home themselves.

Katya Voichenko came to Scotland last year with her daughters

Katya is from the city of Sumy, about 20 miles from the Russian border.

She came to Scotland last year with her daughters Masha and Ksyusha, and has been living in Danny's house in Burghead.

Katya said it had been a "difficult" decision to come to Scotland because of the uncertainty.

"We didn't know what we would have here, how it would be. It was scary," she said.

Katya said they ended up getting on very well with Danny and they enjoyed their time in Scotland.

She was able to keep up her hobby of pottery in Danny's house, even passing on some of that knowledge to her daughters.

But she acknowledged there were difficulties.

She said: "It's very difficult for mothers who had a full family in Ukraine before the war, but now they're raising children without the father, who's stayed in Ukraine.

"It's a really important reason why some people are going home."

Katya's partner and son had to stay in Ukraine when the war broke out. Men aged 18 to 60 were not allowed to leave as they were to prepare for service in the armed forces.

She said her own children were very homesick.

"They want to study in Ukraine. They want to work in the future in Ukraine," Katya said.

When Danny and Chris saw how Katya and her daughters were feeling, they decided to undertake a road trip.

"You're thinking about your own kids, your own bairns," Danny said.

"You do things for friends, and they're our friends."

They bought a van for the journey, which they plan to donate to charity when they get back to Scotland.

In addition to Katya and her daughters, they also used the van to carry children's clothes and medical supplies which they donated to a hospital in Kyiv.

And on the return journey, they are taking a group of 10 refugees back to Scotland.

The journey included a detour to Luxembourg so Katya could see her sister

The five-day journey to Ukraine included a detour to Luxembourg so Katya could see her sister, Leanna.

"The last time I saw my sister was in the beginning of the war," she said.

"It was terrible. We spent a lot of time in shelters under the house waiting for bombs."

There were tears at the emotional reunion - but they could not stop for long. The group then continued through Poland, stopping off in Poznan, before heading towards the border with Ukraine.

Once they got through the busy vehicle checkpoint, they drove on towards Kyiv on roads that had been bombed and rebuilt.

"It kind of goes bump bump bump... but they're putting it back together really quickly," said Danny.

It was dark when the van arrived in Kyiv, but there was a welcome party waiting for their arrival.

Katya's mother Nadia, partner Dima and son Leo now live in the city, and were there to greet them, clearly relieved to be reunited after nine months apart.

Mahek Bukhari (right) and her mother Ansreen are on trial with six others

A social media influencer accused of murdering two men "told a pack of lies" to police over her involvement in the crash that killed them, a court heard.

Mohammed Hashim Ijazuddin and Saqib Hussain, both 21, died on the A46 in Leicestershire in February 2022.

Mahek Bukhari, 23, her mother Ansreen Bukhari, 46, and six others are charged with their murder.

The prosecution said the group rammed the pair off the road to keep an affair between Ansreen and Mr Hussain secret.

All eight defendants deny two counts of murder and an alternative charge of manslaughter.

Prosecutor Collingwood Thompson KC told Leicester Crown Court Mahek Bukhari had been elusive when questioned about the fatal crash.

"Far from telling the police the truth, she told a pack of lies," he said.

"As a social media influencer, she no doubt hoped that her skills would enable her to sell a false story to the police."

Mohammed Hashim Ijazuddin (left) and Saqib Hussain died at the scene

At the opening of the retrial on Monday, the prosecution said Mr Hussain had been blackmailing his former lover with sexual videos and images from their affair.

It is claimed the defendants enticed him and his friend Mr Ijazuddin to Leicester for a meeting before ramming their car off the road, causing both men's deaths.

On Tuesday, the court heard after the crash at 01:35 GMT on 11 February, police worked with other forces to trace the Audi TT and Seat Leon the prosecution says were involved.

The jury was shown bodycam footage of officers visiting the Bukharis at their home in George Eardley Close, Stoke-on-Trent, about eight hours after the crash, having traced the Audi TT.

This came hours after co-defendant Natasha Akhtar, the owner of the Seat Leon, was arrested on her way back to her home in Birmingham.

Mr Thompson KC said while her brother was being asked about the car, Mahek Bukhari had a 14-minute call with co-defendant Raees Jamal.

Mahek Bukhari has denied two counts of murder

"It's not difficult to infer that Mahek Bukhari picked up on the fact that Raees Jamal had been trying to call her and she must've been telling him the police were in the house," the barrister said.

"He said Natasha Akhtar had been arrested and they were trying cobble some sort of story to deceive police."

Once it was established the pair had been in the Audi TT, Ms Bukhari claimed to officers she and her mother had been to Nottingham, which Mr Thompson KC said "was a lie".

The women were asked to hand over their phones and pin numbers.

However, Mahek Bukhari gave a false pin number and when officers tried to unlock it, her phone had reverted back to its factory settings with the data cleared, the court was told.

Detectives later retrieved messages and call logs from her phone after accessing her iCloud account, the court heard.

Both were arrested and transferred to Leicester to be interviewed under caution.

Collingwood Thompson KC said Mahek Bukhari told a number of lies to police in interview

The barrister said Mahek told police the pair had been intending to travel to Nottingham but ended up in Leicester due to roadworks.

When asked about Mr Hussain, the influencer claimed she had known him for three years and had his number as they had previously dated.

She then claimed he had been harassing and bullying her through her social media channels and demanded money to stop, explaining this was why they came to meet him at a Tesco car park in Hamilton, Leicester.

On the crash itself, she claimed the Skoda Fabia Mr Hussain and Mr Ijazuddin were in was "harassing" the blue Seat Leon but she did not see the impact.

She added she was "praying and hoping" the people inside the silver car were OK and "burst into tears".

(From front left) Ansreen Bukhari, Mahek Bukari, Rekan Karwan, Raees Jamal with (from top left) Ameer Jamal, Sanaf Gulammustafa, Natasha Akhtar and Mohammed Patel

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, on Twitter, or on Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.
• None TikToker and mum 'killed men in plot to hide affair'

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Peter Murrell said he was very proud of the part he played in securing the electoral success the party had achieved and praised his dedicated team

The SNP chief executive Peter Murrell has resigned after taking responsibility for misleading the media about party membership numbers.

Mr Murrell, who is married to outgoing party leader Nicola Sturgeon, said he had become a distraction to the leadership race.

He had been set to face a vote of no confidence had he not stepped down, the BBC has been told.

The party this week confirmed there had been a big drop in membership numbers.

This contradicted an earlier denial that that was the case.

Party president and former chief executive Michael Russell will take on Mr Murrell's role on a voluntary basis until a new party leader is in place and a permanent replacement is appointed.

Mr Murrell, 58, has been a hugely influential figure in the party - where he has been chief executive since 1999 and is responsible for the day-to-day running of the SNP.

Two leadership candidates, Kate Forbes and Ash Regan, have questioned the independence of the election process.

And on Friday, the SNP's head of media at Holyrood, Murray Foote, resigned, saying there were "serious issues" with statements he had issued in "good faith" on behalf of party headquarters.

A National Executive Committee source told the BBC Mr Foote had been "thrown under the bus" by Peter Murrell.

Mr Murrell has been married to Ms Sturgeon since 2010.

The SNP leader said her husband was right to resign.

She told Sky News Mr Murrell had "obviously taken responsibility for the recent issue with membership".

Ms Sturgeon added: "He had intended to step down when there was a new leader but I think he was right to make that announcement today [Saturday].

"Peter has been a key part of the electoral success we have achieved in recent years and I know there will be a recognition of that across the party."

In his resignation statement Mr Murrell said: "Responsibility for the SNP's responses to media queries about our membership number lies with me as chief executive.

"While there was no intent to mislead, I accept that this has been the outcome.

"I have therefore decided to confirm my intention to step down as chief executive with immediate effect."

He said he had not planned to step down until after the leadership contest but recognised that he had become "a distraction from the campaign".

"I have concluded that I should stand down now, so the party can focus fully on issues about Scotland's future," he said.

Mr Murrell has been married to Nicola Sturgeon since 2010

Mr Murrell added that he had no role in the running of the election contest.

"I have worked for independence all my life and will continue to do so, albeit in a different capacity, until it is achieved - and I do firmly believe that independence is now closer than ever," he said.

SNP leadership candidate Kate Forbes said: "I think that the party owes Peter Murrell a great debt of gratitude because he oversaw the party's expansion in membership and he's been the reason we won so many elections with his leadership at the top.

"I've said repeatedly from the beginning of this contest that I think there's an appetite for fresh faces and that will hopefully pave the way for new people in headquarters to be able to run the SNP in a way that maintains the trust of SNP members and supports the SNP in government."

Ms Forbes added that despite having called for an independent auditor to oversee the leadership vote, she had "no concerns" about Peter Murrell.

This is a miserable end to Peter Murrell's long career in charge of SNP headquarters where he helped turn the party into a successful election-winning machine.

He is taking responsibility for the party misleading the media about a big fall in the SNP's membership but concerns about his stewardship go wider than that.

Two leadership candidates called for an independent auditor to be appointed to oversee the election although Mr Murrell insists he had "no role in it at any point".

There is an ongoing police investigation into how £600,000 raised by the party for independence campaigning has been spent - with the SNP denying any wrongdoing.

Some members of the party's ruling body were threatening a vote of no confidence in the chief executive, with one telling the BBC he had become a "hindrance".

Others in the SNP have long questioned the wisdom of the party being run by Nicola Sturgeon's husband - arguing that too much power has been concentrated in one household.

Humza Yousaf, another SNP leadership hopeful said: "Peter Murrell has been an outstanding servant of the independence movement and the SNP.

"As I have said repeatedly throughout this campaign, he is the most electorally successful chief executive of any party in the UK and the SNP has been lucky to have him. Our election wins from 2007 to 2021 owe much to his political abilities.

Mr Yousaf added that he agreed it was time for Mr Murrell to stand down.

"With less than 10 days to go in this leadership contest, it is vital we all focus on the policies and vision we have for the party, movement and country," he said.

Party leadership candidate Ash Regan posted on Twitter: "Eight years ago was the point where it was unacceptable to have the husband of the party leader as the CEO.

"I am encouraged to see the democratic foundations of the party now asserting their rightful function."

She added that the SNP's foundations were based on accountability, transparency, modernity and accessibility.

SNP business convener Kirsten Oswald said she had called an National Executive Committee meeting on Saturday which had reaffirmed the body's faith in the leadership election process.

Questions have mounted over a loan of more than £100,000 that Mr Murrell gave to the party in June 2021 to help it out with a "cash flow" issue after the last election.

Scottish Conservative chairman Craig Hoy MSP said: "A fish rots from the head down - and the same applies to the SNP.

"Peter Murrell's resignation is long overdue - but there remain serious questions for him to answer, not least over the 'missing' £600,000 from party accounts."

He added: "The brutal, shambolic SNP leadership election appears to have been the tipping point that's forced the first minister's husband to quit before he was pushed."

Mr Hoy said Mr Murrell must fully co-operate with any probes into the way the leadership election had been run and the police inquiry into the SNP's finances.

In recent months, Ms Sturgeon was repeatedly asked about the origin of finances used by her husband but said the funds were entirely his own and she could not recall when she first learned of it.

The SNP has also been under investigation over the past 18 months after questions were raised about the fate of £600,000 that was raised from supporters in 2017 for the purposes of a future referendum campaign.

An SNP spokesman said the loan was a "personal contribution made by the chief executive to assist with cash flow after the Holyrood election".

Scottish Labour deputy leader Jackie Baillie said: "This latest resignation of a top SNP figure goes to show that the wheels have fallen off the SNP wagon. When Scotland most needs responsible governance, the SNP has turned inward and begun to tear itself apart. "If this is what is happening in the party, just imagine the chaos in government."

The ballot to find a replacement for Ms Sturgeon, which uses the single transferable vote system, opened on Monday with the winner to be announced on 27 March.

The boss of one of the UK's largest business groups has been fired over complaints about his behaviour at work.

Tony Danker, who will leave the Confederation of British Industry (CBI) following an investigation over his conduct towards several employees, said he was "shocked" by the sacking.

Three other CBI employees have also been suspended pending a probe into other allegations, the group said.

It is also liaising with the police who are looking into the claims.

Detective Chief Superintendent Richard Waight of the City of London Police said: "We approached the CBI following media reports and our investigations are at a very early stage. It would not be appropriate to comment any further at this time."

Mr Danker stepped aside in March after the CBI hired law firm Fox Williams to investigate several complaints about him. These included a complaint from a female employee in January and complaints from other members of staff which surfaced in March.

The 51-year-old, who was paid £376,000 by the CBI in 2021, has now been dismissed with immediate effect with no severance pay. He is being replaced by Rain Newton-Smith, the CBI's former chief economist.

Mr Danker tweeted on Tuesday: "I recognise the intense publicity the CBI has suffered following the revelations of awful events that occurred before my time in office. I was appalled to learn about them for the first time last week.

"I was nevertheless shocked to learn this morning that I had been dismissed from the CBI, instead of being invited to put my position forward as was originally confirmed. Many of the allegations against me have been distorted, but I recognise that I unintentionally made a number of colleagues feel uncomfortable and I am truly sorry about that. I want to wish my former CBI colleagues every success."

The findings of the investigation into him for now remain unpublished.

Last week, the Guardian newspaper reported sexual misconduct claims against CBI employees, including an allegation of rape at a summer boat party in 2019.

Many of the most serious allegations predate Mr Danker's time as director-general.

Belfast-born Mr Danker took over as head of the CBI in November 2020. He had previously spent 10 years as a consultant with McKinsey, and worked as a special adviser to the Treasury under Gordon Brown's government. He has also been international director then chief strategy officer at Guardian News and Media.

In its statement on Tuesday, the CBI said: "Tony Danker is dismissed with immediate effect following the independent investigation into specific complaints of workplace misconduct against him.

"The board wishes to make clear he is not the subject of any of the more recent allegations in The Guardian but has determined that his own conduct fell short of that expected of the director-general."

The scandals have left the CBI facing its biggest crisis since it was founded in 1965.

Some company executives who are members of the group have described it as an existential crisis for an organisation that represents the interests of some 190,000 businesses across the UK.

The lobby group has already postponed its public events and asked Fox Williams to conduct a separate investigation to the one into Mr Danker.

A Downing Street spokesman said the government would keep its engagement with the CBI on hold while the group continued its investigation, adding: "We continue to expect any allegations to be taken seriously and for appropriate action to be taken in response."

Labour's shadow chancellor Rachel Reeves said Labour had also cut ties with the CBI for now, calling the allegations "incredibly concerning".

In its statement, the lobby group said the allegations made in recent weeks had been "devastating" and that there had been "serious failings" in how it had handled sexual misconduct complaints. It said it would now begin a "root-and-branch review" of its culture and governance.

This will look at issues such as how employees raise concerns and processes for escalating complaints.

"It is already clear to all of us that there have been serious failings in how we have acted as an organisation. We must do better, and we must be better," it said.

Mr Danker's replacement, Rain Newton-Smith, becomes the second woman to lead the group in its history.

Ms Newton-Smith, who spent her early career as an economist at the Bank of England, left the CBI in March to join Barclays bank as managing director for strategy and policy, sustainability and ESG (environmental, social and governance).

She is well known to CBI staff and members but will face a tough job in reassuring members that the lobby group can effectively represent their interests.

Jürgen Maier, the former UK boss of engineering giant Siemens, said Mr Danker's sacking should be a "wake up moment" for all business leaders.

Mr Maier, who served on the CBI's president's committee until 2019, told Radio 4's World at One programme: "For any leader this is a wake up moment to make sure that we do root and branch reviews of our organisation and make sure that we've got the cultures in place that don't allow these sorts of behaviours to happen."

Last week the boss of brewing company Adnams said his firm had considered leaving the CBI following the scandals.

On Tuesday, chief executive Andy Wood said a decision would not be made until the full investigation was complete, but added he was encouraged by the action taken.

"The allegations were very serious and there's clearly no room for that type of behaviour in any workplace," he told the BBC.

"So it was right that we reviewed [our membership], but it's also right we give the organisation a chance to put its house back in order."

The CBI lobbies politicians on firms' behalf to make policies that benefit UK businesses. It also hosts regular networking events for business leaders, with the UK chancellor typically giving the keynote speech at its annual dinner.

According its most recently published accounts, £22m of its £25m income in 2021 came from membership fees.

Meta has launched its much-teased rival to Twitter, Threads, in the UK and US. The BBC's technology editor Zoe Kleinman and North America technology correspondent James Clayton have both tried out the app. Here are their first impressions.

It was the middle of the night in the UK when my phone buzzed to let me know that Meta Threads, the new social network app I'd pre-ordered on the App Store, had been installed.

Given the timing, I wasn't expecting much to be going on from a UK location. I already have an Instagram account so within three clicks I had a profile, and I selected to follow everybody I already follow on the photo-sharing app.

Suddenly it was like I'd walked through the door to a great big house party. Loads of people were signing up, writing their first posts, responding to others and commenting on the new surroundings.

I had dozens of followers in the first five minutes, and nearly 500 as I write this. (I've still got fewer than 300 on another Twitter alternative, the Jack Dorsey-founded text-based network, BlueSky, which I've been on for weeks.)

If you're familiar with Twitter, you'll recognise the design of Threads instantly. Everything from the heart-shaped symbol to "like" a post, to the circle of arrows denoting the feature to repost, is the same.

Some early complaints include the lack of a private messaging feature, no hashtags or trends to help navigate popular content, and no timeline curation options other than the ability to mute accounts or words, and block others.

But I feel we should add the word "yet" - Threads is officially only a few hours old (although it is its second outing following an earlier version in 2019 that was discontinued. Perhaps the world wasn't yet ready, or sufficiently annoyed with the goings on at Twitter).

What stands it apart from other Twitter rivals is the instant integration of this vast, ready-made Instagram community. Two billion people use the photo-sharing app and this offers an easy way for them all to land on another platform.

This makes it instantly engaging, which will appeal hugely to advertisers, who I imagine will eventually fund it, although there will apparently be no ads for the first year.

First impressions of Threads: can Meta do this? Is this not somehow plagiarism?

The app looks almost identical to Twitter. The news feed, the reposting. It's all incredibly familiar.

Mark Zuckerberg claims millions of people have signed up in the first few hours. You should always be sceptical when a tech boss says how many users have signed up to a platform. But it does feel like a lot of people are already on it.

That's partly because it's connected to Instagram. Meta isn't creating an app from scratch. It's benefiting from its two billion Instagram followers that are giving it a massive shot in the arm.

Platforms like Bluesky and Mastodon did not have this luxury. They started with zero users.

But whether this is "fair" or not, Mr Zuckerberg doesn't care. He's copied other apps before to great success (Reels is a clone of TikTok) and he's happy to do so again.

Knowing the power of celebrity, Mr Zuckerberg has also utilised famous names on Instagram and managed to get some of them on Threads, like Shakira and Gordon Ramsay.

Mr Zuckerberg will be thrilled with the buzz around the app. When it comes to social media, it's all about the network effect. The more people use the app, the better the app is.

When it comes to social media, the network effect can create a sort of tipping point. When so many of your friends or people you want to hear from are on a platform, you kind of feel you have to join.

It's very, very hard to create a network effect on a social media platform. But when it works, it really works. The reverse is also true. When communities leave a social media platform, they can do so quickly - and it can be devastating. Think Myspace or Bebo.

Let's go to some of the problems with Threads, though.

Unlike Twitter, which has two feeds - a recommendations feed and an option just to see tweets from those you follow - Threads has just one feed that blends your followers and content it thinks you will want. That could get annoying.

It doesn't seem to have desktop functionality yet - it doesn't work well on your computer. That's a shame.

There doesn't seem to be any trending information, so it's hard to see what's going viral.

And when it comes to verification, users can still buy their blue ticks for a monthly fee, just as you can with Twitter.

Mark Zuckerberg described the app as an "initial version" - and that's what it feels like. It does the basics well. But this is a no-thrills app right now.

That said, Meta's boss will be over the moon with how this has gone so far. Considering the bad press he's got over the years, he is reinventing himself as the adult in the room - the sensible tech billionaire who wants a friendly social media platform.

You can tell this has riled Elon Musk. "Thank goodness they're so sanely run," he tweeted sarcastically on Monday.

But if Mr Zuckerberg was nervous that disaffected Twitter uses would spurn Meta's offer, so far, it looks like those fears were unfounded.

And if that is the case, with an app that works perfectly well, if not spectacularly, that could be a real problem for Mr Musk.

Wild Youth have previously toured with Niall Horan and Lewis Capaldi and were chosen to represent Ireland in February

Ireland's Eurovision act Wild Youth have cut ties with their creative director over comments made on social media relating to transgender people.

Screen grabs circulated on Twitter of Ian Banham's account referring to transgender women as men in posts.

The Irish band say they stand for "unity and kindness" and will no longer let Mr Banham "near our team".

Mr Banham's representatives have been contacted by the BBC, but they had no comment to make.

With just two weeks until this year's song contest begins, it is quite late for any artist to change their creative team as rehearsals begin in Liverpool next week.

Wild Youth frontman Conor O'Donohoe said he "felt sick" reading the tweets and apologised to those hurt by those remarks.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Conor O Donohoe This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

According to his website, Mr Banham has worked in the past with stars including Kylie Minogue, Cheryl and Lily Allen.

He was also the choreographer for the most recent series of Ireland's version of Strictly - Dancing With The Stars Ireland.

The Irish broadcaster RTÉ told BBC News: "Ian Banham is no longer a member of Ireland's Eurovision 2023 team. RTÉ won't be making any further comment".

Wild Youth will compete in the first semi-final of next month's competition, which will take place on Tuesday 9 May, with their song We Are One.

The King and Queen Consort will unveil this year's Eurovision stage during their visit to Liverpool on Wednesday.

The acts from the 37 countries taking part in next month's song contest will begin rehearsals next week, in preparation for the 160 million who'll watch at home.

While the competition is about the song, and the live vocals, the creative direction of the performance on stage can influence both the voting public and the juries which is made up of music experts.

All the build-up, insights and analysis is explored each week on a BBC podcast called Eurovisioncast.

Eurovisioncast is available on BBC Sounds, or search wherever you get your podcasts from.

Senior SNP figure Mike Russell has admitted the party is facing a crisis

The president of the SNP has said he does not think independence can be achieved "right now" as police continue investigating the party's finances.

The former minister also admitted his party is facing its biggest crisis in 50 years.

His comments follow the arrest of former chief executive Peter Murrell by police on Wednesday and the search of his home.

Mr Murrell, who is Nicola Sturgeon's husband, was released without charge.

The SNP's headquarters in Edinburgh were also searched and on Friday it emerged the party's accountants had resigned after a decade of working with the party.

Speaking to The Herald newspaper, Mr Russell said recent weeks had been "wearing" for the SNP, which recently selected Humza Yousaf to succeed Ms Sturgeon as party leader.

He said: "In my 50-year association with the party this is the biggest and most challenging crisis we've ever faced, certainly while we've been in government.

"But I have an obligation to this party and the movement for Scottish independence that's been such a massive part of my life for so long."

He added: "I don't think independence can be secured right now; we need to work towards some coordinated campaigning.

"But I think this is achievable. My main focus is how we can create a new Yes movement that allows for different visions but conducted in an atmosphere of mutual trust."

Police officers carried boxes out of SNP headquarters following the search

Mr Russell said there would be a wide-ranging review of the SNP's governance and transparency.

This was promised by Mr Yousaf, who was sworn in as first minister last week.

Mr Russell said he would support Mr Yousaf, who positioned himself as the "continuity candidate" in the leadership race.

He said: "I'll do as much as I can, but it's true that the last few weeks have been pretty wearing. All I can do is put my trust in working with others to get it right.

"Like it or not, the party has chosen Humza to do this and I want to help him in that as much as I can.

"Parties and institutions are fallible. In a sense though, it's a case of 'The King is Dead, Long Live the King'. That's the way it's got to be."

Police Scotland launched a formal investigation into the SNP's finances in July 2021 after receiving complaints about how donations were used.

Questions had been raised about the use of over £600,000 fundraised by the party for a fresh independence referendum campaign.

Mr Russell said he would help new party leader Humza Yousaf as much as he could

Last year it emerged that Mr Murrell gave a loan of more than £100,000 to the SNP to help it out with a "cash flow" issue after the last election. The party had repaid about half of the money by October of that year.

At the time an SNP spokesman said the loan was a "personal contribution made by the chief executive to assist with cash flow after the Holyrood election".

He said it had been reported in the party's 2021 accounts, which were published by the Electoral Commission in August last year.

Mr Murrell resigned as the party's chief executive last month after taking responsibility for misleading statements about a fall in party membership. He had held the post since 1999.

On Friday, it emerged that the accountancy firm which audits the SNP's finances had resigned after working with the party for a decade.

Accountants Johnston Carmichael informed the party of the decision before Mr Murrell's arrest.

The party's treasurer is now seeking another auditor in order to comply with Electoral Commission rules.

The SNP is required to prepare financial statements to comply with the Political Parties, Elections and Referendum Act 2000. It has until 7 July to present their accounts to the Electoral Commission.

If there is no report and no reasonable excuse, the commission has the power to appoint its own firm of auditors.

It was with huge understatement that Humza Yousaf accepted the SNP was having a "difficult day" on Wednesday as police searched the party's headquarters and arrested its former chief executive.

Mike Russell offers a reality check in describing the situation as a "crisis" bigger and more challenging than any he has seen the SNP face in 50 years.

Mr Russell is not just any party member. He is one of the architects of the modern SNP. A former chief executive. The man brought in to provide stability when his successor in that role - Peter Murrell - resigned during the leadership contest.

Perhaps the least surprising comment he makes is that he does not think independence can be secured right now. That is fairly obvious, not least because there is no agreed route to doing so.

That is before you consider the potential negative impact the turmoil in his party could have on its standing with Scottish voters - with recent polls suggesting the SNP's popularity had already begun to dip.

Mr Webber's parents spoke at a vigil held at his home cricket club in Somerset

The parents of student Barnaby Webber who was stabbed to death in Nottingham on Tuesday have described him as "a lovely soul" during a vigil near his Somerset home.

Mr Webber, 19, died in attacks in which fellow student Grace O'Malley-Kumar, also 19, and school caretaker Ian Coates, 65, were killed.

Support from "his tribe" there was a source of strength, his parents said.

"It's overwhelming the outpouring of love and support," Mr Webber's mother Emma Webber explained. "This is his true home, his people.

"Today we wanted to come and see what this wonderful club has done for him. It's been healing."

The teenager, from Taunton - a first-year history student at University of Nottingham - was a keen cricketer.

The vigil was held as prayers were said at faith services across Nottingham for the victims.

On Friday, the England and Australia men's cricket team paid tribute to the victims ahead of the first Ashes test.

Mrs Webber said she had been overwhelmed by the "outpouring of support"

Describing last week's tributes in the city where her son died as "wonderful", Mrs Webber said on Sunday it was "hugely important" to remember all three of the victims.

"We are in touch with Grace's family a lot and I hope we'll be able to with Ian's family as well because we are intrinsically linked now," she explained.

Mr Webber (left) said: "We always knew he was special"

Mrs Webber's husband David Webber said everything that everyone had been doing to show support across the UK had been "amazing".

"It gives us strength and I'm sure it gives Grace and Ian's family strength," he said.

"We always knew [Barnaby] was special, we always knew he was a beautiful human being and a lovely soul.

"People were coming up to me and saying 'I don't know you Mr Webber, but your son was lovely, so much fun, he really helped me'.

"I found he was like a glue to all these different groups of friends," he added.

The family said the Somerset vigil was a "reflection and celebration of a wonderful young man so cruelly taken away at the very prime of his life".

Family and friends visited the vigil in Somerset

Mrs Webber said her son's body was "coming home" on Monday.

"That will be the next really big step for us, to know he's here," she said.

"We're still a family of four, it's just that one of us is not here right now."

David Webber said his son was like "a glue" for lots of different friendship groups

Valdo Calocane, 31, of no fixed address, has been charged with three counts of murder over the killings.

He appeared at Nottingham Magistrates' Court on Saturday and spoke only to confirm his name, giving an alias of Adam Mendes.

He was remanded in custody and is due to face a hearing at Nottingham Crown Court on 20 June.

Follow BBC West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: bristol@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: President Zelensky shared a video of the dam on Telegram

Thousands of people are being evacuated downstream of a major dam which has collapsed in Russian-held Ukraine.

President Volodymyr Zelensky said 80 towns and villages may be flooded after the destruction of the dam at Nova Kakhovka, which he blamed on Russia.

Water is surging down the Dnipro river, and is said to pose a catastrophic flooding risk to the city of Kherson.

Russia has denied destroying the dam - which it controls - instead blaming Ukrainian shelling.

Neither Ukraine nor Russia's claim has been verified by the BBC.

The Kakhovka dam, downstream from the huge Kakhovka reservoir, is crucial to the region.

It provides water to farmers and residents, as well as to the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant. It is also a vital channel carrying water south to Russian-occupied Crimea.

Ukraine's state-owned hydropower plants administrator Ukrhydroenergo warned that the peak of a water spill downstream from the emptying reservoir was expected on Wednesday morning.

It said this would be followed by a period of "stabilisation", with the water expected to rapidly recede in four to five days.

There are concerns about the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant - Europe's largest - which uses reservoir water for cooling.

The situation there is said to be under control and there is "no immediate nuclear safety risk" for the plant, according to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).

Video footage shows a torrent of floodwater gushing through a breach in the dam. Several towns are already flooded, while people in areas further downstream have been forced to flee by bus and train.

Abound 40,000 people need to be evacuated, Deputy Prosecutor-General Viktoriya Lytvynova said on Ukrainian television - 17,000 people in Ukraine-controlled territory west of the Dnipro River and 25,000 on the Russian-controlled east.

Also speaking on Ukrainian television, Interior Minister Ihor Klymenko said about 1,000 people had been evacuated so far and 24 settlements had been flooded.

He accused Russia of shelling the southern region of Kherson, from where people were being evacuated, and issued a warning about the dangers posed by mines being exposed by the rising water levels.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. A building is seen floating along the Dnipro river in the Kherson region

One local resident Andriy, who lives close to the dam - which was seized by Russian forces shortly after Moscow launched its full-scale invasion in February 2022 - said he believed Russia wanted to "drown" his city.

In the Ukraine-controlled city of Kherson, a woman called Lyudmyla - who was loading her belongings including a washing machine onto a trailer that was attached to an old car - said: "We're afraid of flooding. We're taking our things a little higher up."

She called for Russian forces to be "kicked out of here... they're shooting at us. They're flooding us or doing something else".

Another resident of the city, Serhiy, said he feared "everything is going to die here".

"All the living creatures, and people will be flooded out," he said, gesturing at nearby houses and gardens.

The city of Kherson is 50 miles downstream of the dam

On the Russian-seized riverbank of Nova Kakhovka, the Moscow-installed mayor Vladimir Leontyev said the city was underwater and 900 people had been evacuated.

He said 53 evacuation buses were being sent by the authorities to take people from the city and two other settlements nearby to safety.

Water levels had risen to over 11m (36ft) and some residents had been taken to hospital, he added.

The small town of Oleshky was also heavily flooded, Kremlin-appointed officials said.

The Kazkova Dibrova zoo on the Russian-held riverbank had been completely flooded and all 300 animals were dead, it said in a post on its Facebook page.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

It is not yet clear what caused the breach in the dam in the early hours of Tuesday, but Ukraine's military intelligence has accused Russia of deliberately blowing it up.

This seems plausible, as Moscow may have feared that Ukrainian forces would use the road over the dam to advance into Russian-held territory, as part of their counter-offensive.

For Russia, anxious to defend conquered territory in southern Ukraine, the dam represented an obvious problem.

Just as Ukrainian forces attacked road and rail bridges further downstream last autumn in a successful effort to isolate Russian forces in and around Kherson, Russia may have decided to destroy the dam to hold up Ukraine's counter-offensive, which it fears could come from multiple directions.

However, a Russian official claims Ukraine carried out the attack on the dam to detract from what they said were the failures of its counter-offensive and to deprive Crimea - Ukraine's southern peninsula illegally annexed by Russian in 2014 - of fresh water.

A major Ukrainian push has long been expected. Kyiv has said it would not give advance warning of its start but a recent increase in military activity is being seen as a fresh sign that the counter-offensive may have begun.

On Tuesday evening, President Zelensky said the dam destruction would not stop Ukraine. "We will still liberate all our land," he said in a video address.

Earlier in the day, Mr Zelensky held an urgent meeting of the country's security and defence council to discuss the issue.

An aerial image shows water pouring through what appears to be a breach in the dam

On Monday, Ukraine's deputy defence minister Hanna Maliar said Ukrainian forces had advanced around the "epicentre of hostilities" in Bakhmut, but did not say whether the counter-offensive had begun.

Bakhmut has for months been at the heart of fierce fighting. It has little strategic value - but is important symbolically both for Kyiv and Moscow.

Yuri Sak, an adviser to Ukraine's ministry of defence, told the BBC Radio 4's Today programme that phone intercepts suggest Russia wants to target more dams.

"They're actually calling to blow up more dams on the Dnipro river," he said.

Ukraine has branded the attack on the dam "ecocide" and said that 150 tonnes of engine oil has spilled into the Dnipro river.

Ukrhydroenergo said a power station linked to the dam had been "completely destroyed... the hydraulic structure is being washed away".

World leaders have laid the blame for the blast at Russia's door, with some calling it a war crime.

UK Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said that if Russia was found to be responsible for the collapse of the dam it would "demonstrate the new lows that we will have seen from Russian aggression".

The head of Nato, Jens Stoltenberg, said the destruction of the dam demonstrated once again the brutality of Russia's war in Ukraine, while Charles Michel, the president of the European Council, said he was "shocked by the unprecedented attack".

The Geneva Conventions explicitly ban targeting dams in war due to the danger it poses to civilians.

Fourth LV= Insurance Ashes Test, Emirates Old Trafford (day two of five):

Zak Crawley's astonishing 189 stunned Australia and kept England on course for an Ashes comeback on an exhilarating second day of the fourth Test at Old Trafford.

Crawley cracked the highest score by an England batter in a home Ashes Test for 26 years to give the hosts the perfect chance of levelling the series at 2-2.

In a 182-ball stay, he crunched 21 fours and three sixes to help England to 384-4, a lead of 67.

Crawley shared a stand of 121 with Moeen Ali, who was superb in making 54 at number three, then a riotous double-century partnership with Joe Root, the former captain unlucky to fall for 84.

Though Crawley and Root were both bowled by deliveries that kept low, Harry Brook and Ben Stokes laid a platform to attack on Friday morning with an unbroken stand of 33.

On a perfect day for the home side, James Anderson removed Pat Cummins with the first ball of the morning and Chris Woakes completed his maiden five-wicket haul in an Ashes Test to dismiss Australia for 317.

With the series on the line and bad weather closing in at the weekend, England not only wanted to build a lead, but do so swiftly enough to leave time to force a result.

They did so in a fashion that was barely believable and now have a golden opportunity to level the series at 2-2 and set up a delicious Ashes decider at The Oval.
• None England aiming to bat once in fourth Test - Crawley
• None How a staggering day two at Old Trafford unfolded
• None Quiz: Name players to have 3,000 runs and 200 wickets in Tests

Even the most optimistic England fan could not have predicted this. Their day-one performance with the ball, reducing Australia to 299-8, created the prospect of one good batting innings levelling the series. There was also the danger of one collapse surrendering any chance of lifting the urn.

What transpired was England's best day of the summer - a celebration of everything good about the cricket they have played under Stokes and Brendon McCullum, lapped up by the Old Trafford Party Stand.

If Australia were yet to be fully Bazballed, they have now, steamrollered by Crawley and co in a trail of destruction that scattered fielders, frazzled minds and did horrific damage to bowling figures. Off-spinner Todd Murphy, the notable absentee from the Australia XI, would have been relieved to be running drinks rather than bowling.

To compound an awful day for the tourists, fast bowler Mitchell Starc struggled with a hamstring injury then hurt his left shoulder diving in the field.

Anderson had Cummins caught at cover while Woakes needed two goes at having number 11 Josh Hazlewood caught in the slips - the first was a no-ball. It proved to be the only blight on England's day.

With heavy rain forecast for Saturday and Sunday, England knew they had to score quickly. They did so with controlled aggression, glorious strokeplay and urgent running. The hosts could feel in a position to have Australia batting again before lunch on Friday.

Any tilt at victory will have to come with the weather looming and on a pitch starting to show some signs of sharp variable bounce.

But England have engineered a huge opening. They have never returned from 2-0 down to win an Ashes series. The comeback is on.

Despite his modest record, England have always believed Kent's Crawley is a match-winner. This innings, an Ashes knock for the ages, was spectacular vindication.

England were nervy in the spell to lunch. Ben Duckett edged Starc behind for one and Crawley had to overturn being given out lbw to Cameron Green on 20.

But Crawley and makeshift number three Moeen intelligently built their century partnership and Crawley exploded into life after the break.

With flamboyant whips, handsome drives and some mighty slog sweeps, Crawley eviscerated the Australian bowling. He moved from 50 to 100 in 26 balls, a 93-ball ton England's fourth-fastest in Ashes cricket.

Crawley crashed 106 runs from 82 balls in the session between lunch and tea. A stand of 206 with Root was racked up in only 186 deliveries. The Australians rifled through plan and after plan, their fielding became ragged and bowlers weary.

Just as Crawley looked primed for a double ton, Green got one to keep low and he played on, leaving to rapturous applause from a crowd who had witnessed one of the all-time great hundreds.

This was a superb effort from Moeen, who came out of retirement for this series and finds himself as the only frontline spinner in the match and filling an important gap in the England order.

He batted with composure and displayed the odd touch of style. The standing ovation for reaching his first Test half-century in four years recognised Moeen's selfless service this summer. He was unlucky that a full-blooded pull off Starc was sharply taken by Usman Khawaja.

Root arrived with the score at 130-2 and the game in the balance, but was instantly at his impish, imperious best.

He dealt with Australia's short-ball plan by expertly executing hooks and pulls. His intent to score brought 40 off his first 30 balls - Root's fastest-ever start to a Test innings. He played his trademark reverse-scoops off Mitchell Marsh and Cummins.

Root deserved a century of his own, only to be bowled by a scuttler from Hazlewood - keeping even lower than the one that got Crawley.

The way in which Brook and Stokes calmly played for the morning is ominous for the Australians. The sight of 'nighthawk' Stuart Broad padded up late in the day was a sign of England's intent.

England opener Zak Crawley, speaking to Test Match Special: "I rode my luck at times and played some really good parts in the innings and there were other parts where I was really streaky but I'm happy with how I have played. It was a special day.

"I just keep backing my game and I've done that well this series where I just keep trying to play the way I play. That's the only way that is going to work for me."

Australia assistant coach Daniel Vettori: "It was obviously a taxing session because Crawley was so dominant and played so well from the onset. We had some clear plans but he was too good."

Former England captain Michael Vaughan: "England play a certain brand that completely suits Crawley. That innings has put England on the front foot and this moment will be spoken about for a long period of time, particularly if England go on to win the Ashes."

Wallace will be forgiven for his frankness

UK Defence Secretary Ben Wallace’s remarks about Ukraine needing to be more grateful should be seen in context. He was not voicing frustration or anger. He was instead suggesting Kyiv needed to be more politically savvy. He was saying Ukrainian officials should understand more about the internal politics of their allies, particularly the United States. They should not be surprised, he suggested, there were a few “grumbles” on Capitol Hill if they turned up in Washington with a shopping list of weapons, as if the US government were like a branch of Amazon. They should understand, Wallace said, they were asking some countries to give up the bulk of their ammunition stocks. So Wallace’s remarks were like a parent telling a child to remember to write a thank-you letter to a relative so they get a present next year too. It might not have been very diplomatic for him to say this in the middle of a summit designed to emphasise Nato unity. But Wallace is known for his outspoken support for Ukraine and his efforts to send Western military arms and ammunition to the country - so he will probably be forgiven for his frankness, which will come as no surprise to Britain’s allies.

Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic rocket plane is back in action after a gap of almost two years.

The Unity vehicle, with two pilots and four passengers aboard, climbed high over the New Mexico desert to the edge of space - before gliding back down.

It was billed as the plane's final test outing before entering commercial service in June.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The shooter who killed six people at a school in Nashville, Tennessee, on Monday bought seven guns legally and hid them at home, police say.

Investigators say the suspect's parents felt the 28-year-old should not own weapons, and did not realise the guns had been concealed in their house.

Six people, including three children age nine, were killed in the attack at the Covenant School.

The suspect was under "doctor's care for an emotional disorder", police say.

They believe it was the school that was targeted rather than any particular individual but have not indicated any motive.

Tennessee has no laws that allow police to seize guns from violent suspects.

Despite the absence of such so-called red-flag laws, police said they would still have sought to have the weapons confiscated if authorities had had any warning that the suspect could have posed a threat.

The pupils killed in the attack were Evelyn Dieckhaus, Hallie Scruggs and William Kinney.

Three adult employees at the privately run Christian school also died: Cynthia Peak, 61, Katherine Koonce, 60, and Mike Hill, 61.

Ms Koonce, the head of the school, and Ms Peak, a substitute teacher, were both close friends with the Tennessee governor's wife.

Governor Bill Lee said his wife, Maria, had planned to meet Ms Peak the night after she was killed.

Police have spoken to the parents of the suspect, Audrey Hale, who was killed by police less than 15 minutes after the attack began.

Hale, who identified as transgender and was a former student at the school, was armed with three guns, including a semi-automatic rifle.

The attack took place after the killer conducted surveillance of the premises, drew maps and wrote what police described as a "manifesto".

A police spokesman said the attacker did not target any person in particular, but did target "this school, this church building".

Hale's parents thought the suspect had owned only one gun, but that it had been sold.

They believed the suspect "should not own weapons", and were unaware the suspect "had been hiding several weapons within the house", said Nashville Police Chief John Drake on Tuesday.

The weapons were legally purchased from five shops around the city.

The killer "was under care - doctor's care - for an emotional disorder", Chief Drake said, without providing further details.

If there had been reports of suicidal or violent tendencies, he added, police would have sought to confiscate the guns.

"But as it stands, we had absolutely no idea who this person was or if [the suspect] even existed," he said.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Police received the first call about the incident at 10:13 local time (15:13 GMT) on Monday.

The suspect drove to the school in a Honda Fit and got into the building by firing through one of the doors, which were all locked.

Video later released by Nashville police shows the shooter opening fire to shatter glass panes on the front doors, then wandering the school's deserted corridors - at one point walking past a room labelled "Children's Ministry".

In the CCTV footage, the suspect is wearing what appears to be a protective vest and carrying an assault-style rifle in one hand, with a second weapon visible hanging from the left hip.

Police Chief John Drake said the suspect may have had firearms training

The suspect fired shots on the ground floor before moving to the building's second floor.

As police cars arrived, the shooter fired on them from the second floor, striking one vehicle in the windscreen.

"We believe there has been some training to have been able to shoot from a higher level," Chief Drake said.

He said the suspect had stood away from the glass to avoid being an easy target for police.

One officer was injured by broken glass. Police rushed inside and shot the suspect dead at 10:24, said Chief Drake.

President Joe Biden on Tuesday called for Congress to pass new gun control legislation.

"As a nation, we owe these families more than our prayers," he said. "We owe them action."

US Attorney General Merrick Garland was asked during a Senate hearing in Washington DC whether the attack will be investigated as a hate crime targeting Christians.

He said it was too early to say and that agents were still working to identify a motive.

The attack was America's 131st mass shooting so far this year, according to Gun Violence Archive, a non-profit that tracks gun violence data.

There have been 15 mass shootings at schools or universities in the US since the Columbine High School massacre in 1999, according to a database maintained by the Associated Press.

We're wrapping up our live page shortly. Here's what you need to know about the day's events.

More than a million public sector workers - including teachers, doctors and police - have been offered pay rises of between 5% and 7% after the government accepted the recommendations of the eight independent pay review bodies.

Police and prison officers in England and Wales would get a 7% rise under the proposals, with teachers and junior doctors in England getting 6.5% and 6% respectively.

PM Rishi Sunak said it would be funded by government departments finding savings and increasing visa changes and the NHS surcharge for migrants. But ministers said no frontline services at schools will be cut to fund it.

How have the unions reacted?

Four education unions say the deal is enough for them to end their dispute and they're going to advise members to accept.

But the junior doctors union, the BMA, says the 6% offered is a real-terms pay cut and strikes will continue. The pay offer comes as junior doctors begin a five-day walkout today.

The Unite union described it as a "rob Peter to pay Paul" situation and predicted service cuts and a new wave of industrial action.

What have politicians said?

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak says this is a final offer and would "mean choices" - but is "not about cuts". Health Secretary Steve Barclay says it's a fair offer and a chance "for the NHS to move forward".

Liberal Democrat leader Sir Ed Davey accused the PM of "taking a wrecking ball to our public services" and said it would have a "devastating impact" on hospitals and schools across the country.

Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said the pay offers were "subject to negotiation" and he wouldn't "wade into that" but "if Labour cannot break the suffocating hold of low wages we will have failed".

The Met Office has issued a yellow weather warning for wind

Dozens of flights have been cancelled as Storm Kathleen brings strong winds and the warmest day of the year so far to the UK.

About 140 flights departing and arriving at UK airports were cancelled after the Met Office issued a yellow weather warning for wind.

Rail and ferry services have also been affected in Scotland.

Wind gusts of over 70mph (112km/h) swept many parts and temperatures hit 21.4C (70.5F) in eastern England.

The strongest gusts of 101mph were recorded at the summit of Cairngorm, a mountain in the Scottish Highlands.

The year's warmest temperature was recorded in Lakenheath, Suffolk, on Saturday, BBC Weather said. This beat the previous high of 19.9C in north-west Scotland in January.

The most significant impacts of the storm have been felt in the north-west and south-west of England and parts of Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.

Thousands of passengers experienced delays when flights were cancelled at airports including Heathrow, Manchester, Birmingham, Edinburgh and Belfast City.

The vast majority of flights affected were those travelling within the UK and to and from the island of Ireland.

EasyJet flights to and from the Isle of Man were also halted.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The 11th named storm in eight months, Storm Kathleen was named by the Irish met service, Met Éireann, because the Republic of Ireland was expected to feel its effects most acutely.

Around 12,000 customers have been left without electricity as the storm moves across the island of Ireland, where trees have fallen in the strong winds.

In Northern Ireland, Met Office yellow wind warning for counties Antrim, Armagh, Down, Fermanagh, Tyrone and Londonderry is set to lift at 22:00 BST on Saturday.

Earlier in the day, part of the roof of the Titanic Belfast museum was damaged by the storm.

Some Irish Sea coastal regions have seen gusts of 69mph and large waves.

Coastal areas in Ireland have been hit by high winds

P&O Ferries cancelled ferry services travelling between Larne in Northern Ireland and Cairnryan in Scotland, with ferry services to and from the Isle of Man also disrupted.

The strong winds have also seen sports matches rearranged, with Saturday evening's EPCR Challenge Cup rugby match between Edinburgh and Bayonne moved from the Hive Stadium to Murrayfield.

Storm Kathleen is expected to ease by Sunday evening.

The Met Office has warned of "large waves and beach material being thrown onto sea fronts"

BBC weather forecaster George Goodfellow said the storm had brought warm air from north-west Africa over the North Atlantic.

He said: "It's still sat out there to the west of the UK - it's fairly slow-moving, as much as we've had strong winds. We're expecting further strong winds tomorrow as well."

While eastern parts of the country have been "a bit on the windy side in places, the main thing is how warm it's been," the forecaster added.

"It's not unusual to get such warm temperatures in April, but looking at the temperatures we've had recently, [Saturday is] quite a lot warmer than it has been. To suddenly break through the 20 degree barrier is quite impressive," he said.

The highest recorded temperature for April was 29.4C, recorded in Camden Square in London in 1949, Mr Goodfellow said.

While the storm is not unusual in terms of its intensity, he said the fact Storm Kathleen will last until Sunday means "it's a fairly long-lived thing."

More than 110 flood alerts are in place across England. The Environment Agency has issued 15 flood warnings where flooding is expected.

RAC Breakdown spokesman Rod Dennis said: "This intense period of stormy weather is going to prove extremely challenging for anyone driving on the western side of the UK.

"We strongly urge drivers to avoid exposed coasts and higher routes where the impact of the very strong winds is most likely to be felt."

Find out the weather forecast for your area, with an hourly breakdown and a 14-day lookahead, by downloading the BBC Weather app: Apple - Android - Amazon

The BBC Weather app is only available to download in the UK.

Are you affected by the issues raised in this story? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Prince Harry and Meghan at an awards gala in New York City last December

The Duchess of Sussex has won her bid to throw out a US defamation case brought by her half-sister.

Samantha Markle was suing Meghan for alleged defamation and "injurious falsehood" - including Meghan saying she was an "only child" in her interview with Oprah Winfrey.

She was seeking $75,000 (£62,000) in damages.

But a Florida judge dismissed the case, saying Meghan was expressing an opinion - and opinions cannot be proved false.

In court papers, US District Judge Charlene Edwards Honeywell wrote: "As a reasonable listener would understand it, defendant merely expresses an opinion about her childhood and her relationship with her half-siblings.

"Thus, the court finds that defendant's statement is not objectively verifiable or subject to empirical proof.... plaintiff cannot plausibly disprove defendant's opinion of her own childhood."

Samantha Markle - who is Meghan's half-sister from father Thomas Markle's first marriage - brought the civil case in March last year.

In it, she alleged Meghan:

In the Oprah interview - which was watched by more than 50 million people worldwide - Meghan said she did not really know Samantha, adding: "I grew up as an only child, which everyone who grew up around me knows, and I wished I had siblings."

As well as the Oprah TV interview, Samantha Markle - who lives in Florida - alleged the duchess had defamed her by giving information to a 2020 unauthorised biography called Finding Freedom.

But Judge Honeywell also found the duchess could not be liable for the contents of the book because she did not publish it.
• None Harry and Meghan could be questioned in civil claim

Last updated on .From the section Premier League

Antony scored one and assisted another as Manchester United moved up to third in the Premier League table with a clinical win over Nottingham Forest who missed out on a chance to move out of the relegation zone.

The visitors deservedly went in front in the 32nd minute as Antony stabbed home after Forest keeper Keylor Navas had kept out Anthony Martial.

And Antony played through Diogo Dalot who slotted in United's second with 14 minutes remaining.

The win puts United three points clear of fourth-placed Newcastle United and six points ahead of Tottenham Hotspur in fifth, who have played a game more than the Red Devils.

Forest, who could have gone three points clear of the drop with a win, stay 17th, inside the bottom three on goal difference.
• None Is Antony starting to live up to £81m price tag?
• None Go straight to our best Nottingham Forest content

Antony starred, but it was Christian Eriksen who was the true lynchpin for United.

The Denmark midfielder started his first match since picking up an ankle injury in January, replacing Marcel Sabitzer who sustained a groin injury in the warm-up.

"Sabitzer felt something, we decided not to take the risk and we will find out tomorrow what it is," Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag told BBC Match of the Day.

"But when you have Eriksen on the bench, it is definitely not a disadvantage."

Alongside Bruno Fernandes, Eriksen helped United dominate the first half with Jadon Sancho and Fernandes having early chances.

After Antony's opener only an inspired performance from Navas and some wasteful finishing kept Forest in the fixture.

Fernandes saw his free header sail just wide on the strike of half-time and the Portuguese midfielder had a curling effort tipped on to the post by Navas after the restart.

United's victory, settled by Dalot's first Premier League goal, was the perfect response to their disappointing 2-2 draw at home to Sevilla last time out.

"[It was a] solid win, really focused and concentrated from start to finish," added Ten Hag.

They face Sevilla in the second leg of that Europa League quarter-final on Thursday before taking on Brighton in the semi-finals of the FA Cup on Sunday.

Forest boss Steve Cooper stressed his side need to quickly turn results around, with the East Midlands outfit now winless across their past 10 Premier League matches.

They were 13th after their last victory when they beat Leeds United 1-0 on 5 February.

"We know that we have to turn the performances into results," Cooper told BBC Match of the Day.

"There is a lot of scrutiny on us due to our league position and the time of the season that it is, but the situation is the situation."

They had chances in the first half with Taiwo Awoniyi seeing one effort blocked by Aaron Wan-Bissaka and another fly off target from a strong position.

Forest also had a penalty shout in the 19th minute when an in-swinging corner struck the arm of United defender Harry Maguire, but the video assistant referee chose not to overturn referee Simon Hooper's non-penalty decision.

"I definitely think it was a penalty, and then a second yellow," added Cooper.

"I do not know how VAR did not spot it, at this level they should be doing better."

With United 1-0 in front, Felipe headed over from a corner in the 73rd minute, but in truth Forest always looked second best in front of their home supporters.

They face Liverpool in their next match on Saturday where they will be desperately hoping to end their winless run.
• None Wout Weghorst (Manchester United) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
• None Attempt blocked. Antony (Manchester United) left footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Diogo Dalot.
• None Attempt missed. Jadon Sancho (Manchester United) right footed shot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Bruno Fernandes.
• None Attempt missed. Bruno Fernandes (Manchester United) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right from a direct free kick.
• None Orel Mangala (Nottingham Forest) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page
• None Our coverage of your Premier League club is bigger and better than ever before - here's everything you need to know to make sure you never miss a moment

A member of the archaeology team examines skeletal remains discovered during preparatory works for a new hotel in central Dublin

About 100 skeletal remains from the Middle Ages have been unearthed during excavations for a Northern Ireland firm's new hotel in Dublin.

Burial sites dating back more than 1,000 years were found at Capel Street where an abbey, St Mary's, once stood.

At least two of the remains are believed to date back to the early 11th Century.

The excavations have been commissioned by Beannchor, which is building its new Bullitt Dublin hotel on the site.

The abbey used by the Savigniac and Cistercian orders opened in the 12th Century.

Carbon dating of one of the discovered graves predates that by 100 years, indicating the presence of a Christian settlement on the site prior to St Mary's being built.

The archaeological investigations at the site, which formerly housed Boland's Bakery, also unearthed the foundations of buildings dating back to the 1600s.

Edmond O'Donovan, director of excavations for Courtney Deery Heritage Consultancy (CDHC), at the Capel Street site

The finds were discovered close to a former Presbyterian meeting house dating from 1667.

Parts of a domestic house known as the 'Dutch Billies' have also been found.

It was constructed in about 1700 by settlers who came to Dublin after William of Orange ascended to the thrones of England, Scotland and Ireland in 1689.

While the skeletal remains will be painstakingly excavated, cleaned and sent for further analysis, before ultimately being given to the National Monuments Services, the other structures found during the examination of the site are set to be incorporated into the design of the new hotel complex.

Beannchor Group, which runs high-profile hotels and bars in Northern Ireland, has undertaken similar restoration of historic buildings in the past, including Belfast's Merchant Hotel, which was a former bank.

It said the Dublin project is by far its biggest and most complex project to date.

The 17th Century Presbyterian meeting house will be central to the development of a new bar and restaurant concept.

The 'Dutch Billies' house will also be preserved while a building with surviving ovens from the Boland's Bakery dating from 1890 will be renovated and repurposed.

Edmond O'Donovan, director of excavations for Courtney Deery Heritage Consultancy (CDHC, said St Mary's Abbey was Ireland's largest and most wealthy medieval abbey in its day.

Archaeologists examine remains at the site of the medieval St Mary's Abbey

"It was demolished after 1540 when the monastery was disbanded by Henry VIII and was later the site of a 17th Century Presbyterian meeting house.

"One of the things that was intriguing and exciting about the excavation is that we found an early burial or at least a number of burials that we suspect to be quite early.

"We have one that's carbon dated to the 11th Century and we have a second burial that was found with a diagnostic stick pin from the 11th Century.

"And that suggests that there was an earlier Christian and potentially monastic foundation here which predates the Savigniac and Cistercian Abbey."

Bill Wolsey, managing director of Beannchor, said it was impossible to have foreseen what the project would entail at its outset in 2017.

"As time went on, we began to understand just how complex this project may be," he said.

Skeletal remains unearthed at the site of a new hotel being developed by Belfast-based Beannchor Group in Dublin

"Great care has been taken to preserve and incorporate elements of these early surviving buildings into the new development, on what we now know is one of the most significant heritage sites in the city."

The new Bullitt Dublin hotel is expected to open in 2025.

Presidents Xi Jinping and Joe Biden smiled for the cameras at the G20 summit in November

US Secretary of State Antony Blinken's first visit to China comes nearly five months after a major rupture in relations over a Chinese spy balloon.

His original trip was abruptly cancelled because the balloon, which China says was monitoring weather, drifted across the continental US before being destroyed by American military aircraft.

Mr Blinken's visit includes meetings with China's top foreign policy officials but there is no word yet on whether he will also meet Chinese President Xi Jinping, who appeared with Microsoft founder Bill Gates in Beijing on Friday.

The two global superpowers have a long list of issues that concern them, including high-profile disagreements as well as potential areas of co-operation.

Here are three key areas that could be at the top of the agenda.

First and foremost, Mr Blinken's visit is about re-establishing diplomatic interactions of any kind.

Last month there was an initial breaking of the ice when senior US officials met in Vienna, Austria.

But Mr Blinken is the most senior Biden administration official to travel to China, and it marks the first visit by a US secretary of state to Beijing since October 2018.

Now is a good time to be talking again because that in itself reduces the risk of conflict, said Deputy Assistant to the President and Coordinator for Indo-Pacific Affairs Kurt Campbell, in a pre-trip briefing.

"We can't let the disagreements that might divide us stand in the way of moving forward on the global priorities that require us all to work together."

The Chinese response to the Blinken visit has been somewhat frosty, however.

In the official Chinese account of a call with Mr Blinken on Wednesday night, Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang is reported to have told him that "it is very clear who is to blame" for the recent deterioration in relations.

"The United States should respect China's concerns, stop interfering in China's internal affairs, and stop undermining China's sovereignty, security and development interests in the name of competition," Mr Qin reportedly said.

The US has downplayed any significant announcements coming out of this visit. It seems the only "deliverable" from the meetings, in diplomatic parlance, will be that the meetings have happened at all.

Don't expect some sort of breakthrough or transformation in the way that the two deal with one another, said Daniel J Kritenbrink, the State Department's senior East Asia diplomat.

If the meeting leads to further interaction between US and Chinese officials, that would be something both sides could build on.

President Biden's relations with China started off on a rocky note, in part because he has been unwilling to cancel trade measures enacted by his predecessor, Donald Trump.

That includes billions of dollars in import tariffs on Chinese-made products.

In some areas, Mr Biden has squeezed even harder, with restrictions on US computer-chip exports to China in an effort to maintain US superiority in the most advanced electronics technologies.

China responded by enacting its own ban on computer memory chips sold by Micron, the largest US manufacturer.

Mr Campbell acknowledged China's concerns but said the US would defend and explain what it's done so far and what could lie ahead.

If computer technology is an area destined for fierce competition between the two superpowers, the illicit drug trade may provide more room for co-operation.

The US wants to limit the export of Chinese-produced chemical components used to make fentanyl, a synthetic opioid many times more powerful than heroin.

The rate of US drug overdose deaths involving fentanyl has more than tripled in the last seven years.

"This is an absolutely critical and urgent issue for the United States," said Mr Kritenbrink - but it is one that presents its own challenges.

After the balloon incident, there were reports that China was considering sending weapons to Russia, where they would be immediately used in the war against Ukraine.

US government officials have backed away from those accusations of late, removing what could have been a particularly contentious issue for the two nations that risked turning the Ukraine-Russia conflict into a proxy war between the US and China.

Remote Philippine islands are on the frontlines of US-China tensions

But expect Mr Blinken to echo warnings given to the Chinese in Vienna that there would be serious consequences if China gives military and financial assistance to Russia.

US and Chinese warships have been facing off in a high-stakes game of chicken over the Taiwan Strait and the South China Sea. China claims the area as their own, while the US insists they are international waters.

Mr Blinken and his diplomatic team have said that his goal in this trip is to "de-risk" the tensions, and renewed communication is the place to start.

Achieving more may be a tall task for now - and more extensive co-operation could become more difficult for Mr Biden as anti-China rhetoric in Washington is sure to heat up when the 2024 presidential elections approach.

A satisfactory outcome from this trip for both sides might be simply the opening of communication channels that prevent an incident leading to military conflict.

Poppy Devey Waterhouse and Ellie Gould were murdered by their ex-boyfriends

A barrister who led a review into how domestic killers are sentenced said she is "disappointed" her report has not been adopted in full.

Clare Wade recommended 17 reforms she said were needed to ensure justice for victims of abuse in serious cases.

The government is proceeding with some of them initially, including longer sentences for killers with a history of coercive control or extreme violence.

Justice Secretary Dominic Raab said other proposals are being considered.

Ms Wade's report - published on Friday - recognised that the majority of people killed in domestic cases where there is a background of abuse are women attacked by men.

It was commissioned following the deaths of Ellie Gould 17, and Poppy Devey Waterhouse, 24, who were both stabbed to death in their homes by male partners.

Under the government's plans, judges will be required by law to consider a history of coercive or controlling behaviour as an aggravating factor when deciding on a jail term, meaning those offenders will serve longer behind bars.

Changes will also ensure judges hand down longer sentences where "overkill" - or excessive violence - has been used.

Mr Raab told the BBC he is committed to cracking down on violence against women - but the head of the review warned the proposals "won't achieve the justice they are intended to achieve if they are all only implemented in part".

Ms Wade was asked by the government in September 2021 to review sentencing guidelines after ministers were warned about "systemic misogyny within the criminal justice system" by the victims' commissioner and domestic abuse commissioner.

She said she was concerned the government is pressing ahead with making a history of controlling or coercive behaviour an aggravating factor - but without enshrining it in law as a mitigating factor for when victims who kill their abusers.

Ms Wade, who was the defence barrister for Sally Challen when she became the first woman to have her murder conviction quashed under coercive control laws, told BBC Radio 4's Today programme that the government's approach "will make matters much worse for women who kill their abusive partners".

Mr Raab told the BBC he was "very sympathetic" to the mitigation argument but insisted he would take time between now and the summer to look at the remaining measures "carefully and not in a knee-jerk way".

Ms Wade found that under the current rules women who kill a dangerous and abusive partner with a weapon can be jailed for longer than men who use their physical strength to murder.

That is because of guidelines mandating a higher starting sentence for crimes where a weapon is used - a rule which was introduced to tackle street knife violence - which Ms Wade wants to be discounted in domestic cases.

Campaigners have previously said that the law inadvertently leads to higher sentences for women who use a weapon to defend themselves from a violent partner or ex, but the government has not adopted this recommendation.

The barrister said "two or three" of her recommendations had been adopted - but she had been told by the government that today's announcement is "interim".

Mr Raab told BBC Breakfast he was "looking at the wider recommendations" and had announced measures that can be introduced swiftly.

Other recommendations in the report which have not yet been adopted include:

Mr Raab said he wasn't able to provide a timetable for when the changes would be implemented.

The government is expected to set out a full response to the review in the summer and legislation "will be introduced as soon as Parliamentary time allows", a Ministry of Justice spokesperson said.

Justice Secretary Dominic Raab said he was committed to making sentences tougher for domestic killers

As well as ensuring that judges take coercive control and extreme violence into account, the government will also:

Carole Gould and Julie Devey, whose daughters' murders by ex-partners led to the review, welcomed the changes but told the BBC they would wait to see what weight the aggravating factors were actually given in court.

Ms Gould told the BBC she would like to see a 25-year starting point for jail sentences where extreme violence was a factor, which she said would have doubled her daughter's killer's sentence.

Ellie Gould, from Wiltshire, was stabbed to death by Thomas Griffiths, then 17, in 2019. He was jailed for 12-and-a-half years, with his age a factor in his sentence.

"In Ellie's case she was strangled and then she was stabbed 13 times. So these murders are particularly violent and brutal and I think we need to push to make sure that's recognised in the sentencing," she said.

Ms Devey, whose daughter Poppy Devey Waterhouse was stabbed 49 times in 2018, said the problem would be how much extra time was added on for the new aggravating factors.

Ms Wade said she did not advocate introducing a 25-year starting point, adding the "system is not designed to be applied mechanistically", and called for emphasis to be put on the history of abuse rather than relying on an automatic sentence requirement.

Samantha Lee denied breaching Met Police standards in her investigation of Wayne Couzens

A former Met Police officer who carried out a "lamentably poor" investigation into Wayne Couzens has been found guilty of gross misconduct.

Samantha Lee failed to make "the correct investigative inquiries" into two flashing incidents, a panel heard.

Couzens killed Sarah Everard in south-west London soon after exposing himself to staff at a branch of McDonald's.

During the hearing Ms Lee admitted she made some errors in the investigation, but denied gross misconduct.

She is no longer a police officer having left last year, but was a PC at the time.

Wayne Couzens was already serving life for murdering Sarah Everard when he was sentenced for indecent exposure earlier this year

The police disciplinary panel heard Ms Lee carried out a "lamentably poor and rushed investigation" into the two incidents when Couzens exposed himself to female members of staff at the fast food restaurant in Swanley, Kent, on 14 and 27 February 2021.

The former PC went to the restaurant as part of her investigation on 3 March, just hours before Couzens kidnapped Ms Everard in Clapham.

The McDonald's manager told the hearing he had shown her CCTV of Couzens where his number plate was clearly visible, and showed her receipts which recorded the last four digits of Couzens' card.

She said he had told her the footage had already been deleted, a claim the hearing was told was a lie to cover up her failure.

Panel chairman Darren Snow found this dishonesty amounted to gross misconduct, and that had Ms Lee still been a serving officer, she would have been dismissed from the force. He added she will be barred from serving in the police again.

Reading the panel's findings, Mr Snow found that Sam Taylor, the McDonald's manager, was a "credible" witness and it was "inconceivable that he would not have shown her the CCTV evidence".

He added that the panel believed Ms Lee had been driven to dishonesty by the "pressure" of the investigation.

Sarah Everard was murdered by Couzens soon after the indecent exposure incidents

In her evidence, Ms Lee admitted she had made errors, but said nothing she could have done "would have changed the tragic outcome" of what happened to Sarah Everard.

"As much as I have thought it over and over, I don't believe that anything I could have done would have changed the tragic outcome of what happened later that day," she said.

Speaking outside the court, she claimed she has been made a "scapegoat" by the Met and said: "I have never lied".

In March this year, Couzens was sentenced to 19 months in prison after admitting three counts of indecent exposure.

He was already serving life behind bars for the kidnap, rape and murder of Ms Everard.

The third indecent exposure incident related to when Couzens exposed himself to a female cyclist on a Kent country lane in November 2020.

Evidence heard by the panel has highlighted questions around the wider police response.

The 999 call, made by the McDonald's manager on 28 February, prompted the operator to run the registration details of the black Seat Exeo through the police national computer which confirmed it was registered to Wayne Couzens and gave his home address, but didn't show he was a serving police officer.

Paul Ozin KC, representing the Met, told the hearing there was "no standard check that takes place to see whether a suspect in criminal police cases are police officers".

This is an issue that's been previously highlighted by the chief constable of British Transport Police, Lucy D'Orsi, who wrote on a policing blog in January it was in her view "a priority issue for our attention".

The case will also raise questions once again over how police respond to indecent exposure offences, which campaigners believe need to be taken far more seriously.

The panel heard that the 999 call was initially treated as "comparatively low urgency".

Former PC Lee was not assigned to attend the scene until three days later. Just a few hours after she did, Couzens kidnapped Sarah Everard.

During the hearing Ms Lee accepted she "could have done more around CCTV and evidence gathering", but added she did not "believe that anything I could have done would have changed the tragic outcome of what happened later that day".

Now, the police watchdog, the the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) is calling for the introduction of a national system to ensure criminal allegations that are made against serving officers notify relevant police forces.

In a statement, the IOPC added it had already recommended the Met "consider developing a system automatically flagging when an officer is under criminal investigation".

The IOPC's director of operations Amanda Rowe said: "It may not have prevented Couzens from committing his crimes, but if it is combined with the change in culture that policing recognises is necessary, it could help prevent it from happening again in the future. That's why we'll be exploring this possibility of this with the NPCC later this week.

"We have also been working closely with the Angiolini Inquiry, sharing evidence to inform its work looking at cultural issues within policing and addressing the broader concerns around women's safety in public highlighted by Sarah Everard's death."

The Met's deputy assistant commissioner Stuart Cundy said: "As the panel has made clear, honesty and integrity are fundamental to policing and our relationship with the public.

"The wider circumstances leading to Sarah Everard's terrible murder will be considered by the Angiolini Inquiry and any subsequent inquest, and we are fully assisting them with their vital work.

"Fundamentally, I am sorry that Couzens was not arrested before he went on to murder Sarah Everard and we continue to think of her loved ones."

The force added it has been "taking steps to improve" the way it deals with allegations of indecent exposure - including ensuring investigations are led by specially trained officers, increasing capacity in intelligence teams to identify perpetrators and linked offences, and using a wide range of methods to identify sexual predatory behaviour and deter offenders.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Fans from across the globe were treated to a Eurovision Song Contest feast in Liverpool.

The winners of the 2022 Eurovision Song Contest, Kalush Orchestra performed on stage at the start of the final.

UK entry Mae Muller took part in the flag parade as the proceedings began, and Marco Mengoni carried the Pride flag as well as the Italian one.

Alesha Dixon, Julia Sanina, Hannah Waddingham and Graham Norton were all on stage for the start.

Mimicat representing Portugal, Teya and Salena for Austria, Loreen from Sweden and Andrew Lambrou for Cyprus were among the first performers.

Czechia entrant Vesna's braids drew attention, as did the performance of Finland's Kaarija.

Ukraine, last years winners, were represented by TVORCHI. Let 3 from Croatia had a controversial performance.

The UK's Mae Muller was the final act.

Duncan Laurence and other past Eurovision acts joined the presenters on stage after the performances.

Loreen hears that she has won after a tense voting count.

In the Eurovision Village, crowds sang their hearts out as they watched all the musical drama on a big screen.

HMS Mersey was illuminated in the colours of Ukraine.

Irish duo Jedward were among the acts who entertained fans in the Village zone earlier in the day.

Huanchun Cao and his wife face a dilemma confronting so many of China's elderly - who will look after them?

Ask 72-year-old farmer Huanchun Cao about his pension and he reacts with a throaty cackle.

He sucks on his home-rolled cigarette, narrows his brow and tilts his head - as if the very question is absurd. "No, no, we don't have a pension," he says looking at his wife of more than 45 years.

Mr Cao belongs to a generation that witnessed the birth of Communist China. Like his country, he has become old before he has become rich. Like many rural and migrant workers, he has no choice but to keep working and to keep earning, as he's fallen through a weak social safety net.

A slowing economy, shrinking government benefits and a decades-long one-child policy have created a creeping demographic crisis in in Xi Jinping's China.

The pension pot is running dry and the country is running out of time to build enough of a fund to care for the growing number of elderly.

Over the next decade, about 300 million people, who are currently aged 50 to 60, are set to leave the Chinese workforce. This is the country's largest age group, nearly equivalent to the size of the US population.

Who will look after them? The answer depends on where you go and who you ask.

Mr Cao and his wife live in the north-eastern province of Liaoning, China's former industrial heartland.

Vast swathes of farmland and mined hills surround the main city of Shenyang. Plumes of smoke from smelting factories fill the skyline, alongside some of the country's best-preserved world heritage sites from the Qing dynasty.

Nearly a quarter of the population here is 65 or older. An increasing number of working-age adults are leaving the heavy industries hub in search of better jobs in bigger cities.

Mr Cao's children have moved away too but they are still close enough to visit often.

"I think I can only keep doing this for another four or five years," Mr Cao says, after he and his wife return from collecting wood. Inside their home, flames crackle beneath a heated platform - called a "kang" - which is their main source of warmth.

Mr Cao lives in what used to be China's industrial heartland

The couple make around 20,000 yuan (£2,200; $2,700) a year. But the price for the corn they grow is going down and they cannot afford to get sick.

"In five years, if I'm still physically strong, maybe I can walk by myself. But if I'm feeble and weak, then I might be confined to bed. That's it. Over. I suppose I will become a burden for my children. They will need to look after me."

That is not the future 55-year-old Guohui Tang wants. Her husband had an accident at a construction site and their daughter's university education drained her savings.

So the former digger operator saw an opportunity in elderly care to fund her own old age. She opened a small care home about an hour from Shenyang.

The care home Ms Tang runs is her retirement plan

The pigs and geese both honk a welcome at the back of the single-storey house surrounded by farmland. Ms Tang grows crops to feed her six residents. The animals are not pets - they are also dinner.

Ms Tang points to a group of four playing cards as the sun shines through the small conservatory.

"See that 85-year-old man - he doesn't have a pension, he's relying entirely on his son and daughter. His son pays one month, his daughter pays the next month, but they need to live too."

She is worried that she too will have to depend on her only daughter: "Now I will pay my pension every month, even if it means I cannot afford to eat or drink."

For generations, China has relied on filial piety to fill the gaps in elderly care. It was a son or daughter's duty to look after ageing parents.

But there are fewer sons and daughters for ageing parents to rely on - one reason is the "one-child" diktat which prevented couples from having two or more children between 1980 to 2015.

With rapid economic growth, young people have also moved away from their parents, leaving a rising number of seniors to look after themselves or rely on government payments.

But the pension fund could run out of money by 2035, according to the state-run Chinese Academy of Sciences. That was a 2019 estimate, before the pandemic shutdowns, which hit China's economy hard.

China may also be forced to raise the age of retirement, which has been on the cards for years. It has one of the lowest retirement ages in the world - 60 for men, 55 for white-collar women and 50 for working-class women.

But economists say this is just tinkering around the edges if China is to avoid what some fear could become a humanitarian crisis in 25 years.

Meanwhile, more and more elderly have been dipping into their pensions.

The Fengs in their room at the Sunshine Care Home

"Welcome to my home," beckons 78-year-old Grandma Feng, who only wanted to use her last name.

It's hard to keep up with her as she races along the corridor to warn her husband that guests are on the way to their room at the Sunshine Care Home. The morning exercise class, where she had been giggling and gossiping at the back with her friends, just ended.

The home was built to house more than 1,300 residents. Around 20 young people volunteer to live here for free in return for helping to look after some of the elderly. Private companies partly fund the home, taking the pressure off the local government.

This is an experiment as leaders hunt for solutions for an ageing China. Here in Hangzhou, in southern China, they can afford such experiments.

This is a different world from Liaoning - the shiny new buildings that are rising up host tech companies such as Alibaba and Ant, a magnet for ambitious, young entrepreneurs.

The Fengs have been here for eight years. The nursing home seems friendly and there is plenty to do - from gym and table tennis to singing and drama.

There are plenty of activities to occupy the residents at Sunshine Care Home

"It is very important to be able to finish the last part of life at a good place," Grandma Feng says. She and her husband have been married for more than 50 years. It was love at first sight, they say.

When their grandson graduated from junior high school, they decided their task was complete.

"There are few people of the same age who think like us," Grandma Feng says. "It seems we care more about enjoying life. Those who don't agree think it's unnecessary to pay a lot of money to live here while they have their own house."

But she says she is more "open-minded": "I thought it through. I just gave my house to my son. All we need now is our pension cards."

The couple's room at the care home costs around 2,000 yuan a month. As former employees of state-owned companies, they both have enough of a pension to cover the cost.

Their pension is far higher than the average in China, around 170 yuan a month in 2020, according to the UN's International Labour Organization.

Ms Tang's clients - poor and often pension-less - are a stark contrast to those in the Sunshine Care Home

But even with clients with decent pensions, the Sunshine Care Home is running at a loss. The director says care homes are costly to start and take time to turn a profit.

Beijing has been pressuring private firms to build daycare centres, wards and other age-care infrastructure to shore up gaps left by indebted local governments. But will they continue to invest if profits are far off?

Other East Asian countries such as Japan are also searching for funds to care for large numbers of elderly. But Japan was already wealthy by the time it had one of the world's largest ageing populations.

China, however, is ageing fast without that cushion. So, many older people are forced to make their own way - at an age when they should be planning their retirement.

Fifty-five-year-old Shuishui found a new career in what is being called "the silver-haired economy" - an attempt to harness the buying power of middle-class seniors.

"I think what we can do is try to influence the people around us to be more positive, and to keep on learning. Everybody might have different levels of household income, but whatever circumstances you are in, it's best to try to be positive."

Shuishui knows she is part of a privileged lot in China. But she is determined to hope for the best. The former businesswoman is now a newly-trained model.

On the sunny banks of the Grand Canal in Hangzhou, she and three other women, all over 55, are touching up their make-up and hair.

Shuishui (first from left) models with her friends

Each has chosen their own traditional Chinese outfit in red or gold - floor-length silk pattern skirts and short jackets lined with fur to keep out the spring chill. These glamorous grannies are modelling for social media.

They teeter precariously in high heels over the cobbled historic Gongchen bridge while trying to smile and laugh for the camera as a team of social media specialists shout instructions.

This is an image of greying gracefully that Shuishui is keen for the world to see, and she feels she is doing what she can to lift an ailing economy.

But this image belies the reality for millions of elderly in China.

Back in Liaoning, the wood smoke rises from chimneys, signalling lunchtime. Mr Cao is stoking the fire in his kitchen to heat water to cook rice.

Mr Cao and his wife say they don't want to leave their village to live in the city

"When I reach 80, I hope my children will come back to live with me," he says as he finds a saucepan.

"I'm not joining them in the cities. Their place has no lift and you need to walk up five floors. That's harder than climbing a hill."

For Mr Cao this is simply the way of things. He has to keep working until he cannot.

"Ordinary people like us live like this," he says, pointing to the fields outside which are still covered in frost. Spring will bring back the planting season - and more work for him and his wife.

"If you compare it with life in the city, of course, farmers have a tougher life. How can you make a living if you can't bear the toughness?"

A huge wave of infections hit countries around the world in 2020

The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared that Covid-19 no longer represents a "global health emergency".

The statement represents a major step towards ending the pandemic and comes three years after it first declared its highest level of alert over the virus.

Officials said the virus' death rate had dropped from a peak of more than 100,000 people per week in January 2021 to just over 3,500 on 24 April.

The head of the WHO said at least seven million people died in the pandemic.

But Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said that the true figure was "likely" closer to 20 million deaths - nearly three times the official estimate - and he warned that the virus remained a significant threat.

"Yesterday, the Emergency Committee met for the 15th time and recommended to me that I declare an end to the public health emergency of international concern. I've accepted that advice. It is therefore with great hope that I declare Covid-19 over as a global health emergency," Dr Tedros said.

He added that the decision had been considered carefully for some time and made on the basis of careful analysis of data.

But he warned the removal of the highest level of alert did not mean the danger was over and said the emergency status could be reinstated if the situation changed.

"The worst thing any country can do now is to use this news as a reason to let down its guard, to dismantle the systems it has built, or to send the message to its people that Covid-19 is nothing to worry about," he said.

The World Health Organization first declared Covid-19 to be a public health emergency of international concern (PHEIC) in January 2020.

This signalled the need for coordinated global action to protect people from the new virus.

It will now be up to individual countries to continue to manage Covid in the way they think best.

Vaccines were one of the major turning points in the pandemic. According to the WHO, 13 billion doses have been given, allowing many people to be protected from serious illness and death.

But in many countries vaccines have not reached most of those in need.

More than 765 million confirmed Covid infections have been recorded worldwide.

The US and UK, like many other countries, have already talked about "living with the virus" and wound down many of the tests and social mixing rules.

Dr Mike Ryan, from the WHO's health emergencies programme, said the emergency may have ended, but the threat is still there.

"We fully expect that this virus will continue to transmit and this is the history of pandemics," he said.

"It took decades for the final throes of the pandemic virus of 1918 to disappear.

"In most cases, pandemics truly end when the next pandemic begins."

Last week I asked a senior White House official how they planned to address the issue of Biden's age - which polls suggest is a problem with even Democratic voters.

The official didn't deny there was an issue but said they are working on a couple of strategies to mitigate the problem.

One is to place Biden in situations where he seems vibrant - so expect fewer speeches behind podiums and more gatherings with small crowds where he's surrounded by people.

The second, and potentially more complex strategy, is to boost the Vice-President's approval ratings so she can be more widely used during the campaign. The official suggested that this a currently a priority in the West Wing.

Kamala Harris has been hiring new staff with input from the White House as part of that effort. The thinking is that if her popularity numbers rise, she can do more of the travel that is such a gruelling part of any presidential campaign.

But if she's unpopular, there's not much point sending her on repeated campaign trips to swing states. The White House feels cautiously optimistic that Harris has had a better month, with a successful trip to Africa and a consoling visit to Nashville after the school shooting.

The White House is fully aware of the president's age issue and knows well how strenuous US election campaigns are.

Remember, Barack Obama was 30 years younger than Joe Biden is today, when he ran for his second term in office.

SAS troops conducted night raids in Afghanistan, aiming to kill or capture Taliban targets

SAS operatives in Afghanistan repeatedly killed detainees and unarmed men in suspicious circumstances, according to a BBC investigation.

Newly obtained military reports suggest that one unit may have unlawfully killed 54 people in one six-month tour.

The BBC found evidence suggesting the former head of special forces failed to pass on evidence to a murder inquiry.

The Ministry of Defence said British troops "served with courage and professionalism in Afghanistan".

The BBC understands that General Sir Mark Carleton-Smith, the former head of UK Special Forces, was briefed about the alleged unlawful killings but did not pass on the evidence to the Royal Military Police, even after the RMP began a murder investigation into the SAS squadron.

General Carleton-Smith, who went on to become head of the Army before stepping down last month, declined to comment for this story.

BBC Panorama analysed hundreds of pages of SAS operational accounts, including reports covering more than a dozen "kill or capture" raids carried out by one SAS squadron in Helmand in 2010/11.

Individuals who served with the SAS squadron on that deployment told the BBC they witnessed the SAS operatives kill unarmed people during night raids.

They also said they saw the operatives using so-called "drop weapons" - AK-47s planted at a scene to justify the killing of an unarmed person.

British special forces killed hundreds of people on night raids in Afghanistan, but were some of the shootings executions? BBC Panorama's Richard Bilton uncovers new evidence and tracks down eyewitnesses.

Several people who served with special forces said that SAS squadrons were competing with each other to get the most kills, and that the squadron scrutinised by the BBC was trying to achieve a higher body count than the one it had replaced.

Internal emails show that officers at the highest levels of special forces were aware there was concern over possible unlawful killings, but failed to report the suspicions to military police despite a legal obligation to do so.

The Ministry of Defence said it could not comment on specific allegations, but that declining to comment should not be taken as acceptance of the allegations' factual accuracy.

An MOD spokesperson said that British forces "served with courage and professionalism" in Afghanistan and were held to the "highest standards".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. SAS killings in Afghanistan: The story of one suspicious death

In 2019, the BBC and the Sunday Times investigated one SAS raid which led to a UK court case and an order to the UK defence minister to disclose documents outlining the government's handling of the case.

For this latest investigation, the BBC analysed newly obtained operational reports detailing the SAS's accounts of night raids. We found a pattern of strikingly similar reports of Afghan men being shot dead because they pulled AK-47 rifles or hand grenades from behind curtains or other furniture after having been detained.

The total death toll during the squadron's six-month tour was in the triple figures. No injuries to SAS operatives were reported across all the raids scrutinised by the BBC.

A senior officer who worked at UK Special Forces headquarters told the BBC there was "real concern" over the squadron's reports.

"Too many people were being killed on night raids and the explanations didn't make sense," he said. "Once somebody is detained, they shouldn't end up dead. For it to happen over and over again was causing alarm at HQ. It was clear at the time that something was wrong."

Internal emails from the time show that officers reacted with disbelief to the reports, describing them as "quite incredible" and referring to the squadron's "latest massacre". An operations officer emailed a colleague to say that "for what must be the 10th time in the last two weeks" the squadron had sent a detainee back into a building "and he reappeared with an AK".

"Then when they walked back in to a different A [building] with another B [fighting-age male] to open the curtains he grabbed a grenade from behind a curtain and threw it at the c/s [SAS assault team]. Fortunately, it didn't go off…. this is the 8th time this has happened... You couldn't MAKE IT UP!"

As the concerns grew, one of the highest-ranking special forces officers in the country warned in a secret memo that there could be a "deliberate policy" of unlawful killing in operation. Senior leadership became so concerned that a rare formal review was commissioned of the squadron's tactics. But when a special forces officer was deployed to Afghanistan to interview personnel from the squadron, he appeared to take the SAS version of events at face value.

The BBC understands that the officer did not visit any of the scenes of the raids or interview any witnesses outside the military. Court documents show that the final report was signed off by the commanding officer of the SAS unit responsible for the suspicious killings.

None of the evidence was passed on to military police. The BBC discovered that statements containing the concerns were instead put into a restricted-access classified file for "Anecdotal information about extrajudicial killings", accessible only to a handful of senior special forces officers.

In 2012, General Carleton-Smith was appointed head of UK special forces. The BBC understands that he was briefed about the suspicious killings, but he allowed the squadron to return to Afghanistan for another six-month tour.

When the Royal Military Police launched a murder investigation in 2013 into one of the raids conducted on that tour, General Carleton-Smith did not disclose to the RMP any of the earlier concerns over unlawful killings, or the existence of the tactical review.

Colonel Oliver Lee, who was commander of the Royal Marines in Afghanistan in 2011, told the BBC that the allegations of misconduct raised by our investigation were "incredibly shocking" and merited a public inquiry. The apparent failure by special forces leadership to disclose evidence was "completely unacceptable", he said.

General Sir Mark Carleton-Smith was head of UK Special Forces when military police investigated the SAS in 2013

The BBC's investigation focused primarily on one six-month deployment by one SAS squadron that arrived in Afghanistan in November 2010.

The squadron was operating largely in Helmand province, one of the most dangerous places in Afghanistan, where Taliban ambushes and roadside bombs were common and Army losses were high.

The squadron's primary role was carrying out deliberate detention operations (DDOs) - also known as "kill or capture" raids - designed to detain Taliban commanders and disrupt bomb-making networks.

Several sources who were involved in selecting targets for special forces operations told the BBC that there were grave problems with the intelligence behind the selection process, meaning civilians could easily end up on a target list.

According to a British representative who was present during target selection in Helmand in 2011, "Intelligence guys were coming up with lists of people that they figured were Taliban. It would be put through a short process of discussion. That was then passed onto special forces who would be given a kill or capture order."

According to the source, the targeting was pressured and rushed. "It didn't necessarily translate into let's kill them all, but certainly there was a pressure to up the game, which basically meant passing out judgements on these people quickly," he said.

Sources told the BBC that the targeting process for night raids was often rushed and could mislabel innocent civilians

During the raids, the SAS squadron used a recognised tactic in which they called everyone from inside a building out, searched and restrained them with cable-tie handcuffs, then took one male back inside to assist special forces operatives with a search.

But senior officers became concerned by the frequency with which the squadron's own accounts described detainees being taken back inside buildings and then grabbing for hidden weapons - an enemy tactic not reported by other British military forces operating in Afghanistan.

There were also concerns among officers that on a significant number of raids, there were more people killed than weapons reportedly recovered from the scene - suggesting the SAS was shooting unarmed people - and that SAS operatives might be falsifying evidence by dropping weapons at scenes after killing people.

After similar concerns were raised in Australia, a judge-led inquiry was commissioned and found "credible evidence" members of Australian Special Forces were responsible for the unlawful killing 39 people, and used 'drop weapons' in an attempt to justify shootings.

By April 2011, the concerns were so great in the UK that a senior special forces officer wrote to the director of special forces warning that there was evidence of "deliberate killing of individuals after they have been restrained" and "fabrication of evidence to suggest a lawful killing in self-defence".

Two days later, the UK Special Forces assistant chief of staff warned the director that the SAS could be operating a policy to "kill fighting-aged males on target even when they did not pose a threat."

If the suspicions were true, he wrote, the SAS squadron had "strayed into indefensible ethical and legal behaviour".

The SAS squadron operated in some of the most dangerous areas in southern Afghanistan, often raiding residential compounds in villages

The BBC visited several of the homes raided by the SAS squadron in 2010/11. At one, in a small village in Nad Ali in Helmand, there was a bricked up guesthouse where nine Afghan men including a teenager were killed in the early hours of 7 February 2011.

The SAS operatives arrived in helicopters under the cover of darkness and approached the house from a nearby field. According to their account, insurgents opened fire at them, prompting them to shoot back and kill everyone in the guesthouse.

Only three AK-47s were recovered, according to the SAS account - one of at least six raids by the squadron on which the reported number of enemy weapons was fewer than the number of people killed.

Inside the guesthouse, what appeared to be bullet holes from the raid were clustered together on the walls low to the ground. The BBC showed photographs from the scene to ballistics experts, who said that the clusters suggested multiple rounds had been fired downward from above, and did not appear indicative of a firefight.

Leigh Neville, an expert on weapons used by UK Special Forces, said the bullet patterns suggested that "targets were low to the ground, either prone or in a sitting or crouching position close to the wall - an unusual position if they were actively involved in a firefight".

The same pattern was visible at two other locations examined by the BBC. Ballistics experts who reviewed images said the bullet holes were suggestive of execution-style killings rather than firefights.

Speaking on condition of anonymity, an RMP investigator confirmed to the BBC that they had seen photographs from the scenes and that the bullet mark patterns had raised alarm.

"You can see why we were concerned," the investigator said. "Bullet marks on the walls so low to the ground appeared to undermine the special forces' version of events."

In 2014, the RMP launched Operation Northmoor, a wide-ranging investigation into more than 600 alleged offences by British forces in Afghanistan, including a number of killings by the SAS squadron. But RMP investigators told the BBC that they were obstructed by British military in their efforts to gather evidence.

Operation Northmoor was wound down in 2017 and eventually closed in 2019. The Ministry of Defence has said that no evidence of criminality was found. Members of the investigations team told the BBC they dispute that conclusion.

The Ministry of Defence said British troops were held to the highest standards. "No new evidence has been presented, but the Service Police will consider any allegations should new evidence come to light," a spokesperson said.

In a further statement, the MoD said it believed Panorama had jumped to "unjustified conclusions from allegations that have already been fully investigated".

It said: "We have provided a detailed and comprehensive statement to Panorama, highlighting unequivocally how two Service Police operations carried out extensive and independent investigation into allegations about the conduct of UK forces in Afghanistan.

"Neither investigation found sufficient evidence to prosecute. Insinuating otherwise is irresponsible, incorrect and puts our brave Armed Forces personnel at risk both in the field and reputationally.

"The Ministry of Defence of course stands open to considering any new evidence, there would be no obstruction. But in the absence of this, we strongly object to this subjective reporting."

Shareholders in Credit Suisse have told the firm they feel "failed" and "cheated" after the collapsed bank was rescued by its long-time rival UBS.

On Tuesday, the 167-year old Swiss bank faced investors for the first time since the deal was struck and for the last time as an independent firm.

Credit Suisse chairman Axel Lehmann said he was "truly sorry".

But one investor told the bank that shareholders had "everything stolen from them".

Credit Suisse was rescued by UBS last month in a deal brokered by authorities after turmoil in the US banking sector sent the Swiss lender's shares tumbling.

The loss-making bank had already been struggling for a number of years after a series of scandals, compliance problems and bad financial bets.

Mr Lehmann told investors at the Annual General Meeting that management had a plan to turn things around but had been "thwarted" by fears prompted by the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank in the US.

But one shareholder suggested the board would have been crucified in medieval times.

Another held up a sack of empty walnut shells, saying they cost the same as a single Credit Suisse share.

Credit Suisse's chief executive Ulrich Korner said: "I understand that you feel disappointed, shocked, or angry.

"I share the disappointment of you, our shareholders, but I also share the disappointment of all of our employees, our clients and, ultimately, the general public."

Shareholders in both Credit Suisse and UBS - which will hold an investor meeting on Wednesday - have been denied a vote on the takeover because of the emergency measures taken by the Swiss government to rush the deal through.

Mr Lehmann said the only other option would have been bankruptcy.

"This would have led to the worst scenario, namely a total loss for shareholders, unpredictable risks for clients, severe consequences for the economy and the global financial markets," he said.

"It was our duty to protect the interests of our shareholders as best we could to provide security to our clients. We did everything we could within what was possible."

Credit Suisse bosses knew they would have to eat humble pie at this meeting, but despite numerous apologies the shareholders remain angry.

It's common for middle-class Swiss people, especially the elderly, to invest money in a few shares as a back-up to their pensions. What have they traditionally considered safe? Switzerland's two biggest banks. But now Credit Suisse shares are worth less than 10% of what they were two years ago.

One man representing a group of shareholders accused Credit Suisse management of "greed and incompetence", another pointed to his red tie, saying he was wearing it to represent the "red card" Credit Suisse deserved.

Others turned their anger on the Swiss government, which forced through the takeover by UBS over just one weekend while the markets were closed. Some of us, said one shareholder, spend more time choosing our smartphones.

Venting their anger is just about the only action the shareholders can take; the deal with UBS is done. Apologising again, CEO Ulrich Korner said there had been little choice, it was either take the deal with UBS or bankruptcy, which he said would have been catastrophic not just for Switzerland, but for the entire global economy.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Girl survives being shot three times in Alabama

A father has told the BBC he is "absolutely crushed" by the death of his 19-year-old son at a 16th birthday party in Alabama on Saturday night.

Marsiah Collins, two other teenagers and a 23-year-old were killed during the shooting in Dadeville.

His father, Martin Collins, said: "I don't know how to feel, except for any other way but heartbroken. My son was my heart and my life. And he was stolen from me. His life was stolen from him and he was stolen from us."

Thirty-two others were injured, authorities said, some critically. Police have not disclosed any details about suspects or a possible motive.

Here is what we know about the victims:

The oldest of three siblings, Philstavious Dowdell was killed while trying to save his sister Alexis when a gunman opened fire at her 16th birthday, his family said.

The 18-year-old pushed his sister to the ground as gunfire erupted during the celebration at a dance studio.

"The last thing I told him was to stay strong," Alexis told the BBC. The family said they still don't know who opened fire.

Kenan Cooper, the DJ at the party, described Phil Dowdell as "kind of like the hometown hero" in the close-knit town of roughly 3,000.

He was a star athlete on his high school's American football team and had been due to graduate to go to Jacksonville State University on a sports scholarship.

One of his friends who played with him on the school football team told the BBC: "Phil to me was an amazing friend. God's got an angel."

Jacksonville's head coach, Rich Rodriguez, said in a statement on Sunday that Mr Dowdell was "a great young man with a bright future".

Phil Dowdell's grandmother, Annette Allen, told the Montgomery Advertiser local newspaper: "He was a very, very humble child. Never messed with anybody. Always had a smile on his face."

His sports coach at the local high school, Roger McDonald, described him as an outstanding young man.

"Everybody loved Phil. He always had a smile on his face. He always spoke to everyone. He was the ideal kid that you want to coach. He wasn't just a great athlete. He was a great kid," he told the paper.

Marsiah Collins was a varsity football player and a track star who had hopes of one day joining his father, Martin, in their shared dream of becoming lawyers.

In an interview with the BBC, his father Martin Collins said he is studying law at Louisiana State University and his son had been excited to join him as an undergraduate at the same campus this autumn.

The two had been arranging living together for the forthcoming school year, he said. But Marsiah's life was cut tragically short on Saturday.

"My son was my heart and my life. And he was stolen from me," his father said. "He was the light of every room he walked into."

The father described Marsiah as a "shy" teen who had possessed inner "strength and toughness".

"He would make you laugh like nobody's business, he would make you laugh uncontrollably sometimes, with his goofiness," he said.

Mr Collins said he and his family are still learning details about the shooting, but answers will not assuage their grief.

"I just want the world to know that none of those children deserve to die. My son definitely didn't. And he was just the perfect little baby."

Shaunkivia Smith, 17, was a manager on Dadeville High School's basketball and track and field teams

Shaunkivia Smith also had a background in athletics and was reported by local media to have played volleyball and softball. However, a knee injury during her junior year cut her participation short.

She served as a manager of the basketball and track and field teams during her final year at high school.

She had planned on attending the University of Alabama, her cousin told CNN.

"She was full of love," Michael Taylor, the school's coach, told local news. "Just like Phil, she was very, very humble and she had this huge smile like Phil had. She would joke around all the time, and she got on to all of us - even me. She was just full of life."

Corbin Holston, had gone to the party to check in on a family member

Corbin Holston graduated from Dadeville High School in 2018, according to social media posts.

His mother, Janett Heard, told local news Mr Holston did not attend the party but went there to check on a family member who feared trouble was brewing.

"Out of concern for other family members, Corbin responded to the party to ensure their safety but unfortunately encountered the suspects,'' Ms Heard said.

"Corbin was selfless when it came to his family and friends and always tried to be a protector. That's just the type of person he was."

Craig and Charlie Reid's hit was removed from the UK government's coronation playlist

The Proclaimers have been removed from an official King's coronation playlist after they were criticised for their anti-royal views.

Craig and Charlie Reid's hit I'm Gonna Be (500 Miles) was featured alongside prominent UK artists.

Last year they agreed with a republican demonstrator who shouted during the proclamation of King Charles.

The BBC understands the song was removed by the UK government following complaints.

The Proclaimers' management have been approached for comment.

A Department for Culture, Media and Sport spokesperson said: "The playlist has been created to celebrate British and Commonwealth artists ahead of the upcoming coronation."

The Proclaimers originally featured on the Spotify playlist alongside Queen, The Beatles, Tom Jones, David Bowie, Kate Bush, Emeli Sande and some other top UK artists.

The tracks were picked by the DCMS as a suggested street party soundtrack. The playlist is included on a website which provides information and ideas for marking the Coronation, including recipes and children's activities.

Charlie Reid expressed republican views in an interview with the National after a man in Oxford was arrested for shouting "who elected him?" during a proclamation event for King Charles last September.

The Proclaimer singer said: "I thought that guy spoke for me, and he speaks for loads of other people. Not just in Scotland, but right around the UK."

Symon Hill, who works for the pacifist Peace Pledge Union, was initially charged under the Public Order Act but his case was later dropped by the Crown Prosecution Service.

The Proclaimers have described their song In Recognition, from the 2007 album Life With You, as a representation of "our overwhelming contempt for people on the left in this country who snipe against the royal family and then end up taking honours".

The King's coronation will take place on 6 May at Westminster Abbey in London.

Watch as Adam Peaty seals his Paris Olympics spot by winning the 100m breaststroke at the Aquatics GB Swimming Championships with a world-leading time of 57.94.

READ MORE: Peaty qualifies for Paris with statement title

Watch the Aquatics GB Swimming Championships on BBC iPlayer and the BBC Sport website from 2-7 April.

Available to UK users only.

The former prime minister has not handed over any messages from before April 2021 - more than a year into the pandemic

Boris Johnson has said he is giving unredacted WhatsApp messages dating back to May 2021 directly to the Covid inquiry, bypassing the government which has refused to hand them over.

The Cabinet Office has launched a legal challenge to the inquiry's demand for texts from the former PM and officials.

It argues that many of the messages are irrelevant to the investigation.

However, the head of the inquiry, Baroness Hallett, has said it's her job to decide what is and is not relevant.

In a letter to Baroness Hallett, Mr Johnson said that he understood why the government was taking legal action, but that he was "perfectly content" to release messages he had already sent to the Cabinet Office.

Mr Johnson added he would like to send messages pre-dating April 2021, but that he had been told he could no longer access his phone from that period "safely".

Security concerns were raised over the phone, after it emerged the number had been freely available on the internet for 15 years.

The messages received before this date would be likely to cover discussions about the coronavirus lockdowns implemented in 2020.

Mr Johnson said he wanted to "test" the advice received from the security services and had asked the Cabinet Office for assistance in turning his old phone on securely.

He added he no longer had access to his contemporaneous notebooks as he had handed these to the Cabinet Office.

"I have asked that the Cabinet Office pass these to you. If the government chooses not to do so, I will ask for these to be returned to my office so that I can provide them to you directly."

Speaking to BBC Radio 4's World At One programme, cyber-security expert Prof Alan Woodward said the risk of turning on Mr Johnson's old phone was "minimal", adding: "It is perfectly possible to do that without exposing it to the potential threat."

Earlier this week, the inquiry told the government to submit messages sent between Mr Johnson and 40 other ministers and officials during the pandemic by 16:00 BST on Thursday.

Mr Johnson said he was "more than happy" to give the unredacted material to the inquiry.

The Cabinet Office - which supports the prime minister in running the government - also holds communications between ministers and civil servants which do not involve Mr Johnson.

On Thursday, it missed the deadline and said it would "with regret" be launching a judicial review of the demand, but promised to "continue to co-operate fully with the inquiry".

Defending its decision not to hand over certain messages, the Cabinet Office argued that many of the communications were "unambiguously irrelevant", and that to submit them to the inquiry would compromise ministers' privacy and hamper future decision-making.

"It represents an unwarranted intrusion into other aspects of the work of government. It also represents an intrusion into their legitimate expectations of privacy and protection of their personal information," the Cabinet Office said, in a letter to the inquiry.

Speaking to the BBC One's Question Time on Thursday, science minister George Freeman said he thought the "courts will probably take the view" that Baroness Hallett was entitled to decide "what evidence she deems relevant".

But he added "people's privacy is really important" and that the question of how private correspondence should be handled was a "point worth testing".

"I would like to see a situation where the inquiry says: 'Listen, we will wholly respect the privacy of anything that's not related to Covid. We will redact it'," he said.

Labour's deputy leader, Angela Rayner, described the government's legal action as a "desperate attempt to withhold evidence". The Liberal Democrats called it a "kick in the teeth for bereaved families".

Lord Barwell, who worked as chief of staff to former Prime Minister Theresa May, told the BBC Radio 4's Today programme he thought the government was making a "bad mistake".

He added: "We're having the inquiry to give people confidence we're getting to the truth. And if the government is controlling what the inquiry can and can't see, then people are not going to get confidence in the outcome."

David Lawson says the results were the worst he has seen

Vapes confiscated from school pupils contain high levels of lead, nickel and chromium, BBC News has found.

Used vapes gathered at Baxter College in Kidderminster were tested in a laboratory.

The results showed children using them could be inhaling more than twice the daily safe amount of lead, and nine times the safe amount of nickel.

Some vapes also contained harmful chemicals like those in cigarette smoke.

High levels of lead exposure in children can affect the central nervous system and brain development, according to the World Health Organization.

It is thought vapes are being used widely by secondary school children and Baxter College is not alone in trying to stop them vaping during school hours.

The Inter Scientific laboratory, in Liverpool, which works with vape manufacturers to ensure regulatory standards are met, analysed 18 vapes.

Most were illegal and had not gone through any kind of testing before being sold in the UK.

Lab co-founder David Lawson said: "In 15 years of testing, I have never seen lead in a device.

"None of these should be on the market - they break all the rules on permitted levels of metal.

"They are the worst set of results I've ever seen."

In "highlighter vapes" - designed with bright colours to look like highlighter pens - the amounts of the metals found were:

The metals were thought to come from the heating element - but the tests showed they were in the e-liquid itself.

The lab tests also found compounds called carbonyls - which break down, when the e-liquid heats up, into chemicals such as formaldehyde and acetaldehyde, also found in cigarette smoke - at 10 times the level in legal vapes. Some even had more than cigarettes.

Manufacturers have to follow regulations on ingredients, packaging and marketing - and all e-cigarettes and e-liquids must be registered with the Medicine and Health Care Products Regulatory Agency (MHRA). But the agency is not required to check the claims made in paperwork and has no power to investigate unregistered products.

MHRA head of e-cigarettes Craig Copland said the results would be reviewed to assess whether the vapes posed a health risk.

BBC News showed the findings to Baxter College pupils Leon and Oscar, whose vapes had been confiscated. They admitted in a previous interview they were hooked on nicotine and struggled to give up vaping.

Baxter College pupils Leon and Oscar learning about their confiscated vapes

The boys say it is easy to ignore the risks.

"You won't really care, if you're addicted to it - you'll just forget about it," Oscar said.

Leon said regulation and policing should be doing more to tackle the problem.

"They're not really as bothered as they should be," he said.

Head teacher Mat Carpenter was horrified by the findings. He has installed sensors in the school toilets to try to reduce opportunities to vape.

"It's been part of youth culture for a long time and we are a long way behind the curve in influencing children's behaviour around this, which is why we need such a strong message," Mr Carpenter said.

"As a society we are capable of holding two messages, one that if you smoke already vaping can have a positive effect on your health, but children should not be vaping."

University of Nottingham epidemiology professor John Britton, who sits on the Royal College of Physicians Tobacco Group, said inhaling metals could be dangerous.

"Lead is a neurotoxin and impairs brain development, chrome and nickel are allergens and metal particles in general in the bloodstream can trigger blood clotting and can exacerbate cardiovascular disease," he said.

"The carbonyls are mildly carcinogenic and so with sustained use will increase the risk of cancer - but in legal products, the levels of all of these things is extremely low so the lifetime risk to the individual is extremely small."

But Mr Lawson said there had been a much greater rise in illegal products recently and "some of these are hard to distinguish between the ones which are potentially legal".

Prof Dame Helen Stokes-Lampard, who is Chair of the Academy of Medical Royal Colleges, said she was "genuinely shocked" by the findings.

"Unregulated products need to be taken off our streets, out of our shops, and our young people need to be protected.

"Vaping is something we should be avoiding if we can, albeit better than smoking. If you have any suspicion that your child is using an illicit vape, this is dangerous for their health. Please intervene," she advised parents and carers.

The government has allocated £3m to tackle the sale of illegal vapes in England. It wants to fund more test purchases and have the products removed from shops and is calling for evidence to help cut the number of children accessing vapes.

It is illegal to sell vapes to under-18s. But a YouGov survey in March and April for Action on Smoking and Health suggests a rise in experimental vaping among 11- to 17-year-olds, from 7.7%, last year, to 11.6%.

Thieves stole tens of millions of dollars from a Los Angeles cash storage facility on Easter Sunday, with their crime only discovered the next day.

The theft of at least $30m (£24m) is one of the biggest cash heists in LA history, local media reported.

There are few clues as to who carried out the crime - which was been described as "elaborate" - or exactly how.

The Los Angeles Police Department and FBI are jointly investigating the case.

No alarms were tripped and no one knew thieves had entered the facility, located in the San Fernando Valley, where cash from local businesses is processed and stored in a vault.

A crew of sophisticated burglars is believed to have come in through the roof, according to local media. Only a small group of people were aware so much cash was held in the building.

It took until Monday, when facility employees opened the vault, to realise that the massive sum was missing. The safe did not show any outward sign of break-in.

According to US media, the theft happened at a GardaWorld facility in the suburban neighbourhood of Sylmar. A news helicopter over the scene captured an apparent hole in the side of the building with debris nearby, however, it is unclear if it is related to the burglary.

The total surpasses any that has been taken in armoured vehicle robberies in the area, according to the Los Angeles Times.

The largest cash heist in LA's history was in September 1997 when $18.9m was stolen from Dunbar Armored Inc, according to the newspaper. Six men, including a former employee, were eventually arrested.

In 2022, an armoured truck was robbed around 55 miles (90km) north of where Sunday's heist occurred. The thieves grabbed dozens of bags containing vintage jewellery and gems while the guards were distracted.

The stolen items have been valued at over $100m. No arrests have been made.

Last year, thieves at the Toronto airport stole more than $15m in gold and cash. An aircraft container carrying the goods arrived at the airport and was transported to a cargo holding facility, where police believe the heist took place.

It is one of the largest heists in Canada's history.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Is this largest US jewellery heist in US history?
• None Is this largest jewellery heist in US history? Video, 00:01:23Is this largest jewellery heist in US history?

Prosecutors in Serbia have stated that the suspect in the school shooting in Belgrade may not face criminal charges, due to his age.

The age of criminal responsibility in Serbia is set at 14 years old. But the suspect is still two months shy of his 14th birthday.

Police will continue to investigate his involvement in the deaths of his classmates and a school security guard. But, as things stand, prosecutors will not be able to bring criminal charges.

It may be possible to hold the boy’s parents responsible. Both of them have already been taken into custody.

Police say that the father held permits for the two pistols which were found in the suspect’s possession at the time of his arrest. They are holding him on suspicion of committing serious offences against general security.

Serbia’s president, Aleksandar Vučić, says the suspect will be transferred to a psychiatric facility. The boy is being assessed by social workers, who will check whether he was under the influence of drugs or alcohol at the time of the attack.

A prosecutor has told Serbian media that actions after that will be carried out by the social work service.

Vučić also insists that it is “impossible for no one to be held accountable” for the shooting.

He suggests lowering the age of criminal responsibility to 12 years old – as well as a range of restrictions on gun ownership and use.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The family of Halyna Hutchins, the Rust cinematographer who died on set, say they will sue Alec Baldwin despite his criminal charges being dropped.

Manslaughter charges against Mr Baldwin, who was holding the prop gun that fired the fatal bullet, were withdrawn in New Mexico on Thursday.

A lawyer for Ms Hutchins' parents and sister said that the actor "cannot escape responsibility" for her death.

Mr Baldwin had already reached a deal with her widower and 10-year-old son.

In October 2021, Mr Baldwin had been practising firing the gun on set at a ranch near Santa Fe when it went off, fatally striking 42-year-old Ukrainian-born Hutchins and wounding director Joel Souza.

The actor denied pulling the trigger, although an FBI report later concluded that the gun could not have been fired without the trigger being pulled.

He had been due in court for a preliminary hearing on 3 May. But on Thursday, prosecutors said they would withdraw charges against the Emmy-award winner after new facts were revealed that required further investigation.

The film's armourer, Hannah Gutierrez-Reed, continues to face two counts of involuntary manslaughter.

Halyna Hutchins (right) died on the set of Rust in New Mexico after Mr Baldwin allegedly fired a prop gun

Gloria Allred, a lawyer representing Hutchins' mother Olga Solovey, her father Anatolii Androsovych, and sister Svetlana Zemko, said on Friday her clients "remain hopeful" despite the prosecutor's decision to drop criminal charges.

"Mr Baldwin may pretend that he is not responsible for pulling the trigger and ejecting a live bullet which ended Halyna's life," the family lawyer said in a statement.

"He can run to Montana and pretend that he is just an actor in a wild west movie but, in real life, he cannot escape from the fact that he had a major role in a tragedy which had real life consequences."

Mrs Allred is also representing a script supervisor who experienced the shooting. The civil lawsuit against Mr Baldwin also seeks to punish Ms Gutierrez-Reed and various other Rust producers.

Filming for Rust resumed this week in Montana, nearly 18 months after the shooting.

In a statement, director Joel Souza called the resumption "bittersweet" and vowed to finish the film "on Halyna's behalf".

A lawyer for the film said that principal photography is expected to wrap up by May and that no "working firearms" or ammunition are allowed on set.

Last October, Mr Baldwin and Ms Hutchins' widower, Matthew, reached a preliminary deal that made him an executive producer for the film.

In a New Mexico court on Monday, a judge agreed to keep the terms of that deal sealed in order to protect the privacy of Hutchins' young son.

In seeking to dismiss the lawsuit brought by Hutchin's Ukraine-based family, lawyers for Mr Baldwin called their action "misguided" and unlikely to survive legal scrutiny.

Twitter is considering legal action against Meta over its fast-growing rival app Threads.

Threads, which was launched to millions on Wednesday, is similar to Twitter and has been pitched by Meta bosses as a "friendly" alternative.

Twitter's Elon Musk said "competition is fine, cheating is not" - but Meta denied claims in a legal letter that ex-Twitter staff helped create Threads.

More than 70 million people have signed up for the new app, according to Meta.

Twitter has an estimated 350 million users, according to Statista.

According to an SEC filing from 2013, it took Twitter four years to build the same number of users that Threads gained in a day - though Twitter grew its userbase from scratch, while Threads was able to tap into the pre-existing two billion monthly users Meta says Instagram has.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The look and feel of Threads are similar to those of Twitter, BBC News technology reporter James Clayton noted. He said the news feed and the reposting were "incredibly familiar".

But US copyright law does not protect ideas, so for Twitter to be successful in court it would have to prove that its own intellectual property, such as programming code, was taken.

And in 2012 Meta was granted a patent for "communicating a newsfeed" - the system that displays all the latest posts when you use Facebook.

In a move first reported by news outlet Semafor, Twitter attorney Alex Spiro sent a letter to Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg on Wednesday accusing Meta of "systematic, wilful, and unlawful misappropriation of Twitter's trade secrets and other intellectual property" to create Threads.

Specifically, Mr Spiro alleged that Meta had hired dozens of former Twitter employees who "had and continue to have access to Twitter's trade secrets and other highly confidential information" that ultimately helped Meta develop what he termed the "copycat" Threads app.

"Twitter intends to strictly enforce its intellectual property rights, and demands that Meta take immediate steps to stop using any Twitter trade secrets or other highly confidential information," the letter says.

"Twitter reserves all rights, including, but not limited to, the right to seek both civil remedies and injunctive relief without further notice."

BBC News, which has seen a copy of the letter, has contacted both Meta and Twitter for comment.

Mr Musk said that "competition is fine, cheating is not" in response to a post on Twitter that referred to the legal letter.

On Threads, Meta spokesperson Andy Stone posted that "no one on the Threads engineering team is a former Twitter employee - that's just not a thing".

Sarah Kunst, managing director at venture capital firm Cleo Capital, told the BBC's Today programme Threads could offer a "brand-safe environment" for existing Instagram advertisers who "feel they can allocate some budget and see what happens".

She added that while the app reaching 30 million users could be the result of an initial rush, it will likely see a steady increase in users.

"They've made it very easy to cross-post to other platforms like Instagram, so I think that we'll continue to see growth," she said.

Both Mr Musk and Mr Zuckerberg have acknowledged the rivalry over Threads, which is linked to Instagram but works as a standalone app.

As it launched in 100 countries, Mr Zuckerberg broke more than 11 years of silence on Twitter to post a highly popular meme of two nearly identical Spider-Man figures pointing at each other, indicating a stand-off.

Shortly after, and as the word "Threads" trended globally on his platform, Mr Musk said: "It is infinitely preferable to be attacked by strangers on Twitter, than indulge in the false happiness of hide-the-pain Instagram."

Twitter CEO Linda Yaccarino said in a tweet on Thursday that while the platform, is "often imitated" it "can never be duplicated".

Both Meta and Twitter have undertaken significant layoffs this year, with Meta announcing in April that it would cut staff levels by approximately 10,000.

Twitter lost a large proportion of its 7,500 employees, as high as 80%, in waves of redundancies following Mr Musk's takeover last October.

Meta, the parent firm of Facebook and Instagram, is working on a standalone, text-based social network app.

It could rival both Twitter and its decentralised competitor, Mastodon.

A spokesperson told the BBC: "We're exploring a standalone decentralized social network for sharing text updates.

"We believe there's an opportunity for a separate space where creators and public figures can share timely updates about their interests."

A Twitter-like app would allow Meta to take advantage of the current chaos at the Elon Musk-led company, where cost-cutting has been rampant.

Twitter has been struggling to hold on to its advertising base since Mr Musk's takeover of the platform late last year.

Companies have pulled back spending following Twitter's move to restore suspended accounts and release a paid account verification which resulted in scammers impersonating firms.

According to MoneyControl, the new app is codenamed P92, and will allow users to log in through their existing Instagram credentials.

Meta's app will be based on a similar framework to the one that powers Mastodon, a Twitter-like service which was launched in 2016.

The new app would be decentralised - it cannot be run at the whim of a single entity, bought or sold.

Meta's plans come at a time when its biggest platform, Facebook, is struggling to attract the attention of a younger audience.

It has also heavily invested in the metaverse, a virtual world where users interact and work - which has yet to come to fruition.

Its video-sharing app, Instagram, is also facing stiff competition as content makers or hit influencers abandon the platform for TikTok.

It was not immediately clear when Meta would roll out the new app.

Police initially detained Ralph Yarl's shooter for questioning but let them go, without releasing their identity. That changed on Monday afternoon, though, when the suspect's name was revealed as Andrew Lester.

At the same time, Clay County prosecutor Zachary Thompson announced that Lester had been charged with two crimes: assault in the first degree and armed criminal action.

A prosecutor said there was a "racial component" to the shooting but Lester has not been charged with a hate crime, and charging documents do not describe the alleged racial bias.

Lester, 84, claims he thought someone was trying to break into his home Image caption: Lester, 84, claims he thought someone was trying to break into his home

Lester, 84, lives at an address on 115th Street in Kansas City, Missouri, which is where Ralph mistakenly went last Thursday night to pick up his siblings - who were in fact at an address on nearby 115th Terrace.

Yarl's family and legal team claim the boy rang Lester's doorbell twice before the homeowner opened fire with a .32 revolver. Lee Merritt, one of the family's attorneys, told NBC News that the 16-year-old "was confronted by a man who told him, 'Don't come back around here,' and then he immediately fired his weapon".

According to local reports, Lester told police that he believed someone was breaking into his home and fired two shots through his door. A witness also told a local news station that he heard Yarl "screaming that he had been shot".

Crowds belted out tracks as Sam Fender headlined the main stage on Saturday

The second night of Scotland's biggest festival closed on a high despite heavy rain and the threat of thunderstorms.

Acts including Brooke Combe and Maisie Peters kicked off Saturday's line-up before Kasabian and Sam Fender took to the main stage.

Up to 50,000 people are expected at Glasgow Green for each day of TRNSMT.

Pulp closed the show on Friday - their first performance in Scotland for over 10 years.

Royal Blood and Becky Hill will headline on Sunday, with The 1975 scheduled to close the festival.

ScotRail has put on extra train services to cope with demand, including more late-night trains running to Inverclyde, Ayr, Edinburgh, and East Kilbride.

Thousands headed to the main stage on Saturday for Mimi Webb

Newcastle rocker Sam Fender closed the festival's second night with pyrotechnics, fireworks and confetti as he remarked on the journey he had taken from the festival's beginning.

He said: "We've played every stage in this festival, from a little stage over there to the main stage.

"It's just really surreal."

Sam Fender closed the second night of the festival

Festival organisers had urged fans to "prepare for all weather" on Saturday with the majority of Scotland covered by a yellow Met Office alert for thunderstorms.

Glasgow Green turned to mud following heavy showers, though it did little to dampen spirits.

Conditions are expected to improve on Sunday but more rain has been forecast.

It came after Tiree Music Festival was cancelled on Thursday, just a day before it was due to begin, because of gale force winds.

Fans arrived at Glasgow Green in high spirits on Saturday

Brooke Combe from Midlothian gave it her all as the first act on the main stage

Maisie Peters also performed on the main stage a few weeks after the release of her new album The Good Witch

Elijah Hewson from Irish rockers Inhaler had crowds singing along

Kasabian frontman took to the stage on Saturday

Britpop legends Pulp brought the first night of the festival to a colourful close on Friday, following acts including George Ezra, Niall Horan, the Beautiful South's Paul Heaton and The View.

The band, fronted by Jarvis Cocker, surprised fans at the end of 2022 by announcing a run of shows this summer at festivals and outdoor gigs across the UK.

Cocker told crowds: "We are Pulp, you are Glasgow. We are going to spend some time together this evening.

"This is the furthest north we've ever been."

Pulp, fronted by Jarvis Cocker, were the headline act on Friday

Former One Direction singer Niall Horan entertained the crowd on Friday

Festival-goers enjoyed The View perform on the main stage

You can watch coverage of TRNSMT festival on BBC iplayer.

Boxes of nitrous dioxide canisters near the site of the rave

A man in his 30s has been arrested following two illegal raves over the weekend.

Avon and Somerset Police confirmed the man, from Wiltshire, was arrested on suspicion of possessing a class A drug and assaulting an emergency worker on Sunday.

Officers were called to the raves, which hundreds of people attended, at 5:20 GMT on Exmoor on Sunday.

The force added that the man has since been released on bail.

The unlicensed music events took place a short distance from each other, near Luxborough, at Dunkery Beacon and Kennisham Wood.

Pictures sent to the BBC show cars parked on both sides of the B3224, and boxes of nitrous oxide canisters and rubbish scattered across the verges.

Cars are parked on both sides of the B3224

Sam, who is a farmer in the Luxborough area, said people were "defecating" on his fields and outside his house.

Officers seized sound equipment from the Dunkery Beacon event and inquiries are ongoing into potential public nuisance offences.

Those that stayed at Kennisham Wood were clearing up the site on 1 April, a police spokesperson said.

Sam told BBC Radio Somerset the fields where revellers "defecated" are for young livestock to graze.

"The issue was the amount of people and the lack of respect and care," he said.

"The aftermath this morning is unbelievable. The road's verges are all cut up, there are drugs, bottles, boxes and rubbish everywhere. Chucked on the roads and our fields.

"We could not do anything about it."

A farmer says the aftermath is "unbelievable"

A spokesperson for Avon and Somerset Police said: "Our priority has been to preserve public safety and minimise disruption to other members of the public and as such our officers sought to engage with individuals attending the events and provide community reassurance.

"Road closures were also put in place."

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Baroness Casey: "It's time for the organisation (Met Police) not to be in denial"

Women and children have been failed by the Metropolitan Police, with racism, misogyny, and homophobia at the heart of the force, a blistering review says.

Baroness Casey says a "boys' club" culture is rife and the force could be dismantled if it does not improve.

Her year-long review condemns systemic failures, painting a picture of a force where rape cases were dropped because a freezer containing key evidence broke.

The Met's Commissioner Sir Mark Rowley admitted "we have let Londoners down".

The report has prompted a strong reaction, with the mother of murdered black teenager Stephen Lawrence saying the force was "rotten to the core".

Home Secretary Suella Braverman warned it could take years to address some challenges, but was confident Sir Mark and his team would deliver the change the public expects.

Baroness Casey was appointed to review the force's culture and standards after the abduction, rape and murder of Sarah Everard by serving police officer Wayne Couzens, in 2021.

During the course of her review, another Met officer, David Carrick, was convicted of a series of rapes, sexual offences and torture of women.

The 363-page report condemns the force as institutionally racist, misogynist and homophobic, referencing racist officers and staff, routine sexism, and "deep-seated" homophobia.

But Sir Mark told Radio 4's Today programme that while he accepted the "diagnosis" of the report he would not use the expression "institutional racism", describing it as ambiguous and politicised.

He said "hundreds" of "problematic" officers have been identified since he took over the force, and said the report has to be "a new beginning".

Baroness Casey said the capital "no longer has a functioning neighbourhood policing service" and policing by consent was broken, especially for "communities of colour", who are "over-policed and under-protected".

The report says leadership teams at the top of the Met have been in denial for decades, and there has been a systemic failure to root out discriminatory and bullying behaviour.

It says the force, the biggest in the UK, has failed to protect the public from officers who abuse women and Baroness Casey said she could not rule out more officers like Couzens and Carrick being in the Met.

Teams tasked with tackling domestic abuse are understaffed, overworked and inexperienced, despite cases doubling in 10 years, it said.

The Met has not made its publicly-stated policy to crack down on abusers an "operational reality", the report found.

Baroness Casey told the BBC that rape detectives are working with insufficient resources while "the guys that hold the firearms get any toy they want".

One officer told the review the Met's rape detection rates were now so low "you may as well say it is legal in London".

Floral tributes and messages were left at a memorial site at Clapham Common Bandstand, following the murder of Sarah Everard, in 2021

The report says that discrimination "is often ignored" and complaints "are likely to be turned against" ethnic minority officers, to the point where black officers are 81% more likely to be in the misconduct system than white colleagues.

It concludes: "Deep in its culture it is uncomfortable talking about racism, misogyny, homophobia and other forms of discrimination."

Baroness Casey said austerity had "disfigured" the Met, and pressures like court backlogs and London's expanding population have put the force under further strain.

But she says not enough had changed since the 1999 Macpherson report, published after Stephen Lawrence's murder, which labelled the Met "institutionally racist".

Baroness Doreen Lawrence said the force has had almost 30 years since her son's death and the recognition of institutional racism by Sir William Macpherson to put its house in order.

"It has not done so, either because it does not want to or it does not know how to," she added.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Met Commissioner Sir Mark Rowley: "We have let Londoners down... the findings are brutal"

In a Commons statement, Ms Braverman said there have been "serious failures of culture, leadership and standards".

She said it is vital that the law-abiding public "do not face a threat from the police themselves", and that officers not fit to wear a uniform are "driven out".

Shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper said she was concerned her counterpart had delivered a "dangerously complacent" statement by "astonishingly" setting out no action.

She called a lack of mandatory requirements for vetting and training underpinned by law a "disgrace", and urged Ms Braverman to ensure any officer under investigation for domestic abuse or sexual assault is automatically suspended.

If sufficient progress is not made, dividing the Met into national, specialist and London responsibilities should be considered, Baroness Casey concluded.

Asked if he would tell his daughters they could trust the police, Prime Minister Rishi Sunak told BBC Breakfast: "I need the answer to that question to be 'yes' and at the moment trust in the police has been hugely damaged."

Responding to the report, Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said Sir Mark should "go further and faster" to uncover the Met's systemic problems.

He said: "The biggest danger today is that this just becomes another report."

London Mayor Sadiq Khan said today was "one of the darkest days in the 200-year history" of the Met, but he was not surprised as it chimed with his own personal and professional experiences.

He insisted the force did not need to be broken up, but said systemic issues needed addressing.

Four groups - the Runnymede Trust, Inquest, Liberty and Stonewall - said they "stand united in our call for the roll back of the policing powers" of the Met, and it was increasingly clear communities "do not consent to the violent, predatory and discriminatory policing that we are currently offered".

Have you been affected by the issues in this story? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Travellers flying into England from mainland China will no longer have to provide proof of a negative pre-departure test from next month.

The change will come into effect on 5 April - exactly three months after the measures started.

Ministers brought in controls after a spike in cases following Beijing's relaxation of its zero-Covid policy.

Their removal comes after greater transparency from China, the government said.

In a statement, the Department of Health and Social Care (DHSC) said that there has been increased information on "testing, vaccination and genomic sequencing results" on China's domestic disease levels.

The data indicates that Covid variants seen in China "continue to be the same as those already circulating in the UK", it added.

The Chinese Centre for Disease Control and Prevention also reported that all regions had passed their infection peak, the statement reported.

The DHSC also announced that the UK Health Security Agency's (UKHSA) voluntary on-arrival testing programme of travellers from China to Heathrow airport has come to an end.

The temporary testing programme was implemented in January. The government said its aim was to improve Covid surveillance of travellers arriving at London's main airport from China by helping to detect potential new variants.

The government said an average of 99 people per flight had been tested, totalling 3,374 passengers.

During that period, 14 positive cases were identified, but none was deemed to be a variant of concern.

The DHSC said from Friday, 17 March "passengers aged 18 or over travelling from mainland China and arriving at Heathrow Airport will no longer be invited to take a voluntary test on arrival".

"The ending of this enhanced surveillance is in line with international partners such as the EU who are reducing border measures to monitor new variants from China" .

Officials said the government would maintain a range of contingency measures to "enable detection, and swift and proportionate action, for potential new harmful variants" should the need arise.

Last December, ministers confirmed that passengers arriving to England from China would have to provide a negative Covid test before they boarded their flights.

The Chinese government was reporting about 5,000 cases a day at the time, but analysts said the numbers were vastly undercounted - and that the daily caseload could have been closer to one million.

Other countries around the world such as the US, France India also implemented testing.

While the decision only affected English airports, the government said that despite their being no direct flights from China to Scotland, Wales or Northern Ireland, that it was working with the devolved administrations to ensure the policy was applied UK-wide.

In January, China reopened its borders to international visitors for the first time since it imposed travel restrictions in March 2020 while officials declared later that month that the country's current wave of Covid-19 infections was "coming to an end".

China's National Health Commission stopped publishing data on Covid cases and deaths on 25 December after the relaxation of its zero-Covid policy and in February declared a "decisive victory" over the pandemic.

When this cow ran onto an interstate, police in Michigan relied on a cowboy to lasso the suspect bovine. The animal is safe and has not been charged with a crime.

Visitors have been affected by the heat at the Acropolis in Greece, which sits on a rocky hilltop and offers little shade

Red alerts have been issued for 16 cities across Italy as extreme heat continues to affect southern Europe.

The alerts, which indicate risks even for healthy people, apply to tourist hotspots including Rome, Florence, and Bologna for the coming days.

The heatwave has already lasted longer than usual and night-time temperatures have remained high.

More high temperatures are expected in Europe next week as another heatwave approaches.

Periods of intense heat occur within natural weather patterns, but globally they are becoming more frequent, more intense and are lasting longer due to global warming.

The Italian government has advised anyone in the areas covered by Saturday's red alerts to avoid direct sunlight between 11:00 and 18:00, and to take particular care of the elderly or vulnerable.

In Rome, tour guide Felicity Hinton, 59, told the BBC the soaring temperatures combined with overcrowding has made it "nightmarish" to navigate the city.

"It's always hot in Rome but this has just been consistently hot for a lot longer than normal," she said.

A gondolier in Venice told the BBC it was so hot, the city's iconic gondolas are unbearable.

"The heat... goes up your legs, goes up your feet, it really burns... sometimes the tourists jump in pain when they lean against it".

Meanwhile, Greece has hit temperatures of 40C (104F) or more in recent days. The Acropolis in Athens - the country's most popular tourist attraction - was closed during the hottest hours of Friday and Saturday to protect visitors.

Matt Finden, 51, from Vancouver, Canada, and his family were among the last tourists to visit The Acropolis before it closed.

"It was incredible up there. But along the way we saw people passed out getting medical attention, sitting on the backs of ambulances and even vomiting from heatstroke," he told the BBC.

The Red Cross has been offering water and first aid at the site, which sits on a rocky hilltop and offers little shade to visitors.

There are also fears of a greater risk of wildfires, especially in areas with high winds. Greece suffered major wildfires in 2021 in another exceptional heatwave.

Elsewhere, a forest fire on the Spanish island of La Palma forced the evacuation of at least 500 people, Reuters news agency reported.

The fire broke out in the early hours of Saturday morning in El Pinar de Puntagorda, destroying at least 11 houses, Fernando Clavijo, president of the Canary Islands, said.

Volunteers from the Hellenic Red Cross handing out water bottles in Athens on Friday

High temperatures have also been reaching into central parts of Europe, with Germany and Poland among countries affected.

Czech Republic's meteorological office issued a warning that temperatures over the weekend could go above 38C, which is exceptionally high for the country.

Highs of up to 47C are expected across some parts of southern Spain, south-eastern Italy and possibly Greece later in the week. It is likely that some city records will be broken.

In the UK, however, heavy showers and gusty winds are expected in parts of England on Saturday.

Meteorologists said this was because the southern shift of the jet stream, which was fuelling the hot weather in Europe, was also drawing low-pressure systems into the UK - bringing unsettled and cooler weather.

The current heatwave in Europe has been named Cerberus by the Italian Meteorological Society, after the three-headed monster that features in Dante's Inferno.

Italian weather forecasters are warning that the next heatwave - dubbed Charon after the ferryman who delivered souls into the underworld in Greek mythology - could push temperatures back up above 40C next week.

Heatwaves are also being seen in parts of the US, China, North Africa and Japan.

Italy is one of the countries experiencing soaring temperatures

Last month was the hottest June on record, according to the EU's climate monitoring service Copernicus.

The hottest temperature ever recorded in Europe was 48.8C in Sicily in August 2021.

Extreme weather resulting from warming climate is "unfortunately becoming the new normal", the World Meteorological Organisation (WMO) has warned.

How have you been affected by the extreme heat? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. BBC Wales environment correspondent Steffan Messenger explains why Ffos-y-Fran is closing and what happens next

The UK's last opencast coalmine has closed as fears mount over whether the massive site will be restored.

Documents seen by BBC News show concerns at the Welsh government and UK Coal Authority that Merthyr Tydfil's Ffos-y-Fran mine may be abandoned.

Estimated clean-up costs for the site - the size of 400 football pitches - have grown to between £120m and £175m.

Site operator Merthyr (South Wales) Ltd said it was in "constructive dialogue" with Merthyr Tydfil council.

Union Unite, which represents 115 workers being made redundant as coal mining stops, said it understood the company was "committed" to restoring the site in future and would not walk away.

Welsh mountain pony breeder Roy Thomas, 80, who lives metres from the mine's boundary, called it "a total blight" on his life for the past 16 years and described the mine as a "neighbour from hell".

The Welsh government allowed the controversial project to happen close to homes and businesses because it is a "land reclamation scheme" that requires the operator to return it to green hillside, with most of that work due to happen after mining had stopped.

Today a giant pit - which is about 656ft (200m) deep - remains.

A large black hole remains at Ffos-y-Fran, visible from parts of Merthyr Tydfil and the A465 Heads of the Valley road

Mr Thomas described the scene as "absolutely disgusting", adding that the mounds of spoil material should go back in the hole as there is "millions of tonnes of material in there".

Ffos-y-Fran has produced nearly 11.25m tonnes of coal since opening in 2008, and is responsible for 86% of the UK's total coal output.

Since September 2022, its owners have been digging without planning permission - an application for more time was refused and the firm appealed an enforcement notice before announcing a closure date of 30 November.

Negotiations between the firm and the council continue over what happens next.

The company has admitted "insufficient funds" had been set aside to carry out the agreed restoration work.

In a letter released under the Freedom of Information Act to campaign group Coal Action Network and shared with BBC News, the UK Coal Authority's chief executive criticised the council's approach.

Writing to the Welsh government on 20 October, Lisa Pinney said there had been "very little visible progress" in preparing for the mine's closure and "no agreed revised restoration plan or emergency response plan in place if the site should be abandoned".

How to manage rising water levels is one issue yet to be resolved, with Ms Pinney writing that, without a clear plan, "there is a clear risk to public safety and to the environment".

Another document released to the campaigners reveals advice for climate change minister Julie James.

The heavily redacted document, also sent to First Minister Mark Drakeford, said "officials consider the company is likely to seek administration" after coal mining stops.

Alternatively "they may seek to continue to restore the site", as long as they can draw down money from a £15m bank account held by the council, the document adds.

This escrow account was set up as a fall-back fund should the company go bust - the restoration itself is meant to be paid for out of the company's own finances.

Latest publicly available accounts for the firm's parent company suggest £71.4m was budgeted for in December 2021 as restoration provision.

Ffos-y-Fran as it looked at the start of mining in 2008

Daniel Therkelsen of Coal Action Network said settling for a far cheaper restoration would be a "betrayal to the 140,000 people in Merthyr Tydfil".

He said they had already "paid the price for the restoration promised to them with over 16 years of coal dust and noise pollution," and called for a public inquiry into the authorities' handling of the site.

Since it started, the scheme has paid £1 for every tonne of coal produced into a community fund, managed by the council, which offers grants to projects in the area.

Merthyr (South Wales) Ltd said it continued to hold "constructive dialogue with [Merthyr Tydfil council] and other relevant stakeholders on the revised restoration plan".

"There will be no further comment until the plan is finalised and approved by the relevant parties," it added.

It is understood a small team of staff is to be retained on site for "care and maintenance" but Unite's Jason Bartlett said the closure was "heart-breaking" for the workers involved.

A number of jobs could come back once the restoration plan had been negotiated, he said - but how many would "depend on what the plan looks like".

The Coal Authority said managing the mine's restoration and associated public safety was a matter for the landowner and local authority but it would provide advice as needed.

The council disputed criticism from the Coal Authority, saying negotiations to reach a "revised restoration plan" had been ongoing for more than year.

The Welsh government said: "Welsh Ministers cannot comment on individual cases as the Welsh government has a formal role in determining planning enforcement appeals."

Come on Barbie, let's get charty: Even Margot Robbie and Ryan Gosling can't resist a sing-along to the soundtrack

Barbie's already taken over the box office and now the film's soundtrack has conquered the UK music charts too.

Tracks by Billie Eilish, Dua Lipa and Nicki Minaj have stormed straight into the top five since the pink-tinged blockbuster's release one week ago.

And they weren't the only songs from the star-studded album to hit the chart.

Anywhere else he'd be a top 10, but Ryan Gosling brought some Kenergy at number 25 with his ballad I'm Just Ken.

Bosses of the Official Singles Chart say it's the first time three tracks from a soundtrack have reached the top five at the same time.

And they say it made history with a total of six tracks in the top 40:

Some of pop's biggest names were behind the soundtrack's pink, sparkly hits, and you might think that recruiting such a glitzy line-up would be hard work.

But the film's music supervisor George Drakoulias tells BBC Newsbeat you'd be wrong.

"Nobody said no," he says. "Everybody was really excited."

That included two stars at the top of George's wish list, Nicki Minaj and Lizzo, along with superstar writer and producer Mark Ronson.

George says he enticed Mark on to the project with a simple text message: "Hey Barbie?"

"He called me right back and we sent him a script," says George. "That started the ball rolling."

Mark ended up curating the soundtrack, writing the score and penning the film's closing song, Dance the Night Away, with Dua Lipa.

Dolly Chartin': Dua Lipa's song Dance the Night Away was the first song from the soundtrack to be released

The soundtrack's also played a big part in Barbie's massive marketing campaign.

Songs from the 17-track album have been steadily released in the run-up to the film's release, which George says has "helped fuel excitement for the movie".

"It was a perfect symbiotic relationship of the music driving the movie and the movie driving the music," he says.

"Once you saw the movie and how well the music works, as soon as they left the theatre people went out and got the album."

And, this being Barbie, physical copies of the soundtrack are available in "cotton candy" vinyl and on transparent pink cassette tapes.

Nicki Minaj collaborated with Ice Spice to release Barbie World, which has been streamed more than 42m times on YouTube

George refuses to reveal his favourite track but says he was "blown away" by Billie Eilish's What Was I Made For.

He says the singer was shown just 25 minutes of the film and managed to "take what she'd seen and encapsulate it into this heartbreaking song of being a woman".

George says he's very proud of the album and its success in the charts is "the icing on the cake".

"It's Barbie's world, we just live in it," he says.

Aqua's Barbie Girl, sampled in Nicki Minaj and Ice Spice's movie song, also returned to the chart for the first time since its original release in 1997.

And while plastic sure is fantastic, Dave and Central Cee kept the top spot, with Sprinter entering its eighth week at number one.

Olivia Rodrigo also sunk her teeth deeper into the number two slot, holding firm with Vampire.

As recently as 2018, The Greatest Showman soundtrack sold 2.1m copies in the UK, outpacing new releases by Drake and Ariana Grande.

But the idea of chart-topping artists working together on a blockbuster movie had largely fallen out of favour in the era of superhero franchises and cinematic universes.

Even before that, young adult movies like Twilight and Hunger Games were aligning themselves with credible alternative artists like Paramore, Iron & Wine and The National. Lorde even curated the (superb) music for Hunger Games: Mockingjay, Pt 1.

Over the last few years, there have been flickers of the traditional soundtrack album returning. OneRepublic's I Ain't Worried was a breakout hit from last year's Top Gun Maverick; and Post Malone & Swae Lee's Sunflower (from Spider-Man: Into The Spiderverse) was a top three single in 2018.

But, just like the movie, the Barbie soundtrack is confounding expectations. The tracklist is like a who's who of modern pop - Lizzo, Ice Spice, PinkPantheress, Dua Lipa. Is this the beginning of a new era?

Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 weekdays - or listen back here.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The Nepalese men guarded the UK embassy in Kabul

A group of Nepalese security guards who were rescued from the fall of Kabul in 2021 are facing removal from the UK, 19 months later.

The 13 Nepalese military veterans - known as Gurkhas - were employed guarding the UK embassy in Kabul.

Their lawyers say their legal right to remain in the UK since their rescue has been "voided" by the Home Office.

A Home Office spokesman denied anyone with a permanent right to live in the UK had had it removed.

The men, who are Nepalese and Indian nationals aged between 37 and 60, were working for a private security firm that guarded the compound housing the UK and Canadian embassies in Kabul.

The Afghan capital fell to the Taliban in August 2021, as the government of President Ashraf Ghani collapsed and he fled the country.

Thousands of Afghans who had served alongside British military and government personnel were evacuated from Kabul amid chaotic scenes.

A lawyer for some of the security guards said 10 of them were detained in handcuffs in an early morning raid on their west London hotel last week.

They had been living in the hotel and working in its kitchen, serving food to other Afghan evacuees.

They've since been held in immigration removal centres close to Gatwick and Heathrow airports.

Removal directions for the group are scheduled to begin on Thursday 6 April.

Bam Gurung, 37, who worked for 10 years as an embassy security guard, told the BBC he had hoped to start a new life in the UK and serve in the Army.

He said: "We are very, very saddened. [For] two days I have cried with my friend, I cry with my mum.

"I would have made good life in the UK and I would have contributed to the UK government."

The BBC has been shown biometric residence permits for two of the men stating that they have indefinite leave to remain in the UK.

This immigration status allows holders a life-long right to live, work and claim benefits.

Jamie Bell, of Duncan Lewis Solicitors, said: "All were evacuated on the same flight and all of their claims were processed together. It is entirely unclear as to why there has been a difference in treatment between them.

"We have received no clarity from the Home Office as to why having evacuated these brave men, they are now being treated in an inhumane and cruel way."

Mr Bell said the immigration status of five of the men appeared to have been settled until the surprise raid.

Eight others had been told they were ineligible for Indefinite Leave to Remain (ILR) status after the Home Office applied on their behalf following the Kabul rescue.

A spokesman for the Home Office said: "We remain committed to providing protection for vulnerable and at-risk people fleeing Afghanistan and so far have brought around 24,500 people impacted by the situation back to the UK.

"In this instance, there has been no change to the immigration status of individuals who have been granted Indefinite Leave to Remain and it would be incorrect to suggest this has been removed."

Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky says an alleged Russian agent involved in the deadly attack in Kramatorsk will be charged with treason.

Those helping Russia destroy lives deserve the "maximum penalty", he said.

Twelve people, including three teenagers, were killed in Tuesday's missile strike on a popular restaurant.

Ukraine said the man, a resident of Kramatorsk, sent video footage of the restaurant to the Russian military hours before it was destroyed.

Fourteen-year-old twin sisters Yuliya and Anna Aksenchenko and a 17-year-old girl were among those killed.

"Russian missiles stopped the beating of the hearts of two angels," Kramatorsk city council's education department said in a statement.

At least 60 others were injured, including Colombian nationals and a leading Ukrainian writer.

On Wednesday, Ukrainian security services released a photo of a local man that they arrested, describing him as a Russian agent.

Speaking in his nightly address, Mr Zelensky explained that the country's security services had worked alongside police special forces to detain the suspect - who may face life imprisonment.

Emergency services said on Wednesday that search and rescue efforts were still ongoing.

Kramatorsk, an eastern city in the Donetsk region, is under Ukrainian control but it is close to Russian-occupied parts of the country.

In April last year, more than 50 people were killed and many more were wounded in a missile strike on a train station in the city.

The Ria lounge, which was targeted this time, was a popular venue regularly hosting international journalists, volunteers and Ukrainian soldiers taking a break from the nearby front lines.

Authorities in Kramatorsk named two of the victims of last night's attack as 14-year-old twins Yuliya and Anna Aksenchenko.

Sergio Jaramillo Caro, a former Colombia peace negotiator, told the BBC he was sitting in the restaurant when it came under attack on Tuesday night, but he only suffered minor injuries.

Mr Jaramillo Caro described the moments that followed the explosion, saying that he saw "particles moving in slow motion" as he tried to understand what was going on.

A leading Ukrainian writer sitting with them - whose identity is not being disclosed - is in a critical condition and "fighting for her life".

"Please pray for her", Mr Jaramillo Caro said.

Colombian President Gustavo Petro condemned Russia's attack on "defenceless" Colombians, saying it violated war protocols. Mr Petro went on to instruct his foreign ministry to deliver a diplomatic note of protest.

Valentyna, a Kramatorsk resident who owns a cafe near the site spoke of the damage following the attack. "Everything has been blown out there," she told Reuters news agency, adding that "none of the glass, windows or doors are left".

The Kremlin claimed again to only carry out strikes on military targets, and Russia's defence ministry claimed it had destroyed a "temporary deployment of [Ukrainian] commanders" in Kramatorsk, without elaborating further.

An adviser to Ukraine's defence ministry, Yuri Sak, told the BBC that Ukraine's air defences were currently "insufficient to cover the full territory of Ukraine".

Ukraine continues to ask its allies to provide them with modern fighter jets to help it defend itself from Russian strikes.

Last month, the US said it would support the war-torn country by allowing Western allies to supply American-made F16s, and by training Ukrainian pilots to use the jets.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.
• None Eight killed in strike on centre of Ukrainian city

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Thousands welcome summer solstice at Stonehenge in Wiltshire

About 10,000 people have gathered to welcome the summer solstice at Stonehenge.

Druids and pagans joined a colourful mix of visitors to mark the longest day of the year at the ancient site near Salisbury, Wiltshire.

On the solstice, the sun rises behind the entrance to the stone circle, and rays of light are channelled into the centre of the monument.

Many people travel from around the world to celebrate at the stones.

Stonehenge's distinctive formation aligns to both the midsummer sunrise and the midwinter sunset.

People capture the sunrise over the stones

Rhode Island family Katelyn Sanders, Carolyn Pare and Vanessa had come for their first solstice

BBC Radio Wiltshire's Karen Gardner was at Stonehenge as the morning broke.

There will be 16 hours of daylight on Wednesday.

Friends Janet Burns and Gill Richardson wore sunflowers to celebrate the solstice

Janet Burns and Gill Richardson, from County Durham, joined the celebrations in Salisbury.

"I wasn't sure what to expect but it exceeded my expectations," Ms Burns said.

Ms Richardson added: "Amazing, absolutely amazing. Never experienced anything like it, it was just fantastic."

People often touch or hug the stones as the sun rises

Friends take a selfie as the sun rises about the stone circle at Stonehenge

21 June will be the longest day of 2023

"What a sunrise that we've experienced this morning," said Scott Ashman, head of Stonehenge for English Heritage.

He said the sunrise "catches you off guard".

"You walk around with your back towards the sun, then you hear the cheers then you turn around and it's there."

Scott Ashman from English Heritage said it was a "perfect sunrise"

Mr Ashman said he has to pinch himself sometimes, adding: "I really do look after one of the greatest wonders of the world."

Kate, who lives in France, said she had not had the chance to visit Stonehenge since before the coronavirus pandemic.

"It feels really wonderful to be back in the craziness of it all," she said.

"I think it's a really lovely way for people to exist in a more gentle and more present way than we have the opportunity to do in our normal lives."

Kate said solstice at Stonehenge was "a beautiful way to celebrate our more ancient traditions in the UK"

Thousands waited to mark the longest day of the year

Sarah (l) introduced her newborn Rudi to Stonehenge, along with friend Charlotte

Sarah, from Bristol, said baby Rudi "slept the whole way through".

"It's been a lot more noise than we thought there might be."

She said that made it hard to "connect with nature", but added: "It's been an experience."

Senior druid King Arthur Pendragon conducts a service at Stonehenge on every solstice

It is believed solstices have been celebrated at Stonehenge for thousands of years.

It is the second summer solstice event at the stones since the pandemic

Follow BBC West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: bristol@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Sales of smart speakers have "fallen off a cliff" as customers cut back and trade down on electrical items, the boss of Currys has said.

Sales overall fell 7% in the year to 29 April as people bought cheaper goods due to the rising cost of living.

Shoppers also bought more products on credit to spread their costs.

"People aren't as interested in Amazon Alexa as they used to be," managing director Alex Baldock told the BBC's Today programme.

This is surprising as many industry analysts have predicted a boom in smart speakers.

However, the firm said that after a surge in sales during the first stages of the Covid pandemic, people were not upgrading.

Mr Baldock said that shoppers were "being careful with their money".

He said some shoppers were also trading down to buy lower value items.

These included TVs and smaller kitchen appliances like kettles, where an entry level product "still boils water for you", the firm said.

It said it was "wary of optimism about consumer spending power" in the coming year.

Smart speakers were "selling like hot cakes" a few years ago, but now sales have come back down, according to Joseph Teasdale, head of tech at Enders Analysis.

He said people do not tend to replace them once they have one, and "maybe you buy a second device for the kitchen, but not much more than that".

But more importantly, "smart speakers just aren't that smart", Mr Teasdale added.

"They're great if you want to set a timer, find out the weather forecast, or listen to the radio. But they're a long way from an all-purpose artificial intelligence assistant," he said.

"If you don't word your request just right, they don't understand you, and half the time they can't do what you want them to anyway."

He added that privacy concerns were part of why there had been a fall-off in smart speaker sales.

"Some people will never want an always-on, internet connected microphone in their homes," he said.

Amazon said that Currys was responsible for "a very small number of our High Street device sales".

"More than eight million people in the UK use Alexa every day and the number of UK customers interacting with Alexa increased 15% last year," the retail giant added.

Currys said more of its customers were using credit to buy more expensive products, particularly if they thought it could save them money in the long term.

For example, energy-efficient washing machines, although more expensive upfront, would save money as bills soared.

Nearly 18% of goods at the chain were bought this way in the year, compared with 13% previously.

"Credit has never been more important for customers than during a cost of living crisis," the retailer said.

Customers were choosing more energy-efficient products because they were aware this was better for the environment too, it added.

Shares in the retailer dropped more than 7% after it said that it was wary about the prospects for consumer demand bouncing back.

Struggling households have been hammered by rising prices over the past few years as food, energy and fuel costs have soared.

To battle inflation, the Bank of England has been raising interest rates - but this has been putting more pressure on people with big loans, such as mortgages.

However, the pace of general price rises has not eased as much as had been hoped, leading to predictions of more interest rate rises.

For the Welsh for "others safe", the message incorrectly read "eraill yn Vogel"

A translation blunder that saw a Slovenian ski resort mentioned in the Welsh version of the emergency alert test has been blamed on autocorrect.

For the Welsh for "others safe", the test message read "eraill yn Vogel" instead of "eraill yn ddiogel".

Vogel has no meaning in Welsh, as there is no letter V in the alphabet. But it is a ski resort and German for bird.

Deputy Prime Minister Oliver Dowden insisted the "essence of the message remained unchanged".

The message appeared on the home screens of mobile phones and tablets at 15:00 BST, accompanied by a loud siren-like sound lasting about 10 seconds.

He told MPs: "An online system made a small autocorrect, rendering one word in the Welsh test message incorrect."

He also said anyone travelling between Wales and England on Sunday would have received two alerts.

This, he added, would be addressed in a "lessons learned" exercise.

Mr Dowden has said one in five compatible mobiles did not get the alert, with the Three network having a problem supporting multiple messages, which meant some people did not get it.

Mr Dowden called the test successful, saying it was, "the largest simultaneous public message in UK history".

He said there were "no security or public safety issues" and no events were disrupted.

"The system is now fully operable," he said, adding that further tests were possible.

Colin Pitchfork was jailed for life for raping and strangling two 15-year-old girls, Lynda Mann and Dawn Ashworth

The Lord Chancellor has asked the Parole Board to reconsider its decision to allow child killer Colin Pitchfork to be released from prison.

Pitchfork was jailed for life for raping and strangling two teenage girls in Leicestershire in 1983 and 1986.

Lord Chancellor and Justice Secretary Alex Chalk said it was "absolutely vital" dangerous offenders were kept behind bars.

He said there was an arguable case the board's decision was irrational.

Pitchfork became the first murderer to be convicted using DNA evidence.

He was jailed for a minimum of 30 years in 1988 for the murder of Lynda Mann and Dawn Ashworth.

This was later reduced to 28 years for good behaviour.

Dawn Ashworth and Lynda Mann were raped and murdered by Pitchfork

The 63-year-old was released from prison in 2021 but was arrested and sent back to prison two months later.

He was granted parole in June following a hearing held in private in April.

In a statement on Monday, Mr Chalk said: "My thoughts remain with the families of Lynda Mann and Dawn Ashworth, whose lives were changed forever by the heinous crimes of Colin Pitchfork.

"My number one priority is public protection and after careful assessment I have asked the Parole Board to reconsider their decision to release him.

"It is absolutely vital that every lawful step is taken to keep dangerous offenders behind bars."

The Lord Chancellor is a senior member of the cabinet and heads the Ministry of Justice.

His intervention comes after the Conservative MP for South Leicestershire Alberto Costa called for the parole decision to be challenged.

Mr Costa said: "I am very grateful to the justice secretary for listening to me and my constituents by challenging the Parole Board's deeply disappointing decision.

"Like many, I was aghast at the recent decision.

"The Parole Board now has a further opportunity to get this decision right and to ensure that Colin Pitchfork stays in prison where he belongs".

After the decision was made public last month, a Parole Board spokesperson said: "Parole reviews are undertaken thoroughly and with extreme care. Protecting the public is our number one priority, however our sole focus in law is risk, not punishment, and must be based on evidence.

"This case is eligible for reconsideration if any party thinks the decision is irrational or unfair."

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, on Twitter, or on Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

Arman Soldin was killed in a rocket attack close to Bakhmut in May

France has posthumously awarded its highest honour to an AFP video journalist killed in Ukraine.

Arman Soldin, 32, who died in a rocket attack close to Bakhmut in May, was made a knight of the Legion of Honour.

French President Emmanuel Macron hailed Soldin's "bravery" in a letter sent to the Agence France-Presse news agency.

Soldin is one of at least 17 journalists killed in Ukraine since Russia's invasion, according to the Committee to Protect Journalists.

He was given the honour by a presidential decree on Thursday - one of 358 citizens rewarded from across French society.

Henri d'Anselme, dubbed the "backpack hero" for chasing off a knife attacker in a playground in the town of Annecy, was decorated along with two other men who intervened.

In an earlier letter to Agence France Presse, President Macron praised its video journalist's "strength of character, his journey and his drive".

"Arman Soldin embodied your editorial staff's passion - a passion to convey the truth, tell stories and gather testimonies. It was a passion for a cause: the duty to inform," he said.

Soldin was killed after he was hit by rocket fire near Chasiv Yar, just west of Bakhmut, on 9 May, when a team of journalists came under attack while with a group of Ukrainian soldiers. The rest of the AFP team were unharmed.

He died "with his camera in his hand", his colleague Emmanuel Peuchot said.

At the time, Bakhmut had been the epicentre of fighting between Ukrainian and Russian forces for several months.

France's anti-terrorism prosecutor's office has opened a war crimes investigation into his death.

Soldin, born in Bosnia but a French national, was part of the first AFP team to go to Ukraine following Russia's invasion in February last year and had lived there since September.

As an infant, he fled fighting in Bosnia with his family, taking a humanitarian flight to France in April 1992, according to AFP.

The agency's Europe director, Christine Buhagiar, remembered Soldin as "enthusiastic, energetic and brave", and said he had been "totally devoted to his craft".

The Legion of Honour is France's top accolade for an elite group of people who distinguish themselves through civilian or military valour.

It was introduced by Napoleon Bonaparte, then first consul of the French Republic, in 1802.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

Conservative MP Bob Stewart has been charged with racially abusing a man he allegedly told to "go back to Bahrain".

The Beckenham MP faces two public order charges relating to an incident outside an event hosted by the Bahraini embassy.

It occurred after a campaigner pressed him on his links to the country outside the event in December last year.

Mr Stewart will appear at Westminster Magistrates' Court on 5 July.

The Metropolitan Police said Mr Stewart faced one charge of using threatening or abusive words or behaviour, where the offence was racially aggravated.

He also faces an alternative charge of threatening behaviour likely to cause harassment, alarm or distress, the force added.

The force said the alternative charge related to the same incident, and would "allow the court discretion on the racial element".

In the December incident, Mr Stewart was confronted by a human rights activist who says he is living in exile after being tortured in the Gulf state of Bahrain.

After the activist pressed him on his links to the country, Mr Stewart is alleged to have said: "Get stuffed. Bahrain's a great place. End of."

He is then accused of telling the man to: "Go back to Bahrain."

The Metropolitan Police said it opened an investigation after receiving a complaint from a man alleging he had been verbally racially abused.

It is understood Mr Stewart will continue to sit as a Conservative MP, with a source in the party's whips saying he would contest the charges.

Mr Stewart, 73, is a former Army officer and has represented the south London constituency of Beckenham since 2010.

Poorer areas in Malawi's main city Blantyre have been hardest-hit by the storm

The devastation caused by a tropical storm that ripped through Malawi, killing 225 people is a "national tragedy", the president has said.

Lazarus Chakwera promised to intensify search and rescue operations, as he attended the funeral of some victims.

Tropical Storm Freddy led to people being swept away by raging waters, or being buried under landslides.

The government has set up 30 emergency camps for at least 20,000 people who have had to leave their homes.

Blantyre, the hilly commercial capital of Malawi, has been worst-affected, with residents dying in landslides and homes crumbling into flood waters.

"Even our health workers need help," Health Minister Khumbize Kandodo Chiponda told the BBC's Focus on Africa programme.

Described the situation as "very fragile", she said that more than five million people had been affected by the storm.

"We have a history of getting cyclones. Unfortunately for Freddy, it was totally different, totally unexpected," she said.

"We are still recovering dead bodies. One child was recovered, fortunately still alive," Ms Chiponda added.

The government's disaster management agency said that 41 people were still missing, and more than 700 had been injured as the storm tore through Blantyre, and other parts of southern Malawi.

"My best friend, her brother, sister and mother went with the mudslide and their bodies have not been found. It's devastating. You can't even mourn," 19-year-old Blantyre resident Fadila Njolomole was quoted by AFP news agency as saying.

President Chakwera, wearing rubber boots and a raincoat, attended the funeral service of 21 victims at a primary school in the city.

"I appeal for more assistance from international partners and donors. This is a national tragedy that has affected every one of us," he said.

President Chakwera has visited some of the victims of the storm in Blantyre

The collapse of roads and bridges has hampered rescue operations, while helicopters have had difficulty flying because of the heavy rains and strong winds, although these have now eased.

The defence minister earlier said that a military helicopter would be despatched to rescue two soldiers who spent Tuesday night on a tree-top to avoid being swept away by the powerful currents of a river below them.

The soldiers were on a mission to rescue flood survivors when their boat capsized, forcing them to swim until they reached a tree.

Two other soldiers and a civilian managed to swim to safety, but the other two were reported missing, raising fears that they had drowned.

In another village in the Mulanje area, a man sent a WhatsApp message on Tuesday, saying heavy rains and winds were surging towards them from two mountainous areas.

"We have no hope, nowhere to go," he said, adding that women, children and the elderly were among those who needed to be evacuated.

It is unclear whether a rescue team has reached them.

Freddy has dumped the equivalent of six months of rainfall in six days on Malawi and neighbouring Mozambique.

About 20 deaths have been reported in Mozambique.

UN official Myrta Kaulard said the devastation in Mozambique was not as bad as feared because its government had invested in flood defence measures after being hit by tropical storms for the past three years.

"This is a huge demonstration of how much huge investments are required because of the intensity of climate change on a country like Mozambique," she told the BBC's Newsday programme.

Freddy is one of only four storms in history to traverse the entire Indian Ocean from north-western Australia to mainland Africa. Freddy could also be the longest-lasting tropical cyclone on record, according to the World Meteorological Organization.

On Sunday the storm struck Mozambique as a cyclone - for the second time in a less than a month - after battering the island nation of Madagascar in the Indian Ocean, causing severe destruction.

Experts say climate change is making tropical storms around the world wetter, windier and more intense.

The storm has also crippled power supplies in Malawi, with most parts of the country experiencing prolonged blackouts.

The national electricity company said it was unable to get its hydro-power plant working as it had been filled with debris.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Gary Lineker struggled with his voice on Saturday's show

Gary Lineker is not presenting FA Cup quarter-final coverage as planned on Sunday after losing his voice.

He had returned to football shows on Saturday, having been taken off air earlier this month following an impartiality row with the BBC.

But on Sunday he said he had been "silenced... literally, by a nasty cold" and "annoyingly" would not be in Brighton for the match.

Lineker could be heard struggling with his voice on Saturday's live coverage of Manchester City v Burnley.

In a tweet on Sunday morning, BBC Sport said the presenter's voice deteriorated overnight and therefore there would be "a line-up change" of its presenters on Sunday.

The impartiality row followed a critical tweet Linker sent on the government's asylum policy, describing it as an "immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s".

As a result, the BBC took him off air saying that he had broken social media guidelines.

Last weekend's Match of the Day was then broadcast without presenters or commentary and was only 20 minutes long after many of Lineker's BBC Sport colleagues walked out in solidarity with him.

On Monday the BBC said it would hold an independent review of its social media guidelines, particularly for freelancers like Lineker. But they said the 62-year-old could return in the meantime.

When he returned to TV screens for Saturday's quarter-final, he said it was "great to be here".

At the start of the programme, his BBC Sport colleague Alan Shearer acknowledged it had been a "difficult situation for everyone concerned" and it was "good to be talking about football again".

Lineker stressed on Twitter that he was never going to present Match of the Day this weekend, with Mark Chapman taking on that role instead. Instead, he was focusing on the FA Cup games.

BBC director general Tim Davie has said he is committed to looking at how the corporation's impartiality guidelines apply to freelance staff, accepting there are "grey areas".

A police officer has appeared in court charged with the rape of a woman while on duty.

Sgt David Stansbury, 42, from Ilminster in Somerset, made a brief appearance at Bristol Magistrates' Court charged with three counts of raping a woman in Plymouth.

The court heard the offences allegedly occurred between 23 October and 30 November 2009.

Wearing a suit and tie, Sgt Stansbury stood to confirm his name and address.

He was not asked to enter a plea to the three charges against him.

The offences allegedly occurred between 23 October and 30 November 2009

He was granted unconditional bail and is due to appear at Bristol Crown Court on 10 May.

Sgt Stansbury is a serving officer with Hertfordshire Police and has been suspended from duty.

He served with Devon and Cornwall Police between 2009 and 2011.

Follow BBC News South West on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Send your story ideas to spotlight@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

A woman from Falkirk has died while undergoing gastric band surgery in Turkey.

Shannon Bowe died during the procedure, where a band is used to reduce the size of the stomach, on Saturday.

Tributes have been paid to the 28-year-old, who lived in Denny, on social media.

A Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office spokesman said they were supporting the family of a British national who died in Turkey.

Shannon's boyfriend, Ross Stirling, has led tributes on Facebook. He wrote: "Sleep tight my angel, love you forever and always."

Another friend wrote: "No words, absolutely devastated. Life is so cruel. You will be forever in our hearts Shannon Bowe."

A Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office spokesperson said: "We are supporting the family of a British national who died in Turkey and are in contact with the local authorities."

Secret Garden Party is due to take place 20-23 July

Glastonbury, Leeds and Reading Festivals have said they'll have drug safety tests this year.

There were fears the service wouldn't be at UK festivals in 2023 after it was missing from Manchester's Parklife.

But Glastonbury and Festival Republic, which runs events including Leeds and Reading, say they'll have "back-of-house" testing as usual.

The picture for smaller events which previously relied on a charity to carry out their tests isn't so clear.

Independent festival organisers have told Newsbeat that last-minute changes by the government mean they can't check drugs this year.

One event that says it definitely won't have drug testing in 2023 is the Secret Garden Party (SGP).

The boutique festival in Cambridgeshire was the first in the UK to offer public access front-of-house testing in 2016.

This is where people can have drugs checked to make sure they're safe - but the last time it happened at UK festivals was in 2018.

Since then, events have used back-of-house testing - where confiscated or surrendered drugs are checked behind the scenes and alerts sent out if problems are found.

SGP boss Freddie Fellowes tells BBC Newsbeat it was due to return to his festival this year, but now that won't be happening.

The situation is similar to Parklife, which had planned to have tests in place but ditched them 48 hours before the event.

Founder of the Manchester event, Sacha Lord, said he was told a special licence would be needed this year, and blamed a government "u-turn".

But the Home Office, which is in charge of policing and drugs policy, insists nothing has changed.

Warnings about troubling substances - like this one from Secret Garden Party last year - are often circulated

Glastonbury Festival says it will be carrying out back-of-house testing "on drugs which have been surrendered or seized" this year, as they normally do.

"The results of these tests are used to inform appropriate healthcare messaging," it told Newsbeat.

And Festival Republic Boss Melvin Benn told BBC Radio Berkshire he was "confident" Leeds and Reading's testing arrangements "meet all the government requirements".

Newsbeat's been told that bigger festivals with corporate backing are able to employ private companies to do their testing.

But smaller festivals have previously used The Loop - a drugs charity - to perform theirs.

The bosses of Parklife and SGP both told BBC Newsbeat that they'd been able to do this through agreements with police and local councils.

Regulations in place since 2001 state that drug testing providers need to have a licence.

But the Home Office has previously said it "wouldn't stand in the way" of arrangements with local authorities.

However, festivals say this is the first year that they've been told at short notice they'll need a separate permit - and that getting one could take three months.

Freddie says this isn't enough time for SGP - which is being held from 20 to 23 July.

Glastonbury Festival say they will have drug testing this year

"We are now in a position where harm reduction has been set back by over 10 years," says Freddie.

"Let's just be really honest, people do take recreational drugs. And there's nothing that I as a festival organiser can do to change that."

Freddie says the lack of testing at SGP this year means the festival "will be responding by upping the amount of eyes and ears we have out on welfare".

He feels there's a lack of clear guidance and a "complete unwillingness from the Home Office to engage" in the conversation with anyone on the front lines.

A Home Office spokesperson says: "Our position hasn't changed. Drug testing providers must have a licence to test for controlled drugs, including at festivals.

"We have consistently made this condition clear, and law enforcement have always had a responsibility to uphold this legal requirement.

"We continue to keep an open dialogue with any potential applicants.

"Festivals aiming to test drugs off their site this summer must work with the police and a Home Office-licensed drug-testing provider".

Sacha Lord's told Newsbeat he's meeting lawyers and other festival bosses to discuss taking the Home Office to court.

Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 weekdays - or listen back here.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

A man has been been sentenced to a whole-life prison term for murdering Met Police sergeant Matiu Ratana.

Sgt Ratana, 54, was shot in the chest and leg at Croydon custody centre by Louis De Zoysa, who had smuggled an antique gun into the building following his arrest on 25 September 2020.

He was found guilty of murder, having claimed diminished responsibility.

Sgt Ratana's partner Su Bushby said her grief was "tormenting" and spoke of an "intense" feeling of emptiness.

De Zoysa, 26, of Banstead, Surrey, shot himself after the attack and was left with brain damage.

The defendant, who communicated in court using a whiteboard, remained impassive as the whole-life order was handed down.

Louis De Zoysa was found guilty of murder in June

Sentencing at Northampton Crown Court, Mr Justice Jeremy Johnson said De Zoysa's autism and the impact on his family were not sufficient mitigating factors for a lesser term.

He said: "You acted in cold blood. You intended to kill Sgt Ratana. You aimed the gun at his chest at near point-blank range.

"Even as he fell you re-aimed and fired a second shot at him. The aggravating factors outweigh the mitigating factors."

De Zoysa, who will serve his sentence at Belmarsh prison, becomes the 65th person in jail in England and Wales under a whole-life order

During a three-week trial, the jury was shown video footage of the New Zealand-born sergeant being hit in the chest by the first of three shots discharged by De Zoysa.

A second bullet struck him in his thigh before De Zoysa was wrestled to the ground by other officers.

Sgt Ratana, who was known as Matt, died of his injuries in hospital.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Footage of the shooting was shown to the jury

In the hours before Mr Ratana's death, De Zoysa was arrested while walking along London Road in Norbury, south London.

He told the two arresting officers he was carrying cannabis. However, in a holster hidden under his left arm he was also found to be carrying an antique Colt revolver.

His waistband was checked and he was frisked, but the officers missed the gun. They had no metal detector in their patrol car.

De Zoysa was then taken to Croydon custody centre in the back of a police van. Detectives believe it was during this journey he moved the gun from the holster to his hands, still cuffed behind his back.

There was also no metal detector at the entrance to the custody area, so the gun was not found as he entered. Once inside the custody suite, Sgt Ratana told De Zoysa he would need to be searched again.

As another officer pulled him to his feet, De Zoysa brought his still-cuffed hands from behind his back and shot Sgt Ratana in the heart.

Ms Bushy told the court she had "lost her soulmate" and had been "in a state of limbo" ever since.

She said: "I just sat there, waiting and willing him to walk through the door. I still do to this day.

"I am hoping that one day it will get easier but at the moment the nightmare continues.

"At this moment in time, I cannot forgive him for what he has done; the person who shot Matt and ripped my life apart, my life as I once knew it."

The court also heard victim impact statements from other members of Sgt Ratana's family.

His sister Jessica Williams said: "The cruel and senseless actions of one man have left me and my family broken.

"The impact of what this person has done has left me shattered... I feel like I could drown in the amount of grief I carry each day."

Sgt Ratana's brother James William Young said he had felt "hatred and anger" but "most of all pain and sorrow" since the shooting.

"The loss of my brother has been the hardest event in my life."

Met Commissioner Sir Mark Rowley described Sgt Ratana as an outstanding officer who "treated everyone with respect, with compassion and with good humour".

He said: "Whether it was on the streets or in the custody centre, as a uniformed police officer, on the rugby field or later as a coach, it's clear that he was someone who made an enduring impact wherever he went."

You can watch the full story of the case on BBC iPlayer.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. "She had half my heart and I had half of hers" - Chloe Mitchell's sister pays tribute to her

The family of Chloe Mitchell have been going through a "living hell" following the murder of the 21-year-old Ballymena woman, her older brother has said.

Philip Mitchell told BBC News NI his family was "devastated," but he also thanked people in the County Antrim town for the support they have shown.

Ms Mitchell went missing in Ballymena on 2 June and just over a week later a man was charged with her murder.

Hundreds of people attended vigils in Ballymena and Belfast on Wednesday.

"I think its amazing the way the community - not just the Ballymena and Harryville community - but every community and further afield has come together in memory of my wee sister Chloe," Philip Mitchell said.

"And the flowers and respect they've had is absolutely outstanding. It's completely respected by our family and will always be remembered."

There were emotional scenes at a vigil near where Chloe grew up

Asked how the family was coping, Mr Mitchell said: "I wouldn't want any family to go through this, it's just a living hell really and there's no words."

Speaking beside her brother, Nadine Mitchell said: "I've not only lost my sister but I've lost my best friend."

Describing Chloe, she said she "was special because she touched so many hearts".

"My sister will always be living, while I am, because she had half of my heart and I currently have half of hers."

Chloe Mitchell's brother and uncle viewing floral tributes ahead of the vigil in Ballymena

Chloe Mitchell was the youngest of her family and is survived by her parents, two older sisters and two older brothers.

Chloe's uncle Billy McDowell said the family's grief was "unbearable".

"It's so hard for them to cope with at the minute," he added, explaining that the immediate Mitchell family had asked for privacy when in their own home.

But he said they appreciated the public's help during the searches and their support at the vigils.

Mourners released balloons into the air in Chloe's memory

Hundreds of people attended a vigil in King George V park in Ballymena, organised by a mental health charity, Turning Point NI.

Speaking at the event Philip Mitchell thanked the charity for hosting the vigil and paid tribute to police for "every thing they had done for my wee sister".

It feels like all of Harryville has turned out to this vigil, within sight of where Chloe Mitchell grew up.

Many were in tears as they hugged and comforted each other.

There is a growing pile of floral tributes in the park, many bearing the words: "Forever 21".

This is a tight knit community and people are gathering tonight to remember Chloe and comfort her family.

There was a round of applause for members of the Community Search and Rescue team who searched for her.

A vigil in Belfast was also held at City Hall, organised by the socialist feminist movement Rosa NI.

The father of Natalie McNally, who was murdered in Lurgan in December, attended the Belfast event to show solidarity with the Mitchell family.

"Our family knows exactly what [they're] going through, you wouldn't wish it on your worst enemy," Noel McNally said.

"Everyone has to stick together to stop this violence against women…stop treating women like second-class citizens, everybody has to be treated equally."

Ann Orr from Rosa said she organised the vigil to give people an opportunity to express their grief and sorrow as well as a show of support for Chloe's family and friends.

She said there was a "collective grief" over Ms Mitchell's death, highlighting she is the 18th woman to be murdered in Northern Ireland since 2020.

Crowds gathered in front of Belfast city hall this evening holding banners with different words but the same message - to end violence against women and girls.

Among the banners were posters featuring the face of 21-year-old Chloe Mitchell as well as other women murdered in Northern Ireland including Natalie McNally and Hollie Thomson.

Some of those posters were held by members of those women's families who were there to show solidarity with the Mitchell family.

A one minute silence was held in honour of Chloe - a stark contrast to the chants lead by organisers before that silence.

On Monday, police investigating the murder appealed for people to stop sharing and commenting on graphic videos and texts circulating on social media platforms.

The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) said the material contained inaccuracies and was "also causing significant distress to Chloe's family and friends".

Flowers have been spread across King George's Park, Harryville, Ballymena

Det Ch Insp Millar added: "I am also aware of commentary in the media speculating about the recovery of human remains at specific locations.

"We would ask people not to comment and share such matters as they are likely to be incorrect, inaccurate and very hurtful to Chloe's family."

Mr Feijóo said it was his duty to try to form a government, but his chances look very slim

Spain has entered a phase of political uncertainty that could see the country return to the polls in just a few months.

The conservative People's Party (PP) won the most seats but fell short of a parliamentary majority, even with the support of the far-right Vox party.

Now, the conservatives and the incumbent Socialists will both separately try to form coalitions.

PP leader Alberto Núñez Feijóo and his rival, Socialist Prime Minister Pedro Sánchez, will each begin negotiations on Monday to try to head off a fresh vote, which might take place by the end of 2023.

As the leader of the party that won the most votes, Mr Feijóo will be invited by King Felipe VI to try to form a government. If Mr Feijóo declines on the grounds that he cannot muster enough support - as former PP leader Mariano Rajoy did in a similar situation in 2015 - the king may turn to Mr Sánchez.

If the candidate accepts the king's invitation, he then has two months to secure a majority.

Failing that, new elections must be held.

PP official Borja Sémper said Mr Sánchez is the first person Mr Feijóo will call to ask him to agree to support the PP in forming a "solo government with specific agreements" - a request the Socialist prime minister is unlikely to agree to.

Despite the inconclusive results, Mr Feijóo told cheering conservative supporters that it was now his duty to try to form a government.

"Spaniards know we have gone from being the second force to the party with the most votes," he said, adding: "I hope this doesn't start a period of uncertainty in Spain."

But that is what Spain is facing. Because with far-right party Vox on 33 seats and Mr Feijóo's PP on 136, they would be seven seats short of an absolute majority of 176 in parliament.

That is why Mr Sánchez's Socialists and his far-left allies Sumar appeared happiest in the wake of the results.

"The reactionary bloc of regression, which set out a complete reversal of all the advances that we've achieved over the past four years, has failed," he told supporters.

Socialist supporters in Madrid were delighted with leader Pedro Sánchez's performance

One Spanish website, El Español, said that despite the PP's victory, Mr Sánchez still had a chance of forming a government.

But those very slim chances would require going even further than before in securing separatist support.

Mr Sanchez would need the support of hardline, pro-independence party Together for Catalonia (Junts). But its leader, Carles Puigdemont, who has been living in self-imposed exile in Belgium since Catalonia's failed independence bid in 2017, said earlier this month that Junts would not support either the Socialists or the PP.

On Monday, the party's general secretary Jordi Turull seemed to indicate the party could use its new kingmaker status as a bargaining chip to advance the cause of Catalan independence.

But although Mr Sánchez has taken steps to normalise relations with the separatists by pardoning jailed pro-independence leaders and downgrading the crime of secession, he has repeatedly and firmly said that he would not allow Catalonia to hold a referendum on self-determination.

While PP leader Mr Feijóo declared victory after the results were announced, one of the few leaders who showed no sign of celebrating was far-right Vox leader Santiago Abascal. "It's a day of concern," he said on Sunday night.

Political analyst Iago Moreno said the far right blamed the conservative PP for "complicity in the demonisation of Vox", seeing Sunday's result as the beginning of a journey to a "second round" which could come by Christmas.

"We have not achieved our objectives to kick Pedro Sanchez out... There will probably be another election where we can make this happen," Mr Abascal said.

While the Socialist leader and Sumar put on a show of unity in a TV debate last week, conservative leader Mr Feijóo was conspicuously absent, giving the impression that Vox was on its own.

But Vox voters did come out in force, backing Mr Abascal's platform of anti-immigration and anti-feminism. Many saw him as their best hope of defending Spain's traditional values.

Turnout topped 70% on Sunday, as voters sensed the importance of this rare mid-summer election. That was partly due to almost 2.5 million postal votes being cast, but polling stations were busiest in the morning before the heat took hold.

Vox remains the third biggest party, with the support of three million of Spain's 37 million voters, but not significantly ahead of Sumar and with a big drop in seat numbers.

Voting numbers were buoyed on Sunday by 1.6 million young voters having the right to take part in the election for the first time.

An estimated 10 million Spaniards are already on holiday and one man at a coastal polling station made a point of wearing a snorkel and flippers.

Many voters said they felt there was too much at stake in this election, even if it was being held in mid-summer. One father of three, called Sergio, told the BBC that many people he knew were anxious and angry that an extreme-right party might end up in government.

I support Vox because I see it as the only party that can radically change all the left-wing policies that have been approved little by little

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: How the Hollywood strike affects you in 75 seconds

Jason Sudeikis, Susan Sarandon and thousands of other actors have joined screenwriters for Hollywood's biggest strike in more than six decades.

Actors will not appear in films or even promote movies during the stoppage.

Major films in production, including the Avatar and Gladiator sequels, may be affected by the shutdown.

The actors are joining writers who walked out in May, concerned about pay, working conditions and the industry's use of artificial intelligence (AI).

Brian Cox, the lead actor on HBO's Succession, told the BBC the strike could last "until the end of the year".

"The whole streaming thing has shifted the paradigm," the Scottish star told BBC Newscast.

"They are trying to freeze us out and beat us into the ground, because there's a lot of money to be made in streaming and the desire is not to share it with the writers or the performers."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Talks for a new contract with studios and streaming giants broke down on Thursday, with the Screen Actors Guild (SAG) accusing the Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers (AMPTP) of being "unwilling to offer a fair deal".

About 160,000 performers stopped work at midnight, joining the 11,500 members of the Writers Guild of America (WGA), who walked out on 2 May.

By noon on Friday, union members and their supporters had gathered outside the offices of major studios and streaming services in Los Angeles, New York and other cities.

The demonstrations have received support from some of the biggest celebrities in the movie and television business, including the stars of the upcoming Oppenheimer movie, who walked off the red carpet on Thursday night.

The two guilds want studios and streaming services to offer better pay, increased royalties, higher contributions to their pension and health plans, and safeguards on the use of AI in the industry.

Productions likely to be affected include sequels to the Avatar, Deadpool and Gladiator franchises, as well as upcoming seasons of shows such as Stranger Things, Family Guy and The Simpsons.

Red-carpet premieres, promotional interviews and events including the Emmys and Comic-Con, have already been halted, rescheduled or scaled back.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: The famous faces out and about on the picket line supporting the Hollywood strike

The strike action is driven in part by an uncomfortable transition to the era of digital streaming, as well as by broader technological changes.

"AI will affect everybody," Academy Award winner Susan Sarandon told the BBC from a picket line in New York.

"There's definitely always been the feeling that if it isn't solved now, how do we ever solve it in the future?" she said.

"If you don't have the foresight to put something in place for the future, then you're screwed. It's clear that nothing is going to change from the top down, it's going to be up to us at the bottom."

Both writers and actors have complained that they make far less money than they used to make and that contracts have been undercut by inflation.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Susan Sarandon on the dangers of AI in film industry

For actors, pay for individual roles has declined, forcing them to seek several more roles to make the same amount of money as they did a few years ago.

Writing contracts have become shorter and more perilous, with payment often not included for writers' work on revisions or new material.

"We are being victimised by a very greedy entity," Fran Drescher, the current SAG president, said on Thursday. "I am shocked by the way the people that we have been in business with are treating us."

The failed negotiations between the unions and the AMPTP marks the first tandem strike in the industry since 1960. The last actors' strike, in 1980, lasted 10 weeks.

A third union, the Directors Guild of America (DGA), is not participating in the strike after successfully negotiating its own contract in June, but the group has said it "strongly supports" those who are picketing.

With the prospect that the strike could roll on for months, cinemas could face problems, and viewers may be left with nothing new to watch bar reality TV and live sport.

In a statement on Friday, the White House said President Joe Biden "believes all workers - including actors - deserve fair pay and benefits".

"The President supports workers' right to strike and hopes the parties can reach a mutually beneficial agreement," spokeswoman Robyn Patterson said.

Actors represented by SAG's sister union in the UK - Equity - must continue to work as normal, due to UK employment laws. That includes stars of HBO's House of the Dragon.

The union has however told US companies it will be keeping a "very close eye" on any attempts to move US productions to the UK.

Grimes' music often lives on the threshold between humanity and machines

Grimes has invited musicians to clone her voice using Artificial Intelligence in order to create new songs.

The pop singer, whose real name is Claire Boucher, said she would "split 50% royalties on any successful AI-generated song that uses my voice".

"Same deal as I would with any artist I collab[orate] with. Feel free to use my voice without penalty," she tweeted.

Her declaration comes as the music industry scrambles to react to a spate of AI songs trained on artist's voices

Last week, Universal Music successfully petitioned streaming services to remove a song called Heart On My Sleeve, which used deep-faked vocals from their artists Drake and The Weeknd.

In a statement, the label said "the training of generative AI using our artists' music" was "a violation of copyright law". However, that position has not been tested in court, and remains a legal grey area.

A report by The Verge discovered that Universal managed to get the track pulled from YouTube because it contained an unlicensed sample of the producer Metro Boomin' saying his name, which was protected by copyright, rather than any claims over the song itself, which appears to be an original composition.

For context: Copyright law is very much based on the idea of making a copy - whether it's of a melody or a lyric, by the use of a sample, or making a derivative work like a remix. Heart On My Sleeve did not, it seems, directly lift elements from Drake's previous songs.

Drake and The Weeknd are not thought to have been involved in the creation of Heart On My Sleeve - although some critics have suggested the song was released by Drake as a stunt

Further to this, the US Copyright Office recently ruled that AI art, including music, can't be copyrighted as it is "not the product of human authorship".

It is still unclear whether art that is created by a human, but which contains AI elements, can be copyrighted.

On Twitter, Grimes said she was energised by the "idea of open sourcing all art and killing copyright".

The musician said she was already working on a programme "that should simulate my voice well", but would also consider releasing a capella tracks for people to train their own software on..

After her announcement, fans immediately posted links to songs they had created featuring her vocals.

The Canadian artist said she was looking forward to being a "guinea pig" for the technology, adding: "I think it's cool to be fused w[ith] a machine".

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by 𝔊𝔯𝔦𝔪𝔢𝔰 This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Asked how she would react if people used her voice to make graphic, racist or violent content, the singer replied that she "may do copyright takedowns ONLY for rly rly toxic lyrics".

"That's the only rule... [I] don't wanna be responsible for a Nazi anthem unless it's somehow in jest, a la Producers I guess," she said, referring to Mel Brooks' infamous satire.

She suggested she would also remove songs that were "anti-abortion or [something] like that".

But in a later tweet, Grimes said she wasn't sure she had the legal right to ask for songs using her voice to be taken down.

"Curious what the actual legality is," she wrote. "I think I chose not to copyright my name and likeness back when that was a convo."

Grimes has two children with Elon Musk, but the couple split last year

As an artist, Grimes has long explored the relationship between humans and machines, with songs like We Appreciate Power and Flesh Without Blood exploring the ethical quandaries surrounding Artificial Intelligence.

In 2020, she also teamed up with the mood music company Endel to create an AI-generated lullaby for her first child, named X Æ A-12, with SpaceX founder and Twitter CEO Elon Musk. (The character Æ itself represents "the Elven spelling of AI", according to Grimes.)

In an interview with the New York Times, she said she was inspired to create "a better baby sleeping situation" for their son using the software.

"I think AI is great," she said in the interview. "Creatively, I think AI can replace humans.

"And so I think at some point, we will want to, as a species, have a discussion about how involved AI will be in art."

Hun Sen has ensured that his party faces no strong challenge in the polls

Voting is under way in Cambodia, where the country's long-term leader is virtually certain to extend his party's rule in an election where there are no serious challengers.

People turning up to the polls in Phnom Penh told the BBC they expected the Cambodian People's Party (CPP) to sweep all 125 seats in parliament again.

Hun Sen, who has been in power for 38 years, faces no real challenge after the only credible opposition party was disqualified in May.

"It's a rigged election because there are no real strong opposition parties," one voter, an aid worker in Phnom Penh, told the BBC earlier this week.

Western nations, including the US, have also expressed concerns about the integrity of the vote. To ensure the highest possible turnout when people are being offered no real choice, the government has criminalised any attempt to boycott the election or spoil the ballot papers.

Opposition lawmakers this year have reported violent attacks, with Human Rights Watch reporting the government stepped up intimidation and arbitrary arrests of political opposition in the run-up to the poll.

In May, the government barred the country's main opposition party, the Candlelight Party, on a technicality. The National Election Commission said the party was missing paperwork, which it had not needed for the local elections last year.

Candlelight had won 22% of the vote in local elections last year - and analysts say Hun Sen saw them as a potential threat to his rule.

But the poll comes as Hun Sen, who cast his vote in the capital early on Sunday morning, shows the clearest signals yet that he's planning to hand power to his eldest son, Hun Manet - possibly within weeks. The military chief has led the CPP's campaign alongside his father.

Hun Sen has become increasingly authoritarian in his rule, political analysts say.

It is the second election in a row where Hun Sen has targeted democratic institutions and crippled the opposition before voting day, analysts say.

In 2018, his Cambodian People's Party won every single seat in the 125-seat National Assembly after the main opposition alliance was dissolved by the politically controlled courts.

Seventeen other parties are participating in this year's election, but almost all are too small, new or are aligned with the ruling party to be considered credible challengers.

The vote comes at an uncertain time for Cambodia's economy - with locals reporting struggles with rising fuel prices, stagnant wages and growing debts.

Hun Manet is expected to take over from his father

While Hun Sen is campaigning for re-election, he has flagged that this may be his last term. In 2021, he said would hand over control to his eldest son who currently commands the Royal Cambodian Army.

Han Manet is a first-time candidate for a parliament seat this election and led the final day of party rallies in Phnom Penh on Friday.

No timeframe had been given for the transition of power until Thursday, when Hun Sen signalled his son "could be" prime minister in three or four weeks.

Hun Sen's party has won all six of the national elections held every five years since the 1990s, when the UN helped the Southeast Asian nation of 16 million people become a functioning democracy post decades of civil war and the murderous Khmer Rouge regime.

Over four decades, he has consolidated power through control of the military, police and moneyed interests. Observers say he has dispatched opponents through co-opting, jailing or exiling them.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Thousands of street parties and lunches are due to take place on Sunday ahead of a star-studded concert on the second day of events for the Coronation.

Members of the Royal Family will attend community events during the day before seeing Katy Perry and Take That perform at Windsor Castle later.

The more relaxed nature of Sunday's events come after King Charles and Queen Camilla were crowned on Saturday.

The couple sent good wishes to those taking part in celebratory lunches.

In a message posted on the Royal Family's official Instagram account, the King and Queen said they hoped it would be a "truly enjoyable event for everyone".

The post also included a photo of the Coronation quiche, which has been declared the official party food of the event.

Staff prepare for The Big Lunch event on Downing Street

The Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh will attend a Coronation Big Lunch in Cranleigh, Surrey, while the Princess Royal and her husband Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence will join a community street party in Swindon.

The Duke of York's daughters Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie will also attend a big lunch in Chalfont St Giles, Buckinghamshire.

Meanwhile at Downing Street, the prime minister and his wife are hosting their own lunch for community figures, Ukrainian families and youth groups.

Some 50,000 Coronation lunches are expected to take place on Sunday in the UK and across the world.

Later at 20:00 BST, the Coronation Concert takes place at Windsor Castle and will be broadcast live on BBC One and BBC Radio 2.

The Duke of Edinburgh will attend a big lunch event on Sunday

As well as performances from big names including Katy Perry, Lionel Richie, Take That, Olly Murs and Paloma Faith, a world-class orchestra will play an array of musical favourites.

There will also be a joint performance from The Royal Ballet, The Royal Opera House, the Royal Shakespeare Company, The Royal College of Music and The Royal College of Art.

People have already started queuing for the concert, including Olly Murs fans Jess, 24, from Manchester and Rachel, 21, from Essex, who won tickets through a public ballot.

The pair got up at 04:30 BST to travel to Windsor, finding themselves at the front of the queue on the Long Walk.

"We've come to see Olly today - he's our King," they told BBC Breakfast.

More than 2,000 people including 90 foreign leaders came to Westminster Abbey in central London on Saturday to see the coronation of the King and Queen.

As well as overseas dignitaries including President Emmanuel Macron of France and US First Lady Jill Biden, the congregation included celebrities, everyday heroes and family and friends of Charles and Camilla.

The two-hour service saw the King pledge "not to be served, but to serve" before receiving the orb and sceptre which are symbolic of his regal power.

Well-wishers filled The Mall in central London to see the flypast by the Red Arrows

After he and Queen Camilla were crowned by the Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby, they returned to Buckingham Palace to take their places on the balcony with other members of the Royal Family for a reduced flypast by British military helicopters and the jets of the RAF Red Arrows aerobatic team.

The armed forces staged the biggest ceremonial military operation since Queen Elizabeth's II 1953 coronation, with 4,000 servicemen and women from across the world taking part in the procession from Buckingham Palace to Westminster Abbey.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Then and now: Watch two coronations 70 years apart

The King's youngest the Duke of Sussex was not among members of the Royal Family on the palace balcony, as the BBC understands he was not invited.

Prince Harry, who travelled alone to London from his home in California - where his wife Meghan stayed with their two young children, sat two rows from his brother Prince William, the Prince of Wales, at Westminster Abbey.

It is the first time he has been seen publicly with his family since his controversial memoir Spare came out, in which he revealed tensions and disagreements with other members of his family.

He left the abbey shortly after the end of the service to catch a plane back to the US, where his son Archie was celebrating his fourth birthday.

Will you be going to a street party and/or lunch today? Have you organised a coronation gathering? Tell us by emailing: haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

About 14,000 people were prevented from voting because they could not show an accepted form of photo ID during England's local elections, according to the Electoral Commission.

Ethnic minorities and unemployed voters were more likely to be turned away, research by the watchdog suggests.

"Significantly more" were put off voting by the requirement to show ID at polling stations, the report found.

The policy was rolled out for the first time in Britain in May's elections.

Data collected at polling station showed 0.25% of those who went to a polling station were not able to vote as a result of not being able to show ID, approximately 14,000 voters in total.

The true figure is thought to be higher as some of those who wanted to vote at polling stations might have turned away after reading the requirements at the entrance but were not formally recorded, the Commission said.

The figures are also based on incomplete data received from 226 of the 230 councils where polls were held this year.

The policy will be widened to cover all UK elections, meaning it will apply to voters in the by-elections to replace Boris Johnson, Nigel Adams and David Warburton on 20 July.

It is also set to be in force for the next general election, expected next year.

Data collected by the Electoral Commission, the independent body that oversees elections, found "some correlation" between the numbers turned away and "specific socio-demographic factors, such as ethnicity and unemployment".

Craig Westwood, director of communications at the commission, said "it is too soon to draw conclusions", but added "some of the emerging evidence is concerning".

No cases of personation - where someone pretends to be another person, in order to vote - were reported during this year's elections. In 2022, there were 13 cases recorded by police, including seven at polling stations, none of which led to prosecutions.

Research published by the commission on Friday found 0.7% of voters were initially turned away from polling stations in May. Around two-thirds of these returned later in the day and were able to vote.

Labour's deputy leader Angela Rayner said the rules were having a "chilling effect on democracy".

But Labour have stopped short of saying they would scrap the policy, with Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer calling for a "wide review" into the impact of Voter ID.

"This is the first piece of evidence coming through, so we need to look at everything in the round," he said.

Lib Dem spokesperson Helen Morgan said the policy "looks like a transparent attempt at voter suppression by Conservative ministers who are desperate to stop people from holding them to account".

"It is an outrage that thousands of people were denied a voice at the local elections because of the Conservative Party's Voter ID rules," she added.

The government announced the voter ID move in 2021, arguing it would tackle voter fraud and boost public confidence in elections.

Passports, driving licences and blue badges are among the IDs permitted. Only 25,000 of the 90,000 free Voter Authority Certificates applied for before May's election were used as a form of ID.

There have been only a handful of convictions for electoral fraud in recent years - but ministers argue a lack of evidence could be masking the true level.

They also point out that voter ID has been a requirement in Northern Ireland since 2003, as well as in many other European countries.

Opposition parties voted against it, arguing it was unnecessary and would hit turnout among marginalised groups.

Conservative MP Sir Jacob Rees-Mogg, who was in the Cabinet when the measure was introduced, recently said the voter ID policy had been an attempt at gerrymandering - fixing rules to gain electoral advantage.

He said the measure had come "back to bite them," claiming his party's vote had been hit because older people, who were more likely to vote Tory, were also more likely to lack an accepted form of identity.

Before the election, 87% of people in England were aware that they needed to show photo ID to vote at a polling station, according to a survey carried on behalf of the commission. The polling excluded London, which did not hold local elections in May.

Mr Westwood said: "The evidence suggests that the vast majority of voters were able to present an accepted form of ID at the May elections.

"But it also shows that some people were prevented from voting in polling stations due to the requirement, and significantly more did not attempt to because they lacked the required ID.

"Overall awareness was high and achieved in a matter of months, but we can see that people who lacked ID were less likely to know they needed to show it.

The commission plans to publish its full election report in September.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Owain Emanuel brings the characters of Bluey to life

Originally from Bridgend but now a professional designer in Melbourne, Australia, Owain Emanuel has been working on children's cartoon series Bluey since 2016.

The show has become a sensation across the world, including in the UK since its first appeared on our screens two years ago.

But what is it like to work in the world of animation? And how does Owain help bring the characters to life?

Owain knew since he was very young that he wanted to draw, in some form, when he was older.

"I'm drawing all the time, and people sometimes ask, what would I do if I wasn't drawing or working like an animator, and I don't have a clue… I've loved drawing my whole life," he said.

"I went to the University of South Wales in Cardiff and studied animation. After that I moved to London to work on the Mr Bean cartoon. That was my first animation job."

Gone are the days of using paper and pencil to draw; now Owain creates using a computer

Even though he was happy in London and had no plans to move, in 2016 two huge moments changed Owain's life.

Joe Brumm, an animator in Australia, emailed Owain asking if he would like to go over there to work on his idea for a cartoon.

Then Owain met his partner, Kristen, an Australian.

Joe's idea, about a cartoon family of dogs, was given the green light and a year later Owain found himself working on Bluey as the series' chief designer in Brisbane.

Owain and Kristen now have a daughter called Nia

Bluey has since become a phenomenon. It has won awards galore in Australia and has become a firm favourite with children in countries including the UK.

But even Owain admits "nobody knew how big the show was going to become".

How does his work as designer and rigger fit in with the whole process of bringing the cartoon to life on-screen?

Bluey has become a sensation across the world

"My role is to take the props and the characters the art director designs and construct them using special software, ready for the animators," Owain explained.

"If the character needs to talk, walk, hold props, turn 360 degrees… we need to design everything, from the shape of the mouth to the shape of the hand, until you've created everything the character needs to do.

"You're like a mechanic building the inside. The lower part of the body needs to move the top of the head, and the top of the arm needs to be able to move the lower part, which then moves the hand. Then, the animators work to bring the characters to life.

"It's a big job because every character on Bluey has over 150 mouth shapes, over 200 hands, and 40 feet."

Each episode lasts seven minutes, but every finished programme requires four months of work from start to finish.

As well as working on Bluey, Owain has also worked on other children's cartoons in Australia. But, he says it can be quite hard to get a job as a designer in the world of animation.

Of course even though you need talent there is an element of luck and who you know.

"I was lucky, I did well in university, so they sent me to London for an industry night, and I met with a person who was working on the Mr Bean cartoon. And with luck, my final project looked like the style of Mr Bean, so I was asked to work on the series.

"Every job I've worked on since has been through people I know."

Owain and the rest of the crew that work on the third series of Bluey

Owain has now been in Australia for six years and has a young daughter Nia with Kristen.

The Bluey production team is waiting to see if there will be a fourth series of the cartoon.

In the meantime, Owain has set up an animation company with a co-worker and they are looking for new projects.

But he said he also wanted to work on something that reminds him of Wales.

"I've never done anything in the Welsh language," he said. "I'm so far from home - my family are all back in Wales and I miss Wales so much.

"I try and read to Nia in Welsh so I want to draw Welsh-language books. I don't have to come up with the idea, I just want, 'designed by Owain Emanuel' on it.

"And a Welsh-language cartoon would be great. But one step at a time…"

You can watch Bluey on BBC iPlayer or the BBC CBeebies TV channel.

Ukraine and Russia have reported inflicting heavy losses as the battle for Bakhmut rages on.

Moscow has been trying to take the eastern Ukrainian city for months in a grinding war of attrition.

Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said Russian forces had suffered more than 1,100 deaths in the past few days, with many more seriously injured.

Russia said it had killed more than 220 Ukrainian service members over the past 24 hours.

The BBC is unable to verify the numbers given by either side.

Analysts say Bakhmut has little strategic value, but has become a focal point for Russian commanders who have struggled to deliver any positive news to the Kremlin.

Capture of the city would bring Russia slightly closer to its goal of controlling the whole of Donetsk region, one of four regions in eastern and southern Ukraine annexed by Russia last September following referendums widely condemned outside Russia as a sham.

Ukrainian commanders, who have committed significant resources to defending the city, say their strategy aims to tie Russia's forces down and prevent Moscow from launching any further offensives in the coming months.

"In less than a week, starting from 6 March, we managed to kill more than 1,100 enemy soldiers in the Bakhmut sector alone, Russia's irreversible loss, right there, near Bakhmut," Mr Zelensky said in his nightly video address.

He added that 1,500 Russian soldiers were wounded badly enough to keep them out of further action.

Russia's defence ministry said Russian forces had killed "more than 220 Ukrainian servicemen".

The commander of Ukraine's ground forces, Col Gen Oleksandr Syrskyi, said the Russian mercenary Wagner Group was attacking his troops from several directions in a bid to break through defences and advance to the central districts of the town.

The paramilitary organisation is at the heart of the Russian assault on Bakhmut. Its leader, Yevgeny Prigozhin, has staked his reputation, and that of his private army, on seizing Bakhmut.

He said on Sunday that the situation in the city was "difficult, very difficult, the enemy is fighting for every metre".

"And the closer to the city centre, the fiercer the fighting," he said in a voice recording published on Telegram.

After his envisioned capture of Bakhmut, "we will begin to reboot" and "will start recruiting new people from the regions", he said.

And on Saturday, the Institute for the Study of War - a US think tank - reported that Moscow's offence was stalling.

"Wagner Group fighters are likely becoming increasingly pinned in urban areas... and are therefore finding it difficult to make significant advances," it said.

There were about 70,000 people living in Bakhmut before the invasion, but only a few thousand remain. The city was once best known for its salt and gypsum mines and huge winery.

Those who remain in the city risk a hazardous existence, with four people injured in Bakhmut on Monday, Donetsk regional governor Pavlo Kyrylenko said.

Like Russia, Ukraine has also given Bakhmut political significance, with President Zelensky making the city an emblem of resistance.

When he visited Washington in December, he called it "the fortress of our morale" and gave a Bakhmut flag to the US Congress.

Western officials estimate between 20,000 and 30,000 Russian troops have been killed or injured so far in and around Bakhmut.

A draft law introduced in the Russian parliament on Monday aims to push back the age bracket for compulsory military service, from the current 18-27 years to 21-30.

Reuters reported that, due to the transition period between the old legislation and the new, 2024 and 2025 would see the conscription age span 10 or 11 years rather than the usual nine - meaning more men would be eligible to fight.

Russia's previous attempt to draft thousands of new recruits into the Ukraine war met with some resistance. In September the announcement of a partial military mobilisation saw long queues form at border crossings as men of draft age sought to flee the call-up.

The Kremlin said reports of fighting-age men fleeing had been exaggerated.

Besides the Bakhmut fighting, seven residents were injured elsewhere in Donetsk region on Monday, governor Pavlo Kyrylenko said.

Further east in Luhansk, regional governor Serhiy Haidai said the Russians had "significantly intensified shelling" on the front line. He added that Russia was bringing more and more equipment and troops to the area.

Elsewhere in eastern Ukraine, there were 47 attacks on Ukrainian troops in Zaporizhzhia, according to the regional administration.

Amy Jones hit a superb unbeaten 92 to lead England to a four-wicket win over New Zealand in the first one-day international.

Needing 208 to win, the tourists slumped to 79-6 in Wellington before being rescued by a record unbroken seventh-wicket stand of 130 between Jones and Charlie Dean.

Jones took the lead, playing a perfectly paced counter-attacking innings, with Dean keeping her cool in a valuable supporting knock of 42 as England got over the line with 8.4 overs to spare.

Dean had earlier taken three wickets to become the fastest woman to 50 ODI scalps in only her 26th game.

The off-spinner made the initial breakthrough after an opening partnership of 90 between Suzie Bates and Bernadine Bezuidenhout.

Bates was dropped twice in the first seven balls of the match and was also fortunate to escape lbw and stumping shouts which would have been overturned had they been reviewed.

She made the most of that good fortune to hit her 34th ODI fifty, but was stumped next ball as the White Ferns subsided to 207 all out.

That looked eminently chaseable at the halfway point but England quickly found themselves in trouble and, when Danni Wyatt was bowled by Amelia Kerr in the 17th over, the visitors were six down and facing defeat.

But Jones and Dean went about rectifying the situation to give Heather Knight's side a 1-0 series lead as the teams head to Hamilton for the second ODI, beginning at 23:00 BST on Wednesday.

Having failed to reach double figures in four innings during the T20 series, this was an impressive return to form for Jones after England found themselves in a sizeable hole.

The visitors would have been confident starting the chase but lost Tammy Beaumont - bowled by a Jess Kerr full toss just below waist height - without a run on the board.

While they recovered from that early blow, the loss of five wickets in eight overs - including three for only four runs - left England on the brink.

Maia Bouchier was bounced out by the fiery Lea Tahuhu, Alice Capsey was plumb lbw after missing a reverse sweep and Nat Sciver-Brunt was run out trying to sneak a second run on a misfield.

All the hallmarks of an England collapse were there and New Zealand sensed that one more wicket would bring the match to a swift conclusion.

But the wicket never arrived as Jones went to work. While she and Dean were happy to tick over with ones and twos, Jones was also able to put the pressure back on the Kiwi bowlers with a number of bold shots over the top.

New Zealand continued to push for a breakthrough until the last, but the England pair were increasingly comfortable and offered little in the way of encouragement.

As the required runs ticked down, Jones kicked for home with a flurry of eye-catching boundaries before it was left to Dean to seal the win with one of her own.

In her first international white-ball game since September, Kate Cross was England's standout bowler at the Basin Reserve.

The seamer should have had a wicket with her second ball when Bates chipped to mid-on, only for Sophie Ecclestone to dive over the ball.

When Bates was dropped again off Lauren Bell to start the next over and survived after England opted not to take an lbw review soon after, frustration could have begun to creep in for the visitors.

But Cross continued to calmly probe away, getting the ball to shape away nicely while also making the most of a green-tinged surface to nibble the ball around off the seam.

Despite beating the bat countless times, she had to wait until her second spell for her reward as New Zealand's openers battled through against the new ball.

Bates and Bezuidenhout had been tied down by the England quicks and, although the runs came easier with the introduction of spin, it also proved their downfall as Dean made the breakthrough and Ecclestone quickly took the second New Zealand wicket.

New Zealand regrouped through Amelia Kerr, captaining the side for the first time in ODIs, and Georgia Plimmer.

However, Cross returned to remove them both lbw in an exceptional spell that sparked a New Zealand collapse of eight wickets for 68 runs.

Even after a collapse of their own, the efforts of Jones and Dean ensured the work of England's bowlers did not go to waste.

'Jones and Dean give lesson for us all' - reaction

Player of the match Amy Jones on TNT Sports: "I was just trying to keep it as simple as possible and focus on one ball at a time. It sounds simple but I knew that if I did that then Deano and I would build a good partnership.

"I tried to be as positive as possible and, when the ball was in my areas, back myself. Then respect the good balls when they bowled in good areas as well.

"I've done a bit of work on mindset going into run-chases. It's an area I've felt I could do better in so I'm pleased that that work has paid off today."

England captain Heather Knight: "I felt like we were in a really good position [at the halfway stage]. The seamers, in particular, bowled really well.

"The way [Jones and Dean] soaked up pressure to build a partnership and then put the pressure back on the Kiwis was a lesson for us all."

New Zealand captain Amelia Kerr: "Kate Cross bowled very well on that wicket. We didn't really have any answers to their changes of pace and variation.

"We were in a position to get 250-plus, but then you look at the bowling side of things and one more wicket and maybe we could have defended 200."

Texas Republican Chip Roy tried and failed to stall the bill on Tuesday

Despite a revolt among a handful of hard-line Republicans, a bipartisan deal to raise the US debt ceiling is set to reach the floor of the House of Representatives for a vote on Wednesday evening.

If a majority of legislators in the chamber approve, the bill will move on to the US Senate. Here's how the drama is playing out on Capitol Hill and a guide to what comes next.

After months of negotiations, President Joe Biden and Republican Speaker of the House Kevin McCarthy finally reached a deal to raise the amount of money the US can borrow, avoid a default on the national debt, and limit federal spending for the next two years.

Now the pair are busy selling their weekend agreement to Congress. First up is the US House of Representatives, which is scheduled to hold a vote on the agreement on Wednesday evening. Republican and Democratic leaders there believe that even with some defections on the left and right, they have the votes to pass a bill - perhaps by a comfortable margin.

The legislation then moves to the Senate, which will pose new challenges to the agreement. Unlike the Republican-majority House, Democrats control the upper chamber with 51 out of its 100 seats. According to parliamentary rules, 60 votes are required to approve most bills - so some combination of Democratic and Republican votes will be needed.

Those rules also offer individual senators broad powers to slow consideration of legislation for days. With the date when the US will hit its borrowing limit estimated by the US Treasury to be Monday 5 June, that leaves little margin for error or delay.

One conservative Republican, Mike Lee of Utah, has threatened to use "every procedural tool" to slow consideration of the deal. He, and other recalcitrant Republicans, may be mollified if Senate leadership allows the chamber to vote on changes to the deal.

If any of those changes are approved, however, it could threaten the carefully negotiated balance in the legislation and would almost certainly push final approval past 5 June.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: The debt ceiling explained - in under 90 seconds

Both Democratic and Republican leaders in the Senate are on board with the deal as it has been negotiated, and will be working to ensure that a final vote is taken quickly and the debt-limit deal reaches Mr Biden's desk for signature into law before a default can occur.

For the moment financial markets appear to have calmed as the prospect recedes of the global economic chaos that would result from the world's biggest economy defaulting on its $31.4 trillion (£25tn) debt.

That could change, however, the closer the US approaches that Monday debt-limit deadline without significant progress in Congress. In 2011, the credit rating agency Standard & Poor's downgraded the US credit rating when similar brinksmanship pushed the nation close to its borrowing limit.

The path to selling the deal has been a rocky one so far. It became clear on Tuesday that some conservative hard-liners in the House would oppose the agreement.

At a press conference held on the steps of the US Capitol earlier on Tuesday, 11 members of the ultra-conservative House Freedom Caucus railed against what they viewed as insufficient spending cuts and budget limitations in the compromise legislation.

"This deal fails completely," said congressman Scott Perry, the leader of the group. He said those who stood with him "will be absolutely opposed to the deal and will do everything in our power to stop it".

They also dodged when asked whether they would call for Mr McCarthy's removal - a step that would escalate the rift forming among Republicans in the House.

"No matter what happens, there's going to be a reckoning for what just occurred unless we stop this bill by tomorrow," congressman Chip Roy of Texas, another Freedom Caucus member, warned.

There may also be some defections in both the House and the Senate from left-wing Democrats, who have complained about how the proposed budget cuts fall exclusively on social programmes and objected to the new work requirements on some recipients of low-income aid.

The Democratic hard-liners, however, have been less organised - and less vocal in their objections - than their conservative counterparts.

A Sheriff's office in Wisconsin responded to an unusual call by a driver, after a bobcat got stuck in a car grille.

Officials say the animal was unharmed and eventually set free back at the location where it entered the car.

An eyewitness has captured the moment a large funnel cloud tore through a neighbourhood in the city of Greenwood, Indiana. Destructive weather has killed one person and injured another, and caused extensive damage to homes in counties south of the capital Indianapolis.

HMS Unicorn was moved to Dundee in 1873

HMS Unicorn, Scotland's oldest ship, has received £1.11m in funding towards its continued restoration and preservation.

The preservation work is restoring strength and robustness to the hull to improve resilience ahead of a planned move to a nearby dry dock.

The ship, which was moved to Dundee in 1873, will be the centrepiece of a new maritime heritage centre.

The donation comes from the National Heritage Memorial Fund (NHMF).

The Unicorn Preservation Society said the money provided 95.69% of the total financial investment needed for immediate conservation repairs to the ship, which launched in 1824.

The restoration work includes replacing rotten timbers in the hull of the ship and retaining as much of the original fabric as possible.

This work follows recently-completed £100,000 repairs to the ship's original roof to help prevent rainwater causing further internal damage.

Ray Macfarlane from the NHMF said: "It is not only the oldest ship in Scotland but one of the oldest in the world, and incredibly one of the last remaining warships from the age of sail, still afloat."

HMS Unicorn is the third-oldest ship in the world and has been under the care of the Unicorn Preservation Society since 1968.

The latest preservation work is expected to be completed in about 18 months. The ship will remain open to visitors while the work is carried out.

HMS Unicorn is the third-oldest ship in the world

Museum director, Matthew Bellhouse Moran, said: "This is an absolute game changer for us as a charity as it allows us to press on with the critical preservation work which desperately needs to take place and is long overdue.

"This work is essential to preserve the historic fabric of this much-loved ship, replacing rotten and missing timbers which is causing rapidly accelerating structural damage and strain."

A £20,000 donation by American entrepreneur John Paul DeJoria, in November 2022 and a £100,000 grant received from the Headley Trust in February provided the remaining funds required to carry out the immediate conversation work.
• None Scotland's oldest ship goes under the microscope

Greg James and Chris Smith are known for writing children's book series Kid Normal

BBC Radio 1 DJ Greg James has said he and former newsreader Chris Smith are "so sorry to have caused offence" with a comment about a glass eye in a video to announce their new children's book.

In the clip, the duo discussed ideas to make the characters, inspired by Roald Dahl's The Twits, "more revolting".

When illustrator Emily Jones suggested a glass eye, Smith replied: "That's it. What a disgusting pair of Twits!"

That sparked criticism for a "negative representation" of disability.

James and Smith, who write the popular Kid Normal books, have co-authored The Twits Next Door - part of a new series commissioned by the Roald Dahl Story Company.

In the video, the pair came up with ways to make the characters look "really gross" and "horrible".

James posted on X that it was "absolutely not our intention" to cause offence "and we apologise unreservedly".

A host of modern authors will put a new spin on Roald Dahl's books

He wrote: "We understand that words matter and we pride ourselves on championing and welcoming everyone into the magical world of children's books. We would never dream of deliberately setting out to exclude anyone."

James added that with the glass eye comment, "we were attempting to pay homage to one of the Twit's most famous pranks involving a glass of beer in order to remind people of Dahl's infamous terrible two".

He said it does not form part of the plot of the new story, "nor was it our intention to suggest that it was in any way disgusting".

"It's unfortunate that the word disgusting appears to be a direct comment on that. That's an error on our part.

"We are devastated that it's come across like this but completely understand why there is anger. And we appreciate everyone rightly calling it out.

"We hear that fully, we're so upset that we made a mistake but we're still incredibly proud of this book and we're excited to get out there and share it with young readers all over the world x."

The response to the video included The Royal National Institute of Blind People saying: "When there's positive representation of disabilities in children's books, children with disabilities feel seen and heard, and their friends and classmates treat everyone the same.

"There is nothing at all revolting about prosthetic eyes, we think they're brilliant."

The sight loss charity encouraged James and Smith to "talk to us about encouraging acceptance and understanding of disabilities".

Charity Scope posted on X: "Positive disability representation in kid's books help improve attitudes and inclusion. So what can we expect of negative representation like this?"

They also posted a video saying: "Greg and Chris, we know you can do better. The disabled community wants to help you get there."

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Scope This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Paralympian Tanni Grey-Thompson, who is also a crossbench peer in the House of Lords, posted: "Thanks. Thanks very much. #sarcasm. I'd hoped the world had moved on."

The backlash follows an announcement earlier on Friday that James and Smith were among a number of current authors who are writing new stories based on classic Dahl books.

Their novel will see a new family called the Lovelies move in next door to The Twits, prompting the Twits to hatch a plan to rid themselves of their horribly nice new neighbours. The Twits Next Door will be published in August.

Elsewhere, TV presenter Konnie Huq, The Last Leg comedian Adam Hills and author Adam Kay will contribute to a short story collection, Charlie and the Christmas Factory.

The move follows Netflix's purchase of the rights to Dahl's children's books in 2021. The streaming giant now owns the Roald Dahl Story Company, giving it ultimate control of what happens to Dahl's stories in publishing, as well as TV and film.

It was tense, uncomfortable, and not just because the room was swelteringly warm.

The committee’s grilling didn’t last the full five hours some anticipated, but it was still extensive - and long.

So how did Johnson do? Well, we won’t know just yet whether or not his evidence was enough to convince MPs that when - as he’s admitted - he misled Parliament, he did not do so intentionally or recklessly, and corrected the record at the earliest opportunity.

Johnson seemed at his most confident when he was able to draw on facts that suggest rule breaking wouldn’t have been obvious to him - like that official photographers were present at times and that his birthday gathering was briefed to the Times newspaper. He looked more at ease here.

It got trickier for him when he started having his own social distancing guidance cited back at him.

The photographic evidence here became difficult for him as he was forced to explain how drinks gatherings demonstrated social distancing being followed “wherever possible.”

Here he relied mostly on his belief these gatherings were “essential” for work. Will that wash with the committee? We’ll need to wait and see.

He was most visibly rattled - as were some of the supportive Tory MPs sat behind him - when they grilled him on whether he had adequate assurances that rules were followed, as he claimed to Parliament.

Many watching at home may have made up their minds already about whether or not they back his defence.

But it could be a while still before we know how all this has landed with the people who really matter now - the MPs who have his fate in their hands.

Apple has unveiled a much-anticipated augmented reality headset, Apple Vision Pro, in its first major hardware launch for almost a decade.

Apple chief executive Tim Cook said the new headset "seamlessly blends the real world and the virtual world".

The tech firm also announced its latest iPhone operating system, as well as updates to MacBook Air.

The headset has a two-hour battery life, costs $3,499 (£2,849) and will be released early next year in the US.

The cost is considerably higher than virtual reality headsets currently on the market. Last week Meta announced its Quest 3 - which costs $499.

Apple said little about generative artificial intelligence - the buzzy technology that is the talk of Silicon Valley.

The company's share price fell slightly during the announcement, made at a developer's conference at Apple Park, the company's headquarters, in Cupertino, California.

The BBC was among the media outlets at the event, and technology editor Zoe Kleinman was one of the first people in the world to try out the headset.

"Since current boss Tim Cook took over in 2011, with the possible exception of the Watch, Apple has been unable to come up with the kind of world-changing product of the past," she said.

"Have they done it here?"

Apple Vision Pro looks different to similar headsets on the market - and is more reminiscent of a pair of ski goggles than a virtual reality headset.

Apple used the phrase "augmented reality" to describe what the new device does.

Augmented reality, also known as mixed reality, superimposes virtual objects in the world around us - enabling us to mix reality with virtual reality by looking through a screen.

"It's like your phone but right in front of you - big, bright and bold, wherever you are," Ms Kleinman said.

In letting you do things like watch videos of your family blowing out birthday candles or immerse yourself in your photography by making your panoramic photos life-size, she says it is pitched as a device which is "very much about being part of your daily life", unlike many other headsets on the market geared primarily towards immersive gaming.

How the Vision Pro's new app store will appear for headset users

Users can access apps, watch movies, and write documents in a virtual world. But so far, there is little evidence of a big market for this kind of wearable tech.

"It's still at the end of the day a VR headset," said Ms Kleinman. "Apple is going to have to have an awful lot of content to throw at this when it ships early next year.

"And of course the other thing is the price point - $3,499 is a lot of money."

Hartley Charlton, senior editor of MacRumors, was unsure how much the headset would appeal to the general public.

"It won't appeal to mainstream consumers at first on account of its extremely high price point and immediate shortcomings as a first-generation device, such as its separate wired battery pack," he said.

But he said Apple has a track record of "overcoming scepticism" about new devices, and has historically encouraged people to "part with their cash to add a new gadget to their repertoire".

Journalists and developers at Monday's conference saw a glimpse of the headset

In his sales pitch, Mr Cook said the headset allows users to "see, hear and interact with digital content just like it's in your physical space".

It is controlled by using a combination of your hands, eyes and voice - such as tapping your fingers together to select, and flicking them to scroll.

The announcement comes a week after Meta and Lenovo announced new iterations of their pre-existing virtual reality headsets, that do not superimpose objects on to a view of the real world.

Meta has also invested heavily in mixed reality - but right now the sector is struggling.

The headset market saw a 54% drop in global sales last year, according to the International Data Corporation.

Apple's last major hardware release was for the Apple Watch device in 2015.

Thomas Husson, of Forrester Research, told BBC News it may take time for Apple's new headset to take off.

"The overall AR/VR space has been a bit overhyped over the past few years with the metaverse and that kind of experience," he said. "That's the reason why I think it will take a bit more time.

"Having said that, if I told you 10 to 15 years ago that people would be ready to pay almost $2,000 for a mobile phone, I don't think many people would have said they would be willing to pay that."

Aside from the Vision Pro announcement, Apple also unveiled iOS17, the latest version of its iPhone operating system.

Updates include "contact posters" - a picture or image of yourself that will appear on a person's phone when you call them - and "live voicemail" - which provides a real-time transcription of an answerphone message being left to you.

This transcription will also apply to audio messages left using Apple Messages.

And Apple has introduced a system called Check-In - which will automatically tell a friend or family member when you have arrived home.

If your journey is substantially delayed, it has the power to tell others that you have not made it home safely yet.

The new operating system will be available this autumn.

David Boyd will be sentenced on 23 May for murdering Nikki Allan

A convicted child abuser has been found guilty of brutally murdering a seven-year-old girl more than 30 years ago.

Nikki Allan was repeatedly hit with a brick and stabbed dozens of times before her body was abandoned in a derelict building near her home in Sunderland in October 1992.

David Boyd, 55, from Stockton-on-Tees, was convicted at Newcastle Crown Court after a three-week trial.

Nikki's mother said the "evil man" had "slipped through the net" for decades.

He will be sentenced on 23 May.

Boyd, then aged 25, was a neighbour of Nikki's at the Wear Garth flats in the east end of Sunderland and his partner had been the girl's babysitter.

However, he avoided suspicion in the initial Northumbria Police investigation because detectives were focussed on another man - also a neighbour - 24-year-old George Heron.

He was prosecuted but acquitted at a trial in 1993 after a judge ruled police had used "oppressive" tactics when questioning him and said his confession had been obtained under duress.

Boyd was familiar with the abandoned Old Exchange building about 300 yards from where he and Nikki lived, and knew how to get inside through a broken, boarded-up window.

DNA matching his was found on Nikki's clothes and he bore a "striking resemblance" to a man seen with Nikki shortly before her death, prosecutors said.

The trial heard Boyd, of Chesterton Court in Norton, confessed to having sexual fantasies about young girls and was convicted of indecently assaulting a nine-year-old girl in 1999.

He also had a conviction for indecent exposure in 1997 when he flashed three young girls in a park and one for breaching the peace in 1986 when he grabbed a 10-year-old girl and asked her for a kiss.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Prosecutor Richard Wright KC previously told jurors Nikki was lured to the building by someone she knew and the "irresistible conclusion" was it was done for a "sinister purpose" even though there was no evidence of a sexual assault.

He said the case against Boyd was "circumstantial but compelling" but if he was not the murderer then Nikki must have been killed by a "phantom" who had left no evidence behind.

The jury of 10 women and two men in Boyd's trial reached their verdict after two-and-a-half hours of deliberation.

The public gallery erupted with raucous cheers and cries of "thank you" when the verdict was read out. Police officers had to be summoned into the court to restore order.

Boyd, dressed in a white T-shirt, did not visibly react and was remanded into custody.

Nikki Allan was killed in the Old Exchange building in the Hendon area of Sunderland

Outside court, Nikki's mother Sharon Henderson, who campaigned tirelessly to keep her daughter's case in the public consciousness, spoke of the "injustice" her family had lived with for three decades.

Addressing the botched police investigation in 1992, she told reporters: "This evil man slipped through the net to murder Nikki when he was on their files in the first place.

"Three doors down from Nikki's grandparents [where Boyd had been living]. They should have investigated him straight away."

Asked how she had managed to keep fighting for justice, she replied: "Because Nikki's my daughter and I love her."

Speaking after the verdict, Assistant Chief Constable Brad Howe of Northumbria Police praised Nikki's family's "patience and strength over the last 30 years", adding: "Today is about justice for Nikki and her family."

"David Boyd hid his crime, lying about his involvement and prolonging the family's suffering, knowing all along that he had taken the life of their little girl," he said.

He said the investigation had been one of the "most complex and comprehensive ever conducted" by the force.

Det Ch Supt Lisa Theaker, the senior investigating officer in the case, added: "Nikki would have been 37 now and who knows what her life could have been.

"But her future was cruelly taken away from her by David Boyd. The pain and suffering that he has caused, and to so many people, is immeasurable."

Christopher Atkinson, head of the Complex Casework Unit at Crown Prosecution Service North East, said: "Despite the unimaginable grief endured by Nikki's family, Boyd continued to pretend that he was not involved in the killing for 30 years."

Follow BBC North East & Cumbria on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Send your story ideas to northeastandcumbria@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Last updated on .From the section Millwall

Millwall's owner and chairman John Berylson died from injuries sustained after his car overturned and hit a tree in the United States.

Police in Falmouth, Massachusetts, say no other vehicle was involved in the crash on Tuesday.

Emergency services responded shortly before 08:00 local time and found Berylson, the sole occupant, trapped inside the car.

The 70-year-old was pronounced dead at the scene.

The cause of the crash - described by Millwall as a "tragic accident" - remains under investigation.

American businessman Berylson became a significant shareholder of Millwall in 2007 after he led a consortium which invested in the south-east London club, then in League One, and became chairman in October that year.

The Championship side hailed him as "a person of such remarkable generosity, warmth, and kindness", while former players and rival clubs have also paid tribute.

Falmouth Police Department said preliminary investigations into the crash showed that Berylson was driving his Range Rover south on Sippewissett Road in Falmouth, a coastal town on Cape Cod, when it lost control on a curve and left the road.

The car then rolled over into a ravine and came to rest against a tree.

Berylson was trapped inside the vehicle and was "extricated by mechanical means". He subsequently "succumbed to injuries received in the crash".

The crash is being investigated by the Falmouth Police Department and the Massachusetts State Police.

Berylson, who lived in Wellesley Hills in Greater Boston, is survived by wife Amy and children Jennifer, James, and Elizabeth.

Richard Micklewright says the experience was "extremely difficult"

An ex-independent member forced to resign from a health board described the actions of Health Minister Eluned Morgan as "tantamount to bullying".

Richard Micklewright said he and his fellow independent members at Betsi Cadwaladr health board (BCUHB) were treated as "expendables to be used, abused and discarded at her whim".

At the time, Eluned Morgan she had to address the health board's performance.

BCUHB said it could not comment "on the status of any employees at this stage".

Meanwhile the Prime Minister, Rishi Sunak, has said he was "deeply worried" following stories about the health board, and allegations made by a leaked finance report should be "investigated properly".

A Conservative MP told the Commons the report "revealed serious misconduct on the part of several senior board executives, including a conspiracy to falsify accounts".

Welsh Health Minister Eluned Morgan told the Senedd on Wednesday that people named in the report by EY have been suspended.

Speaking for the first time to Wales Live since the 11 independent members were made to quit. Mr Micklewright said it was "tantamount to bullying" and had come out of the blue.

"There'd been no communication from her or her officials to indicate there was dissatisfaction in what we were doing. We just felt that we had been completely let down and treated badly.

"We had no options about what we were going to do. We were just dismissed.

"It was an extremely difficult, traumatic experience."

As a former vice chair of Betsi Cadwaladr's audit committee he believes "there needs to be a criminal investigation" into financial matters at the health board.

A leaked report by accountancy firm Ernst and Young (EY), alleged finance officials made deliberately wrong entries in accounts.

The report said Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board, which serves north Wales, wrongly accounted for millions of pounds.

It alleged EY's work was "hindered" by the alteration of a document and the deletion of a recording of a meeting.

Ysbyty Gwynedd in Bangor is one of the hospitals administered by the health board

NHS Counter Fraud Wales, which is part of an NHS Wales organisation, concluded in April that no further action was needed.

But Mr Micklewright said that he and his former colleagues believe that "crimes have occurred, and they need to be dealt with".

"The Ernst and Young report found quite serious examples of actual criminality.

"They found false accounting, which is a crime.

"They found misconduct in public office, which is a crime.

"And it was suggested by the counter fraud people possibly also conspiracy to pervert the course of justice, which is a much more serious crime," he said.

On Wednesday, at Prime Minister's Questions, Conservative MP David Jones told the Commons the EY report "revealed serious misconduct on the part of several senior board executives, including a conspiracy to falsify accounts".

Rishi Sunak replied: "I am deeply worried about the Betsi Cadwaladr hospital in labour run north Wales. It has been, as he said, in special measures for six of the last eight years and, as he remarked, the official audit said there was worrying dysfunctionality.

"I do hope this issue is investigated properly, and I believe my honourable friend is in contract with the secretary of state for Wales to take this further."

In the Senedd Conservative politician Darren Millar said the report had wider implications for the Welsh NHS.

He said its findings "include false accounts and the manipulation of documents, which amounts to fraud".

"These were done in the knowledge of senior members of staff at the health board."

"The junior staff who pushed back against these appalling practices were overruled by their superiors.

"There were deliberate efforts to hide those actions from Audit Wales and Forensic investigators from Ernst and Young. It absolutely stinks.

"The report still isn't the public domain. It should be published."

Eluned Morgan, health minister, told the Senedd the report "did make extremely sobering reading, which absolutely needs to be acted upon".

"As has been said in this chamber on a number of occasions this is not our report, so I can't ask for it to be published."

She said "key individuals named in the report have been suspended. Clearly they have legal employment rights. The key thing for me is that we've got to follow the right process".

She added that she had asked a senior civil servant to see if there were broader implications for the Welsh government.

North Wales Police have said they are looking into the claims in the EY report.

Det Ch Supt Gareth Evans said: "We are aware of media reports regarding financial matters at Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board and have also had concerns raised with us by individuals.

"We are liaising with colleagues in other agencies regarding enquiries already undertaken in order to make an assessment and will issue an update in due course."

A Welsh government spokesperson said: "We do not comment on leaked documents, particularly when, as in this case, internal procedures are still proceeding at the Health Board."

They did not want to comment on the specific allegations but said that independent board members were offered counselling at the time.

The 11 former independent members of the board have questioned the focus on them after a damning audit report called the executive team dysfunctional.

Executives are responsible for the day-to-day operation of health services while independent board members are there to scrutinise the executives' decisions.

The executives are still in their place and Richard Micklewright believes that "something does need to be done about the executive".

"The minister was quite clear that she didn't have the ability to deal with the executives, which is true up to a point. She doesn't have the power to hire and fire so she couldn't fire the executive directors.

"She did however, have the ability to take them off the board so they could be removed from the position where they were making decisions that were detrimental to Betsi going forward."

An accountant, who has worked for a number of other public sector organisations, Mr Micklewright said that he had never been treated like this before "it was something that I've never experienced before and my colleagues haven't either".

He also accused the health minister of a lack of duty of care, saying some of the other members were "suffering from stress and upset" but there had been "nothing from Eluned Morgan's team to indicate any awareness of that or any concern for us after the event".

"Somebody needs to take responsibility and I can only see two people in the frame potentially - Mark Drakeford and Eluned Morgan," he said.

A spokesperson for BCUHB said: "The management of the issues raised in the EY report is progressing in line with existing procedures and policies.

"This follows the conclusion of the NHS Counter Fraud Wales investigation connected to the Auditor General's qualified opinion of the Health Board's 2021-22 financial accounts.

"It is inappropriate to comment on the status of any employees at this stage.

"We currently have six independent board members in place, alongside two associate independent members. Two further independent board members are in the process of being appointed and these will be announced in due course."

The withdrawal of support will add hundreds of pounds to some household bills

Energy bills for most households in Northern Ireland will increase by hundreds of pounds a year from Saturday as government support comes to an end.

The Energy Price Guarantee (EPG) Scheme was introduced in November 2022, applying a discount to the unit rate of electricity and gas prices.

But the discount no longer applies from Saturday, having been gradually reduced from since January.

A reduction in April meant bills rose despite price cuts by suppliers.

Deirdre McCausland, a single mother-of-two from west Belfast, who is with Budget Energy, said she was in shock at the increase in bills.

She said it was "the worst timing ever" and that "something needs to be done about it".

"I just keep thinking how much more pressure are families - not just single people like me - the working poor [under]. How much more are we going to be able to tolerate all this?" she told BBC Radio Ulster's Evening Extra.

"I only found out about the rise through an email.

Deirdre McCausland, a single mother from west Belfast, said she was in shock at the increase in bills

"It is the worst timing ever. This is just before the summer - my children got off today, it is their last day of school, and then we are being hit with all these costs.

"I am just wondering, when is it going to stop?

"I have a 14-year-old and a nine-year-old. When I was young growing up my parents protected me from poverty; I can't protect my children [and] because of social media they are more aware than ever of what lies ahead.

"That is an absolute shambles and something needs to be done about it."

What will this mean for bills?

The majority of customers will see the tariffs charged by their supplier frozen or cut but the withdrawal of the EPG support will mean that their bills actually increase.

Raymond Gormley of the Consumer Council described the move as "unfortunate" as he said prices remained at about double the pre-Covid pandemic norm.

He said the government would review the need for the scheme every three months until next spring.

"So if energy prices increase significantly in the winter, the Consumer Council will make the argument to government that they should reinstate a subsidy".

Falling electricity prices have been offset by a reduction in government support

Power NI is the largest electricity supplier in Northern Ireland, with about 479,000 domestic electricity customers.

It announced a 7.1% decrease in its standard tariff but the end of the government discount means customers will see an increase of about £49 a year.

That means a typical annual bill will rise from £966 in June to £1,015 from July.

SSE Airtricity, Electric Ireland and Budget Energy are not changing their tariffs - customers will see their average bills rise by about £127 a year.

Click Energy is reducing its standard tariff by 10.36% and other tariffs also also being cut to offset the reduction of government support - customers will see no change in their typical yearly bills.

It is the smallest of the five Northern Irish electricity suppliers, with about 24,000 customers.

SSE Airtricity provides gas to about 195,000 customers in the Greater Belfast area

SSE Airtricity announced a decrease of 12.2% effective from July but customers will actually see their gas bills increase by about £134 a year because of the loss of government support.

That means a typical customer's annual bill will rise from £1,266 in June to £1,399 in July.

SSE Airtricity serves about 195,000 customers in the Greater Belfast area and 3,200 customers in the Gas to the West area.

Bills for Firmus Energy customers will increase by about £328 in both the Ten Towns gas network and the Greater Belfast gas network areas.

For those in the Ten Towns gas network area, a typical annual bill will rise from £1,147 in June to £1,475 in July.

A typical bill for customers in the Greater Belfast area will rise from £1,190 in June to £1,518 in July.

From January to March this year energy bills in Northern Ireland were being discounted by up to 13.6p a unit for electricity and 3.9p a unit for gas.

That support was reduced from April to June 2023 - bills were discounted by up to 3.8p per unit for electricity and 2.6p per unit for gas.

The EPG will drop from about £454 a year in discount for the average household to nothing from 1 July 2023.

In Northern Ireland, the Utility Regulator imposes price controls on the major suppliers: electricity firm Power NI, SSE Airtricity gas in greater Belfast and Firmus Energy gas in the so-called Ten Towns network.

The regulator approves the maximum tariffs based on the costs for providing the service and a small profit margin.

The NHS is set to miss a key cancer treatment target laid out in the Covid recovery plan, the national cancer director for England has said.

The NHS had committed to cutting the backlog of people waiting more than two months to be diagnosed and begin cancer treatment to pre-pandemic levels.

But Dame Cally Palmer told MPs a spike in demand meant NHS England would miss the March 2023 target.

She said a new target of March 2024 was now being discussed with ministers.

In its Covid recovery plan published in February 2022, NHS England committed to tackling the substantial backlog of people with suspected cancer who are facing long waits to either start treatment, or be tested and receive the all-clear.

It set a target to cut the total number of patients having to wait more than two months - or 62 days - to the pre-pandemic level of 14,000 by the end of March 2023.

"We've made very significant progress, the backlog was at an all-time high of around 34,000 last summer," Dame Cally told the Health and Social Care Committee.

"Last week it was 23,500, so we've dropped by about 10,000 but there's still further to go."

Most of the patients on that waiting list will ultimately be told they do not have cancer but, giving evidence to the committee, NHS officials said that long waits for a diagnosis create "a lot of anxiety for people".

Professor Peter Johnson, national clinical director for cancer at NHS England, told MPs: "I don't think anybody is comfortable with the fact that we have a large number of people who are waiting too long to get their diagnosis and start their treatment.

"What we need to do is contend with a very large number of referrals - between 200,000 to 260,000 people every month are referred for investigation of possible cancer, [of] whom only about 6% will have cancer."

Dame Deborah James raised millions for cancer research before she died aged 40

Dame Cally said the spike in referrals from GPs has been linked to a number of factors including a rise in cancer rates in the population; more people putting off care during the pandemic who are now coming forward; and a wider increase in awareness attributed to publicity campaigns and high-profile cancer cases.

She said there was a "big surge" in people coming forward with possible bowel cancer after the death of Dame Deborah James in June 2022.

The NHS in England has been struggling to meet every one of its nine cancer care targets since the the start of the Covid pandemic in February 2020.

Under the NHS constitution, 85% of patients diagnosed with cancer should start treatment within two months of an urgent referral, although that level of performance has not been achieved since 2015.

The latest figures show that, in December 2022, 61.8% of patients started treatment within 62-days, up slightly from 61% the previous month.

Other parts of the UK have been under similar pressure:

"What we're seeing across cancer services right now is devastating," said Minesh Patel, head of policy at the cancer support charity Macmillan.

"While we welcome recent efforts to improve the numbers of people referred and diagnosed early, waiting times in England still reached record highs in 2022.

"Behind these unacceptable figures are real people who are having to put their lives on hold whilst they face anxious waits."

Maya Forstater found herself out of a job after tweeting "gender-critical" views

A woman who lost out on a job after tweeting gender-critical views is to get a £100,000 payout after a decision from an employment tribunal.

Tax expert Maya Forstater did not have her contract renewed in March 2019 after writing tweets saying people could not change their biological sex.

She was found to have experienced discrimination while working for the Centre for Global Development (CGD).

The think tank said it would continue to try to build an inclusive workplace.

In their decision on Friday, three London judges said Ms Forstater should receive compensation of £91,500 and interest of £14,904.31.

The sum is to reflect lost earnings, injury to feelings and aggravated damages after the CGD's decision not to renew her contract or fellowship.

Ms Forstater, the founder of campaign group Sex Matters, believes biological sex is immutable and not to be conflated with gender identity.

She told The Times on Friday that the ruling "sends a message to employers that this is discrimination like any other discrimination".

Ms Forstater was congratulated in a tweet by Harry Potter author JK Rowling, who has courted controversy with her own statements on trans issues.

The contentious and high-profile case even proved divisive in the courts.

Ms Forstater lost her original case in 2019, when she was told by a tribunal judge that her approach was "not worthy of respect in a democratic society".

But she appealed, and won the backing two years later of a High Court judge - who said her views were protected by the Equality Act 2010.

A fresh tribunal was ordered, and ruled last year that Ms Forstater experienced "direct discrimination" related to her beliefs.

Commenting on the July 2022 ruling, charity Stonewall said the decision did not "change the reality of trans people's workplace protection".

It added: "No-one has the right to discriminate against, or harass, trans people simply because they disagree with their existence and participation in society."

Responding to Friday's tribunal decision, a CGD representative said the organisation "has and will continue to strive to maintain a workplace that is welcoming, safe and inclusive to all" and would now be able "once again to focus exclusively on our mission - reducing global poverty and inequality through economic research that drives better policy and practice".

Ms Carroll smiled to reporters as she left the courthouse

A jury in a civil case has found former President Donald Trump sexually abused a magazine columnist in a New York department store in the 1990s.

But Mr Trump was found not liable for raping E Jean Carroll in the dressing room of Bergdorf Goodman.

The jury also found Mr Trump liable for defamation for calling the writer's accusations "a hoax and a lie".

It is the first time Mr Trump has been found legally responsible for a sexual assault.

The Manhattan jury ordered Mr Trump to pay her about $5m (£4m) in damages.

The jury of six men and three women reached their decision after less than three hours of deliberations on Tuesday.

"Today, the world finally knows the truth," Ms Carroll said in a written statement following the verdict. "This victory is not just for me but for every woman who has suffered because she was not believed."

Mr Trump's lawyer said the former president plans to appeal against the decision.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Because the trial was in civil court rather than criminal, Mr Trump will not be required to register as a sex offender.

The former president - who has denied Ms Carroll's accusations - did not attend the two-week civil trial in the Manhattan federal court.

Ms Carroll, 79, held the hands of both her lawyers as the verdict was read in court and smiled as she was awarded damages by the jury.

Mr Trump's lawyer, Joe Tacopina, shook her hand as the trial ended, telling her: "Congratulations and good luck."

Roberta Kaplan, a lawyer for the plaintiff said in a statement: "This is a victory not only for E Jean Carroll, but for democracy itself, and for all survivors everywhere."

After the verdict, Mr Trump, 76, posted on his social media platform Truth Social in all capital letters: "I have absolutely no idea who this woman is.

"This verdict is a disgrace - a continuation of the greatest witch hunt of all time!"

The standard of proof in civil cases is lower than in criminal cases, meaning that jurors were only required to find that it was more likely than not that Mr Trump assaulted Ms Carroll.

While the jury found Mr Trump liable for sexual battery and defamation of Ms Carroll, they did not find Mr Trump liable of raping her. To do so, the jury would have needed to have been convinced that Mr Trump had engaged in non-consensual sexual intercourse with Ms Carroll.

The trial saw a tense cross-examination between Ms Carroll and Mr Trump's attorneys.

Her legal team called 11 witnesses to corroborate her claims that Mr Trump had assaulted her in the lingerie department of the luxury store in 1995 or 1996.

They included two women who also say they were sexually assaulted by Mr Trump decades ago. One woman told jurors that Mr Trump groped her during a flight in the 1970s. Another woman said that Mr Trump had forcibly kissed her while she was interviewing him for an article she was writing in 2005.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Two long-time friends of Ms Carroll testified that she told them about the encounter shortly after it occurred.

On the stand, Ms Carroll described in graphic detail what she alleges happened in the store and the trauma she says she has endured as a result.

"I'm here because Donald Trump raped me and when I wrote about it, he lied and said it didn't happen," she told the court.

Mr Trump called no witnesses and appeared only in a video of a deposition that was played for jurors in which he denied rape.

"It's the most ridiculous, disgusting story," Mr Trump said in the footage. "It's just made up."

Ms Carroll's lawsuit also argued that Mr Trump had defamed her in an October 2022 post on his social media site in which he called her claims a "complete con job" and "a Hoax and a lie".

Her legal team argued Mr Trump had acted as a "witness against himself" during the deposition when he doubled down on comments he made in a 2005 recording.

In the audio, known as the Access Hollywood tape and leaked in 2016, Mr Trump suggested women let stars "do anything" to them, including grabbing their genitals.

That's what he did to Ms Carroll, her lawyer argued.

In the recorded video deposition, Mr Trump at one point confused Ms Carroll for his ex-wife, Marla Maples, which Ms Carroll's lawyers argued undermined his claim that she was "not his type".

Mr Tacopina sought to cast doubt on Ms Carroll's story, which he called "a work of fiction".

He questioned why Ms Carroll could not specify the date of the attack, arguing that it stripped Mr Trump of the chance to provide an alibi.

"With no date, no month, no year, you can't present an alibi, you can't call witnesses," Mr Tacopina said. "What they want is for you to hate him enough to ignore the facts."

Mr Tacopina also pressed her on why she did not report a crime to police or scream while it occurred.

The former Elle magazine columnist was able to bring the civil case against Mr Trump after New York passed the Adult Survivors Act in 2022.

The law allowed a one-year period for victims to file sexual assault lawsuits in the state involving claims that would have normally exceeded statute limitations.

"We pray together, we cry together," says community representative Michael Tsifidaris

In a brightly lit hall on an industrial estate, rows of empty chairs are arranged in front of a plain wooden lectern.

Hamburg's Jehovah's witnesses have cancelled all services following Thursday's deadly shooting in another meeting hall in the city which claimed seven lives, including that of an unborn child.

The attack took place shortly after worshippers finished their service. Police have told them that they cannot rule out the possibility of a so-called copycat attack, says Michael Tsifidaris, who speaks for the community here.

He's smartly dressed in a business suit, but looks exhausted. It's clear that he's still deeply shaken. Two of his friends were killed in the attack.

He tells us he spent Thursday night with survivors in hospital, and at the police station. But he also comforted relatives as they waited in a hastily arranged emergency centre for news of their loved ones.

"It's hard to imagine - a group of people are sitting together during an evening in the church, reading the Bible, singing, praying together. Then they spend a couple of minutes together to talk to each other after the meeting, Then, all of a sudden, a scene of love becomes a scene of hate and death."

The fact that the killer was a former member of the Jehovah's Witness community here makes the tragedy particularly hard to bear.

There are about 4,000 Jehovah's Witnesses in and around Hamburg. The community is divided into smaller congregations, each with their own meeting place, known as a Kingdom Hall.

Detectives investigating the mass shooting have said the killer left the Jehovah's Witnesses on terms which were "not good".

Mr Tsifidaris says he doesn't know why the man left, didn't know him personally, and appears reluctant to talk about him.

Those who leave the Jehovah's Witnesses are often "disassociated" or cut off by most members of the community; a practice sometimes referred to as "shunning".

The police have revealed they recently received an anonymous letter, in which the author warned the attacker had a gun, was mentally unstable and harboured anger against religious groups, including the Jehovah's Witnesses.

"He left the community two years ago and now, all of a sudden, he's showing up and is acting against all the principles we stand for," says Mr Tsifidaris.

"What we know is that in the religious context, there is a community he knows, there is a community he was part of, so this is a community he focused his hate on. He knew the premises, he knew the arrangements."

For now, the community is meeting online. Mr Tsifidaris, who refers to his fellow members as brothers and sisters, speaks often of the comfort to be found in supporting one another. "We pray together, we cry together."

Uppermost in their thoughts are those who remain seriously injured in hospital. He's adamant that their treatment is not compromised by a refusal to accept blood transfusions - Jehovah's Witnesses believe that God forbids this.

They are not yet out of danger, he tells us, but the doctors say there's a fair chance most will survive.

For now, the focus is on supporting the bereaved and the traumatised. No one, he says, is left alone in their grief.

This attack has left a city in mourning and a community in shock and horror. It will, says Mr Tsifidaris, take years to heal.

Jehovah's Witnesses services were cancelled after the mass shooting

The government is committed to new oil and gas licences in the North Sea

The prime minister will emphasise the need to strengthen Britain's energy security when he meets industry leaders this week.

Rishi Sunak is to set out details of the government's plans for the UK's fossil fuel and green industries.

The Sunday Times says he will announce multimillion-pound funding for a carbon capture project in Scotland.

The Tories are facing internal divisions over their green policies, with some MPs calling for a rethink.

Environmental groups have expressed "deep alarm" at reports the government may water down its green commitments.

Anger over London Mayor Sadiq Khan's plans to extend the capital's ultra-low emission zone (Ulez) was widely seen as helping Conservatives seal a narrow victory in the Uxbridge by-election.

Both Mr Sunak and Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer have urged Mr Khan to reflect on the Ulez rollout as people struggle with cost-of-living pressures.

Mr Sunak is now setting out his position as being on the side of drivers.

In an interview with the Sunday Telegraph, he said he has ordered a review of low traffic neighbourhoods (LTNs) because he supports people to "use their cars to do all the things that matter to them".

With intense heatwaves worldwide this month prompting climate change warnings, the backlash against Ulez has propelled the UK's net zero target to the top of the political agenda.

The PM and his Energy Security Secretary, Grant Shapps, will meet senior representatives from the oil and gas, renewable and nuclear industries over the week.

The government said it hoped the meetings would ensure the UK was making the most of opportunities to boost its energy infrastructure and help it to press ahead with safeguarding energy security and reducing reliance on "hostile states".

According to the Sunday Times, Mr Sunak will start the week in Aberdeenshire where he will announce funding for the Acorn carbon capture project, a joint venture between Shell UK and other companies.

The project would see harmful greenhouse gas emissions piped under the North Sea.

This would prevent carbon dioxide being released into the atmosphere, by capturing it at the point where the fossil fuel is being burnt.

The technology is seen by policy makers as a vital tool in reaching net-zero emissions by the middle of the century and could create up to 21,000 jobs, the Sunday Times reported.

Some environmentalists, however, are against it because they consider it a distraction from the urgent need to cut emissions.

The Acorn Project has been under development in various forms for more than a decade.

It had hoped to be one of the first projects of its kind to receive government backing in 2021, but lost out to two projects in the north of England around the Humber and the Mersey.

If given the go ahead this week, it would become Scotland's first carbon capture and storage facility.

Mr Sunak will vow to "put powering up Britain from Britain first", making the most of the UK's resources, reducing reliance on imported fossil fuels and investing in renewables technologies.

The government, despite alarm from climate campaigners, is also committed to new oil and gas licences in the North Sea.

In its energy security strategy, published in March, the government said it was committed to further oil and gas exploration to "minimise our reliance on overseas imports".

Calling energy security "national security", Mr Shapps said: "Since Putin's illegal invasion of Ukraine the government has driven Putin from our energy market, paid around half of a typical family's energy bill and grown our economy by driving forward major energy projects.

"This week we will go even further. Forging ahead with critical measures to power up Britain from Britain, including supporting our invaluable oil and gas industry, making the most of our home-grown energy sources and backing British innovation in renewables."

Shadow climate secretary Ed Miliband said families and businesses were paying the price, in higher energy bills, of "13 years of failed Tory energy policy".

"Labour will take no lessons from the party that banned onshore wind, crashed the market for solar, stalled energy efficiency, haven't got any new nuclear plants started, and left us at the mercy of tyrants across the world."

Jamie Peters, climate coordinator at Friends of the Earth, said ending the UK's "reliance" on fossil fuels was the "only sensible and effective way" of increasing energy security.

"The UK is blessed with huge renewable energy resources, offshore and onshore, and we should be making better use of these for long-term security and economic prosperity."

The Prince of Wales has met a road crash survivor who he helped save while working as an air ambulance pilot.

Jack Beeton was in a van driven by his uncle when it crashed with a lorry near Cambridge in October 2015, killing his uncle and leaving Mr Beeton with life-threatening injuries.

Prince William invited Mr Beeton to Windsor Castle after receiving a letter from his girlfriend.

"I was saved by these guys and everyone else on the shift," said Mr Beeton.

"It's been lovely to see William, be able to shake his hand and thank him for what he did for me that day."

Prince William worked for the East Anglian Air Ambulance for two years

Prince William joined the East Anglian Air Ambulance as a helicopter pilot in March 2015 and began his first operational missions four months later.

Upon finishing his job in July 2017, he wrote a public letter singling out the day when his crewmates saved Mr Beeton's life following the collision on the A10.

Jack Beeton got the chance to meet Prince William after his girlfriend sent the palace a letter

Prince William's crew were the first on scene at the collision aftermath in October 2015

The prince wrote at the time: "We were first on scene and in such circumstances we all had to pitch in to fight to save the young man's life.

"It is days like this, when you know you have made a difference, that give you the determination to keep going."

Mr Beeton's girlfriend wrote to Prince William to say her partner had managed to thank all the crew from that day, apart from him.

Other members of the crew joined Mr Beeton to reunite once again at Windsor Castle.

Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp on 0800 169 1830

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The former prime minister, Theresa May, argued the bill would "consign more people to slavery"

Some senior Tory MPs have criticised the government's asylum reforms as MPs overturned changes made by the House of Lords to the Illegal Migration Bill.

Former PM Theresa May was among more than a dozen Tories arguing for a different approach from ministers.

But their calls did not stop MPs voting to reject revisions peers had made to the bill in the Lords.

The bill is central to Prime Minister Rishi Sunak's pledge to stop small boats crossing the English Channel.

The Illegal Migration Bill seeks to deter people from making the crossing by toughening up the rules and conditions around seeking asylum.

As it was debated in the House of Commons on Tuesday, Mr Sunak said he was "throwing absolutely everything" at tackling Channel crossings.

But the passage of the bill has not been easy, with peers voting for 20 changes and campaigners calling on MPs to reject the government's proposals.

The amendments voted for by the Lords have been overturned by MPs in a series of 18 votes, although ahead of the debate, the Home Office offered several concessions, including on time limits for the detention of children and pregnant women.

The bill now heads to the Lords again, for peers to consider the changes made by MPs.

In a Commons debate, Immigration Minister Robert Jenrick accused peers of "wrecking" the government's asylum reforms by trying to make amendments.

Mr Jenrick said it was "vital" that the bill was passed quickly and described amendments made by the Lords as being "riddled with exceptions and get-out clauses".

The government's concessions were not enough to win the backing of some Tory MPs, who raised concerns over how the bill treats unaccompanied children and the victims of modern slavery.

Mrs May said the bill "will consign more people to slavery", adding she would have to "persist in disagreeing with the government" on this issue.

The former prime minister told MPs: "I know that ministers have said this bill will enable more perpetrators to be stopped, but on modern slavery I genuinely believe it will do the opposite.

"It will enable more slave-drivers to operate and make money out of human misery."

She was among 16 Conservatives who voted against the government's rejection of protections for people claiming to be victims of modern slavery.

There were also rebellions from Conservative MPs connected to the limits and conditions of detaining unaccompanied children.

One of the rebels, former Conservative minister Tim Loughton, said the "assurances that we were promised have not materialised or, if they have, I am afraid nobody understands them".

He complained about the timing of the concessions and said "more work needs to be done" on scrutinising the bill before it becomes law.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Robert Jenrick says cartoons in an asylum reception centre were painted over as they were not "age appropriate" for teenagers.

One of the most controversial aspects of the bill would place a legal duty on the government to detain and remove migrants arriving in the UK illegally, either to Rwanda or another "safe" third country.

Stephen Kinnock, Labour's shadow immigration minister, said the government's Rwanda plan was "fundamentally flawed", and he accused Mr Jenrick of "pettiness" for painting over Mickey Mouse cartoons in an immigration centre.

Mr Kinnock said the bill would "only make a terrible situation worse" by increasing the asylum backlog, and "ensure people smugglers are laughing all the way to the bank".

With Parliament due to break for summer at the end of next week, the bill faces a prolonged stand-off between peers and the government during so-called parliamentary ping-pong, when legislation is batted between the Lords and Commons until agreement on the wording can be reached.

The latest figures show more than 13,000 migrants have made the crossing so far this year, including more than 1,600 in the last four days.

The government's efforts to curb the number of small boats crossing the Channel have been hampered in Parliament and the courts.

A plan to house asylum seekers on a barge moored in Dorset has been delayed.

And the government's policy of sending migrants to Rwanda is set for a legal battle in the Supreme Court.

On Monday, a senior Home Office official confirmed the department was paying to keep nearly 5,000 beds empty across the country, in case a sudden influx of migrants caused overcrowding at detention centres.

The government has stressed it remains committed to its plan to remove migrants to Rwanda, and has said it will challenge a Court of Appeal ruling last week that this was unlawful.

Junior doctors in Scotland have voted overwhelmingly in favour of a three-day strike amid a pay dispute with the Scottish government.

In a ballot of BMA Scotland members 97% voted for 72-hour walkout over calls for a 23.5% increase above inflation.

It follows a strikes by junior doctors in England, who walked out for three days in March and four days in April.

Health Secretary Michael Matheson said he was "disappointed" but that further talks on pay were taking place.

The ballot, which was open for more than five weeks, closed at noon.

More than 71% of the eligible 5,000 junior doctors voted, with 97% in favour of industrial action. A strike would impact planned operations, clinics and GP appointments.

Junior doctors - fully-qualified medics who are not specialty staff doctors, consultants or GPs - make up 44% of the doctors in the NHS in Scotland.

The union said previous pay awards for junior doctors in Scotland had delivered real-terms pay cuts of 23.5% since 2008.

It added that, with rises in inflation, this year's 4.5% uplift was "again being outstripped and the position on pay erosion will be worse by the end of the year".

The BMA has asked for a 23.5% increase on top of inflation, arguing that it is needed to make up for 15 years of "pay erosion".

The union said it would begin preparations for a 72-hour walkout if the Scottish government did not put forward a credible offer. Dates for the strike have not been confirmed.

Committee chairman Dr Chris Smith said some junior doctors in Scotland were earning a basic salary that equated to about £14 an hour.

He told BBC Radio Scotland's Drivetime programme 44% of junior doctors in the BMA were "actively considering leaving the NHS".

"That's just because of the low pay driving people away, which means there are gaps in the rotas, which means the work becomes harder, which drives people into burnout - it's just a self-perpetuating cycle," he said.

"What we need to do now is put a stop to that, and to do that we need a good pay offer from the Scottish government."

Dr Smith said the historic strike would be "vital" to protect the NHS.

"This ballot result shows, beyond doubt, that junior doctors in Scotland have had enough," he said, adding that the pay erosion since 2008 was "simply unacceptable".

"We have made, and continue to make, progress with Scottish government in formal negotiations on pay, but there is still some work to do before there is an offer that we believe could be credibly put to members."

Health Secretary Michael Matheson said negotiations were under way

The Scottish government previously said the BMA demands were "simply unaffordable" unless cuts were made to the NHS and other public services.

First Minister Humza Yousaf will be under pressure to avert the strike having often pointed out during the SNP leadership campaign his record as health secretary on avoiding NHS strikes in Scotland.

Health Secretary Michael Matheson said he was "disappointed" by the result of the ballot.

"I will continue to do all I can to avert industrial action in NHS Scotland," he said. "Negotiations to agree a pay uplift are already under way.

"As these negotiations are held in confidence, it would be inappropriate to offer any further details at this time."

Junior doctors had already been awarded a 4.5% pay uplift recommended by the independent Doctors' and Dentists' Pay Review Body, the Scottish government said.

It wrote to the body earlier in the year asking for a "separate and specific" recommendation for junior doctor pay.

Dr Tiffany Li, from BMA's Scottish junior doctors committee, told BBC Radio Scotland's Lunchtime Live the drop in pay in real terms over the past 15 years was the "equivalent of working three months of the year for free".

"What we're simply asking the Scottish government to do is help us to reverse that pay cut and actually bring it back to cost neutral level," she said.

Dr Li said many doctors were leaving the NHS to work abroad where pay and conditions were better.

"Patient care is the centre of what we strike for," she said.

"On a daily basis we are seeing that patients are not getting the care that they need. We're seeing surgeries being cancelled because of a lack of staff an outpatient clinics being cancelled, again because of a lack of doctors."

Strikes would cause disruption to patient care but in a "safe, controlled environment", she added.

Scottish Conservative health spokesman Dr Sandesh Gulhane said it was clear that junior doctors were "at the end of their tether".

"Patients will naturally be alarmed at the impact strike action will have on already unacceptable waiting times," he said.

Jackie Baillie, Scottish Labour health spokesperson, said: "This result has not come out of the blue - it is the product of years of SNP failure to support junior doctors and reward them for their work."

Other NHS Scotland staff previously agreed to pay settlements without their threatened strike action, with nurses, midwives and allied health professionals accepting a 6.5% increase from April on top of a 7.5% pay rise imposed for 2022/23.

Junior doctors in England, who are asking for a 35% pay rise, staged strikes between 13 and 15 March and 11 and 15 April.

UK Health Secretary Steve Barclay described their pay claim as unaffordable, but earlier this week a government spokesman said discussions with the BMA were "constructive" and both parties would meet again in the coming days.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Drone shot down over Kyiv leaves trail of fire and smoke in sky

Ukraine's air force has shot down one of its own drones which it says had lost control above central Kyiv.

There were explosions for around 15 to 20 minutes on Thursday evening as air defence attempted to shoot it down in an area near the president's office.

Ukraine presidential chief of staff Andriy Yermak initially said it was an enemy drone that had been shot down.

But the air force later admitted it was Ukrainian and had been destroyed to avoid "undesirable circumstances".

In a statement, it said the Bayraktar TB2 UAV [unmanned aerial vehicle] had lost control around at 20:00 (17:00 GMT) in the Kyiv region, during a scheduled flight.

It added that it had taken a decision to shoot it down "since the uncontrolled presence of UAVs in the sky of the capital could lead to undesirable consequences".

There were no casualties or injuries from the falling drone, it said.

"It's a pity, but this is technology, and such cases happen," the statement said. "It is probably a technical malfunction, the reasons are being established."

Videos of efforts to shoot down the drone had been shared widely on social media. Cheers could be heard when the drone was finally taken down.

City military administration head Serhiy Popko said a fire was brought under control in a building where the drone was brought down in Solomyanskyi district, west of the city centre.

The incident comes after Russia accused Ukraine of carrying out an alleged drone attack on the Kremlin on Wednesday aimed at assassinating President Vladimir Putin, who was not in the building at the time.

On Thursday, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said the US was "undoubtedly" behind the alleged attack, without providing evidence.

Ukraine has said it had nothing to do with the alleged attack on the Kremlin, and has accused Moscow of staging the incident in order to escalate the war.

Thirty-two teams will compete in this year's Women's World Cup

The world's top women footballers are being put at risk because of a lack of pay, medical supervision and suitable training facilities, according to a new report.

The players' union Fifpro says conditions are a "barrier to performance" at the world's six continental championships.

All, except Europe's, are used as qualifying rounds for the World Cup.

The BBC has asked world football's governing body Fifa for comment.

Fifpro are warning that inadequate playing and support conditions are having a big impact on the health and wellbeing of international football players. A previous Fifpro study suggested that more than one in three footballers experience depressive symptoms.

Earlier this year, Fifa announced equal conditions - but not equal prize money - for its women's and men's World Cup tournaments, including better travel provisions and private hotel rooms for each player.

Now Fifpro are calling for equal conditions when it comes to the pathways to the World Cup as well.

"The obligations and pressures have increased with the upward trajectory of professionalisation but the conditions and wellbeing of players has either stayed the same or actually decreased," Dr Alex Culvin, Fifpro's head of research for women's football told the BBC's 100 Women.

For her, its crucial that the right care is offered to the more than half of players who reported either not receiving, or not being aware of, mental health support.

Fifpro says almost one in three players surveyed said they are not paid by their national team for these matches. More than half said they didn't get a pre-tournament medical examination.

"It is not an environment that supports players to be at their best all of the time," says Sarah Gregorius, Fifpro's director of strategic relations for women's football.

When it comes to pre-tournament medicals, she says, "the numbers on their own are quite shocking and dangerous".

She wants to see all players offered one and anything less is "completely unacceptable".

Many countries have a long history of men's professional football and experts say this established infrastructure is partly why medical care for male players is more consistent compared to women's football.

"Because of the limited number of [women's] professional clubs who offer professional standards... the need for women players to have these tests done at the international level is greater," says Dr Culvin.

She points to the Confederation of African Football (Caf) as an example of what can be achieved - its players reported a much higher likelihood of receiving adequate health checks compared to players at other confederation championships.

"Caf had made a real effort to give a medical and an ECG [electrocardiogram - to check heart rhythms] to all of the players... so when confederations make it a priority, the data can shift," she says.

Nearly all of those who took part in the Fifpro research said that pay and prize money needed to be improved.

Almost one third of those surveyed said they had to take unpaid leave from other employment to take part in qualifying rounds.

"Players have to make a choice between competing for their national team in international tournaments or maintaining their second job and another source of income. A choice players should not have to make," says Fifpro in its report.

As part of Fifa's recent commitment to minimum conditions for this year's Women's World Cup tournament - taking place in Australia and New Zealand - it promised a share of prize money for players.

Each individual player from the squad of up to 23 players will be given an amount of money depending on their team's achievement in the competition, from $30,000 (£23,476) for those exiting at the group stage, up to $270,000 (£211,286) for each player in the winning team.

Qualifying for the Women's World Cup has made Zambia pay attention to women's football, says Evarine Katongo

This year will be the first time a team from Zambia - men's or women's - will appear in a football World Cup competition. It has made everyone in the country pay attention to women's football, says Evarine Katongo, a midfielder on the qualifying team.

She thinks Fifa's promise is a step in the right direction for footballers who come from challenging backgrounds or low incomes.

"It really will make an impact, especially to the African players," she says. "It will really help them to do good for their family and probably it will help them make ends meet."

Although she sees women's football becoming more popular in Zambia, when it comes to pursuing her own dreams, Evarine says success lies abroad, where there is more money and opportunity.

"My dream for myself at the World Cup is to be scouted by another team," she says.

"I don't see myself playing for the local league in Zambia again after the World Cup."

One player who has achieved success with a bigger club is Colombian international Leicy Santos, who moved to Spain to play professionally for Atletico Madrid in 2019.

Earlier in her career, she faced immense financial hardship in order to pursue her dream.

"I come from a very humble family," she says of her time growing up in rural Colombia.

Leicy Santos will be playing in her second World Cup this year, after first appearing for Colombia in 2015

"Until I joined the Colombian national team in 2012, I didn't have any financial support. Then I started to earn a small amount of money every time I went to training, they [the national team] paid my travel expenses," she says.

"At that point I stopped asking my parents for money and rather helped them as much as I could, but what they [the national team] paid me wasn't much either."

Despite being part of the national team, it still wasn't possible for her to make a living only from football, and Leicy says she cleaned houses with her mother to help contribute towards the family's income.

"The reality is that you don't have a constant support that allows you to make a living from football and focus only on the sport," she says.

In 2019, Atletico Madrid signed Leicy and that's when she noticed a huge change in her professional experience.

"I am in a club that offers me everything - training facilities, medical services, a salary," she says.

"I know that I am privileged; there are clubs that even in my same league here in Spain do not provide any of this and [the players] have a very bad time."

Organisers are hoping a record two billion people will watch the Women's World Cup this year, nearly double the 1.12 billion viewers for the 2019 tournament in France.

"I just think it's an incredible way to smash the stereotypes that have persisted," says Jennifer Cooper, UN Women's sport lead.

"It shows that women are capable. It provides role models and dreams for girls and... it normalises that men and women both play football."

The BBC contacted Fifa, the six confederations and the national teams for Colombia and Zambia to make a statement but none were provided.

A major blaze near Mudgee, New South Wales, has burned more than 2,000 hectares since Sunday

Dozens of bushfires burning across Australia's east coast could get worse as a severe heatwave continues, fire services have warned.

After two years of rains and floods, a return to warmer conditions has sparked New South Wales state's worst fires since the 2019/2020 "Black Summer".

A blaze 250km (155 miles) north-west of Sydney triggered the region's first emergency fire warning in two years.

Residents in affected areas across New South Wales - Australia's most populous state - have been urged to evacuate, and there are reports of damage to some properties.

Temperatures in some parts of the state also hit 40C (104F) on Monday, for the first time since January 2021.

On Tuesday, 33 fires were still burning across the state, 10 of which were not under control, fire authorities said.

The NSW Rural Fire Service said strong winds had driven the fires' rapid spread.

"It's going to be another tough day for firefighters and potentially even into tomorrow before we get some reprieve," RFS Commissioner Rob Rogers told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.

Australia's Bureau of Meteorology (Bom) also warned that dry thunderstorms were possible across eastern NSW, which could spark new fires.

RFS Inspector Ben Shepherd told the BBC a number of other fires in western NSW were "likely to be problematic".

The hot and dry conditions are expected to last until Wednesday.

Eastern Australia has experienced three consecutive summers of La Niña conditions, with above-average rainfall causing widespread flooding.

In 2022, Sydney recorded its wettest year since records began.

But last week, the Bom said its models suggested La Niña was "likely near its end", with a return to neutral conditions or even the hot and dry El Niño phenomenon, likely in the southern hemisphere's autumn.

At least 33 people and an estimated 3 billion animals and birds died in 2019-20 Black Summer fires, one of Australia's worst-ever natural disasters.

Have you been affected by the issues raised in this story? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

The Nikolay Zubov LNG tanker, docking in the UK in 2021

Shell is still trading Russian gas more than a year after pledging to withdraw from the Russian energy market.

The company was involved in nearly an eighth of Russia's shipborne gas exports in 2022, according to analysis from campaign group Global Witness.

Oleg Ustenko, an adviser to Ukrainian President Vladimir Zelensky, accused Shell of accepting "blood money".

Shell said the trades were the result of "long-term contractual commitments" and do not violate laws or sanctions.

As recently as 9 May, a vast tanker capable of carrying more than 160,000 cubic metres of gas compressed into liquid form - liquefied natural gas or LNG - pulled out of the port of Sabetta, on the Yamal peninsula in Russia's far north.

That cargo was purchased by Shell before heading onwards to its ultimate destination, Hong Kong.

It is one of eight LNG cargoes that Shell has bought from Yamal this year, according to data from the Kpler database analysed by Global Witness.

Last year Shell accounted for 12% of Russia's seaborne LNG trade, Global Witness calculates, and was among the top five traders of Russian-originated LNG that year.

In March 2022, in the weeks following the invasion of Ukraine, Shell apologised for buying a cargo of Russian oil, and said it intended to withdraw from Russian oil and gas.

It said that it would stop buying Russian oil, sell its service stations and other businesses in Russia, which it has done. It has also ended its joint ventures with the state energy giant Gazprom.

And it said it would start a "phased withdrawal from Russian petroleum products, pipeline gas and LNG". But it warned that it would be a "complex challenge".

Shell said last year it would close all its service stations in Russia

Since then, it has kept taking cargoes of LNG from two Russian ports, the one at Yamal and one at Sakhalin in the far east.

Shell used to be a minority investor in the Sakhalin gas project, but abandoned that claim in September last year after the Russian government transferred its shares to a local business - and since then has taken no gas from Sakhalin.

But it still honours the contract with the Russian LNG company Novatek, which obliges it to buy 900,000 tonnes a year from Yamal until the 2030s, according to the Reuters news agency.

Novatek is Russia's second biggest gas company, and the taxes it pays are a significant contributor to the Russian government's budget.

Oleg Ustenko, an adviser to the Ukrainian president, said: "It is quite simple: by continuing to trade in Russian gas Shell is putting money into Putin's pockets and helping to fund Russia's brutal aggression against the people of Ukraine.

"The vast sums that Shell and the whole oil industry have made in Russia should be used to help fund the reconstruction of Ukraine, rather than lining the pockets of their shareholders."

A spokesman for Shell said: "Shell has stopped buying Russian LNG on the spot market, but still has some long-term contractual commitments. This is in full compliance with sanctions, applicable laws and regulations of the countries in which we operate.

"There is a dilemma between putting pressure on the Russian government over its atrocities in Ukraine and ensuring stable, secure energy supplies. It is for governments to decide on the incredibly difficult trade-offs that must be made."

Shell is the world's largest trader of LNG, which is not subject to European sanctions, making billions of dollars in profits trading oil and gas last year.

Russia massively reduced its deliveries of gas by pipeline last year, but it has increased the amount of gas it supplies by ship, including to Europe.

The UK has not imported any Russian gas for over a year, while EU politicians are trying to reduce the amount of Russian LNG the bloc imports. In March, the EU's Energy Commissioner Kadri Simson called on countries and firms to stop buying Russian gas, and not to sign new contracts.

"It's long overdue that the trading of Russian LNG is looked at with the same disgust as Russian oil trading. Targeting Putin's energy income cannot be about symbolic measures but must concretely put a stop to the huge fossil fuel sums that cement his power," said Jonathan Noronha-Gant, senior campaigner at Global Witness.

The France-based energy company TotalEnergies is a minority shareholder in the Yamal project, and was also a major trader in Russian LNG, the Global Witness analysis reported.

The BBC has approached TotalEnergies for comment.

Katie Boulter won her first WTA title with a dominant victory in Nottingham over Jodie Burrage in the first all-British tour-level final in 46 years.

The British women's number one ranking was also on the line as Boulter outplayed her good friend 6-3 6-3.

"I'm definitely going to be sleeping with this trophy tonight," Boulter said in her on-court interview.

Earlier, Andy Murray won the men's event as Britons find form on grass before next month's Wimbledon.

Boulter and Burrage were contesting the first all-British WTA final since Sue Barker beat Virginia Wade in San Francisco on 28 February 1977.

Both players were also appearing in their first WTA finals after excellent performances in Nottingham this week but it was Boulter who took control from the start.

The day's order of play had been changed because of the forecast of rain, and with dark clouds hanging heavy, Boulter stormed into a 5-1 lead with a double break in the opening set.

But she then failed to serve it out at the first opportunity as Burrage's forehand clicked. That was the only blip for the 26-year-old though as she immediately broke back to seal the set.

She barely paused for breath at the start of the second, taking the first two games to love and faced her only real challenge at 3-1 when she had to fend off break point with a stunning backhand winner.

Boulter delivered her first ace of the match when she was serving for victory but she missed her first match point when she sent a backhand narrowly wide - Burrage's puff of the cheeks a big indication of just how close that had been. But she was soon celebrating victory when 24-year-old Burrage sent a forehand long.

The pair shared a warm hug at the net and then sat next to each other chatting and laughing while they waited for the trophy presentation at the end of a memorable week for both of them.

"I dreamed of this moment, to win this tournament, as a little girl when I was four years old," said an emotional Boulter, who considers this her home tournament after growing up in Leicester.

"Having come here as a fan and now as a player and somehow finding a way to win it means more than everything to me."

Boulter, who took over as British number one from the injured Emma Raducanu last week, is now set to rise into the world's top 80 on Monday for the first time in a career that has been disrupted by injuries over the years.

The home success at the British grass-court tournaments this year has come just a few weeks after criticism of the state of tennis in the country when no British women appeared in the main draw of the singles at the French Open and only three men did.

British player Dan Evans had suggested that Raducanu's 2021 US Open victory had "papered over the cracks" in British tennis.

Less than four weeks after those comments, Murray has won back-to-back tournaments here and at Surbiton last week, while three of the women's semi-finalists at Nottingham were British.

There were also Britons in the women's doubles final, where Heather Watson and Harriet Dart lost to Norway's Ulrikke Eikeri and Estonia's Ingrid Neel, while on Saturday Jacob Fearnley and Johannus Monday won an all-British men's doubles final against Liam Broady and Jonny O'Mara.

There are far stronger fields at some of the next grass-court tournaments before Wimbledon at Eastbourne, Queen's and Birmingham but there will also be a new sense of confidence among some of the Britons who have enjoyed their best tournaments, including Boulter and Burrage.

Burrage said it had been "such a positive week" and that she had proven "a lot of things" to herself, while Boulter added: "I've played so many British players, we appreciate an all-British final and what an incredible achievement it is.

"I don't doubt we [Burrage and I] will be back here playing more finals."
• None Alerts: Get tennis news sent to your phone

Five days into the worst fighting in months between Israel and militant groups in Gaza, concern is mounting about the humanitarian situation in the Palestinian territory.

It is estimated that more than 200 patients, mostly with cancer, are unable to leave for urgently needed treatment. They include children.

Israel controls two crossings with Gaza - used for people and goods - which have been closed since the start of its military operation on Tuesday.

Operators of the sole power plant in the impoverished strip - which relies on Israeli fuel imports - say it will be forced to close in three days.

A spokesman told the BBC this would "lead to an exacerbation of the humanitarian problems". The plant supplies about half of the electricity in the territory, where some 2.3 million Palestinians live.

Dina el-Dhani, a Palestinian cancer patient in Gaza City, says she missed her scheduled treatment in Jerusalem

A British surgeon who is among an estimated 140 humanitarian workers currently stranded in Gaza says cancer patients are facing potentially life-threatening delays.

Prof Nick Maynard, a consultant surgeon at Oxford University Hospitals, arrived in Gaza City last week as part of an aid programme teaching advanced cancer surgery to Palestinian doctors.

"The doctors I work with here have got multiple examples of people who are in desperate need of cancer treatment," Prof Maynard told the BBC.

"These treatments are undoubtedly being delayed and potentially leading to deaths because of the delays now," he added.

Prof Maynard said he was one of about a dozen non-resident British nationals stuck in Gaza.

Ziyad al-Za'noun, 70, has cancer of the spinal cord and is treated every week at Istishari Hospital in Ramallah, in the occupied West Bank.

"I have been suffering from cancer for three years and there is no treatment for it here in Gaza," he said.

"On Tuesday, I was scheduled to go for a chemotherapy session in Ramallah, but we were surprised by the closure of Erez crossing.

"My health condition is getting worse, and I am using painkillers to overcome the pain, and my psychological condition is also deteriorating," Ziyad al-Za'noun added.

Israel tightened its blockade of Gaza in 2007 after it was taken over by the Islamist militant group Hamas, citing security concerns.

Hamas does not recognise Israel's right to exist and is designated as a terrorist group by Israel and many other countries.

Gaza's hospitals face severe shortages of medical equipment and medicines largely due to the blockade, but also because of internal Palestinian political divisions.

Many cancer patients need to leave for medical treatment; they have to apply for Israeli permits to exit via the Erez crossing. Most of those who get these are transferred to Augusta Victoria Hospital in occupied East Jerusalem.

More than 90 patients - six of them children with cancer - were due to arrive there in the past week but could not travel, according to Dr Fadi al-Atrash, the hospital's chief executive.

"There is always a need to refer patients primarily to Augusta Victoria and even other hospitals in the West Bank," Dr Fadi said.

"It's because of the lack of services in Gaza, lack of drugs, human resources and appropriate infrastructure."

When the current hostilities end, patients and relatives accompanying them will have to apply for new Israeli permits to leave Gaza.

"When the checkpoints are open, there will be another process for permits. More time will be taken to arrange their exit from Gaza to the hospital and that will add to the delay in their treatment that they have suffered from in the past week," Dr Fadi said.

Already Gaza's power plant is reducing the amount of electricity it generates, to try to save its fuel reserves. If it shuts down, this will have an impact on many different services.

"Preventing the entry of fuel shipments threatens it with a complete stop and will prevent the Gaza Electricity Distribution Company from supplying vital facilities such as hospitals, waste pumps and treatment plants, potable water wells and desalination plants," said Muhammad Thabet, a spokesman for the company.

Normally, some 300 lorryloads of goods enter Gaza each day through the Kerem Shalom commercial crossing with Israel.

In past conflicts, there would have been serious food shortages after several days of closure. However, recently Egypt has eased its tight restrictions on the Palestinian territory, which means food and other goods are continuing to enter.

For now, supermarkets still have stocks of basic items - but many shelves are empty, prompting shoppers to form long queues as they start stockpiling.

Israel's military-run authority that controls entry into Gaza said its crossings had been under the constant threat of rocket fire and remained shut this week.

The Israeli defence ministry said on Saturday that Palestinian Islamic Jihad (PIJ) militants had fired dozens of mortars at Erez and Kerem Shalom since Tuesday.

It also posted what it said was security camera footage showing a blast caused by a mortar fired at Erez.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by משרד הביטחון This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

But the first day of Israel's airstrikes witnessed no Palestinian fire and there have also been several lulls in the fighting.

While Egypt is continuing to try to mediate a ceasefire, the intense barrages of Palestinian rockets and Israeli air strikes and shelling have brought normal life to a halt for millions of ordinary people.

In Israel, some 1.5 million people have been told to stay close to or in a bomb shelter. Schools and many businesses in the south of the country are closed.

In Ashkelon, one self-employed resident said she had had no income in the past week and nor had her husband, a shop owner whose store has been closed.

Israeli air defence systems have not been able to intercept all of the hundreds of rockets fired. One woman has been killed and several people have been injured. A number of buildings have been damaged.

In Gaza, some 33 people have been killed - about half of them civilians - including women and children. Houses and apartments have been destroyed or damaged.

On Friday, the UN said 417 people from about 73 families had been internally displaced.

The UN has raised concerns about how the fighting is worsening the humanitarian situation in Gaza - where more than half the population lives in poverty.

Leicestershire Police officers were called to Hopyard Close on Monday night

A man and five-year-old boy have been found dead in a house in Leicester.

Police were called to an address in Hopyard Close at 21:00 BST on Monday after the man, 41, and boy were found unconscious.

East Midlands Ambulance Service and an air ambulance also attended but the pair were pronounced dead at the scene.

Leicestershire Police is carrying out an investigation into the deaths, but officers are not looking for anyone else at this stage.

Det Ch Insp Mark Sinski, from the East Midlands Special Operations Unit major crime team, said: "Detectives are working to understand what happened inside the address last night.

"I can reassure people that there is no risk to the public."

He added the families of the man and boy were being supported by officers.

Alan Potter said many residents in the area were in tears

Alan Potter, 75, who lives next door, told the BBC he heard the boy "running about" - as he normally would before bed - at about 18:00 or 19:00.

He said emergency services arrived from about 20:30, "dashing in and out of the house".

Mr Potter added the man's cousin also lived at the address.

"It's awful - I wish it hadn't [happened], but can't turn the clock back," he said.

He paid tribute to the five-year-old's "beautiful" personality, adding that he used to buy him presents at Easter and Christmas.

Carole Potter said the news was "tragic"

Mr Potter's wife Carole, 70, said they were "great friends" with the boy's mother, adding that they treated him "like he was my grandson".

"I didn't know anything until his mum came knocking on the door really loud," she said.

"I'm just so upset about it. It's tragic. I just can't believe that's happened on our doorstep."

Wayne Hurst said the deaths left him "shocked"

Neighbour Wayne Hurst, 51, described seeing a "load of ambulances" and police cars on Monday night.

"I'm a bit shocked and scared, I can't say no more, really. I'm just shocked," he said.

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, on Twitter, or on Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Louis Jourdan as Dracula in the 1977 film adaptation

The great-nephew of Dracula author Bram Stoker is visiting Scotland to research an almost-forgotten writer credited with inspiring the story.

Born near Jedburgh in 1849, Emily Gerard's fascination with vampires began after moving to Transylvania in the 1880s.

Dacre Stoker learned of Ms Gerard's influence from a rare interview his great uncle gave following the publication of Dracula, as well as the books Bram borrowed from the London Library during his research.

He is now being joined by researchers, including an academic from the University of Glasgow, to explore her writing and her legacy.

Dacre said: "Dracula is a cottage industry around the world, and Emily Gerard is due some of the credit for this."

Dacre Stoker is in Scotland to discover more about Emily Gerard

Although Dracula was not the first novel to be written about vampires, Bram Stoker's treatment of superstitions and myths lifted it above what had gone before.

The 1897 novel shaped how audiences would view vampires in the future with countless theatrical and film adaptations made in the decades that followed.

Bram wrote sections of Dracula during his summer holidays in the Aberdeenshire coastal village of Cruden Bay.

Nearby Slain Castle is credited with his inspiration for the count's castle.

Slain Castle is credited with his inspiration for the Dracula's castle

Dacre, an author and lecturer who has written both a prequel and a sequel to Dracula, believes Ms Gerard was behind much of the superstitions which featured in his great-uncle's book.

He said she was also responsible for the novel being set in Transylvania.

"Emily Gerard wrote an essay for the 19th Century magazine called Transylvanian Superstitions and followed it up with her book, Land Beyond the Forest.

"It gave my great-uncle a tremendous insight into the superstitions of vampires and the folklore involved with the undead - the nosferatu," he said.

"All of this, Bram got from Emily Gerard, and he was able to insert it into the book he was working on.

"She even helped him set the story in Transylvania, as he was originally setting it in Austria."

Christopher Lee in the film role of Dracula

Ms Gerard - the eldest daughter of Colonel Archibald Gerard and Euphemia Erskine - is believed to have been born at Chesters estate, outside Jedburgh, in 1849.

The family had moved to Lanarkshire during her childhood before relocating to Austria.

Along with her younger sister, Dorothea, she collaboratively wrote at least four published novels, while individually writing essays and reviews for several periodicals.

After her marriage to Polish cavalry officer Ritter Miecislaus von Laszowski in 1869, she continued to carve out a career as an essayist and novelist.

But it was when her husband was posted to Transylvania, in the early 1880s, that Emily's writing turned towards the myths and superstitions she encountered in and around the Carpathian mountain villages.

Dacre explained: "She is a bit of a mystery.

"I want to find out what gave her the courage and passion to explore, on her own, the superstitions and beliefs of the locals.

"These were delicate issues - pagan beliefs - that must have been difficult for her to investigate.

"I want to find out the roots of Emily Gerard here in Scotland that gave her the passion and courage to do what she did."

Over the coming months Dacre and other researchers hope to discover more about Emily Gerard while also raising her profile.

Gloria Anderson, who runs Experience Transylvania tours, said: "It is amazing how I recognize so much about Transylvania in Emily Gerard's writings, although it was almost 150 years ago when she wrote it all.

"Her language and approach are very modern - it almost feels like you are reading a modern travel blog from nowadays - and she had a great humour.

"It is interesting that so little is known about Emily, both in Scotland, and in Transylvania."

Emily Gerard died in Vienna, at the age of 55.

People in Ullapool are facing a 100-mile round trip for dental care after the village's only dentist retired.

NHS Highland has been unable to recruit a replacement and has suggested patients register with private practices in Gairloch or Inverness.

Those unable to afford private dental care have been unable to find NHS dentists taking on new patients.

Earlier this week the British Dental Association (BDA) warned of a crisis facing dentistry in Scotland.

NHS Highland blamed a national shortage of dentists for the situation in Ullapool.

Sue Pomeroy, from Little Loch Broom, is among local people "desperately" trying to find an NHS dentist.

Sue Pomeroy says her children need to be able to access NHS dentists

"I've phoned everywhere, practices as far as Easter Ross, but no-one is taking on NHS patients.

"One dentist told me I could be added to their waiting list but it's a year-and-a-half long. My friend has contacted 20 different dentists.

"I've got children who need regular check-ups, and I need follow-up treatment after dental surgery."

Her former dentist served the town, which has a population of 1,500, and its outlying areas.

Some have signed up for private care but Ms Pomeroy said this may not be affordable for people with families, or accessible for older people.

Inverness and Gairloch are both more than an hour's drive away from Ullapool.

Jonathan Miller, 66 has lived just outside Ullapool for the last 30 years. He told BBC Scotland that the cost of private dental care as well as fuel costs could put him off attending the dentist.

He said: "It's a round trip of around 110 miles, which is a couple of hours there and back, you can't just nip out to the dentist.

"If it's going to cost me upwards of £78 to go to Inverness just for a check-up, I'm not going to bother."

He has concerns that the lack of preventative care may lead to bigger dental issues in the future, which will end up costing him even more money.

Mr Miller said he felt people were being "forced to go private", adding: "It starts with teeth, but where does it end?"

He said it was the latest in a line of cuts that was making it "increasingly difficult and expensive to live in rural areas."

Jonathan Miller is concerned about the costs of private dental care

A spokesperson for NHS Highland said patients affected by the Ullapool surgery's closure had been given the option to access private dental care.

Children have been offered access to NHS dentistry.

Earlier this week the professional body for dentists warned that NHS dental staffing problems could get worse.

Speaking to the BBC Radio's Good Morning Scotland, BDA Scotland director Charlotte Waite warned that 80% of dentists planned to reduce their NHS commitment this year, with 30% saying they would leave the profession or seek early retirement.

She said dentists were struggling with patient backlogs and soaring running costs, meaning the fees they were paid to offer NHS services were no longer covering the cost of carrying out the services. This means many dentists are operating at a loss.

The BDA has asked the Scottish government to bring payment reform forward.

Ms Waite said: "If they don't sort out and reform the funding of this system there is a real risk that they will lose even more dentists from the NHS service."

A Scottish government spokesperson said NHS Highland had now received expressions of interest for opening new dental practices, and the government would work with the health board to provide funding support if the applications were successful.

The government is also continuing to work "apace" on payment reform.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The Ireland women's rugby team has chosen to swap their traditional white shorts and make a permanent switch to navy because of period concerns.

The move comes as a response to feedback from players about playing in white rugby kit during their period.

The new Ireland kit will be seen for the first time at the Women's Six Nations launch in London on Wednesday and throughout the tournament.

Ireland will begin their campaign against Wales on Saturday 25 March.

Speaking to BBC Radio Ulster in January, Gillian McDarby, the head of Women's Performance at IRFU, said the organisation were in talks about the change with kit supplier Canterbury of New Zeland after consulting the players.

They say they will give other rugby players and teams at all levels who have purchased white women's Canterbury shorts the opportunity to claim a free pair in a different colour.

Ireland International Enya Breen, said: "The top way to ensure we perform to our best on the field is by removing any unnecessary distractions. Wearing navy shorts instead of white is such a small thing, but for us it's a big step.

"Our hope is that it will help women at all levels of rugby feel more comfortable on the field so they can get on with performing at their best in the game that they love."

More than 12% of physiotherapy positions are currently vacant in Northern Ireland

Training places at Ulster University for degree courses in physiotherapy and other health specialities are to be cut, BBC News NI understands.

The Chartered Society of Physiotherapy in NI said it was expecting training places to be reduced after a budget briefing from the Department of Health.

The society expressed extreme concern, saying more than 12% of physiotherapy positions are currently vacant.

The Department of Health said the move is part of its attempts to save money.

In a statement, the department said it was making decisions on spending reductions with "great regret".

It added that it is in the impossible position of "having to fulfil conflicting responsibilities".

The department said it was "living within the budget, acting in the public interest and safeguarding services".

Civil servants have been tasked with running Stormont departments and managing public services in the absence of a devolved government, but they must stick to the budget published last month by Secretary of State Chris Heaton-Harris.

The Department of Health received the biggest allocation, but its budget of £7.25bn was similar to the amount it got last year.

That has been viewed as a difficult settlement because of the high rate of inflation and outstanding pay disputes involving nurses and other health workers.

The Chartered Society of Physiotherapy in Northern Ireland said: "The current political hiatus has created an intolerable situation for public services here and will add to the significant pressures already facing the health and social care system."

It added that although it did not yet have exact figures, it was "extremely concerned" by the anticipated cuts to number of physiotherapy undergraduate training places at Ulster University (UU).

The number of nursing training places is to be cut from September

"The health and social care service in Northern Ireland already has record numbers of workforce vacancies," the society said.

"Last year saw approximately 900 applications for roughly 100 training places for the physiotherapy course in [UU] Magee."

On Monday, the BBC revealed that the number of nursing training places is to be cut in September from 1,325 to 1,025.

The Royal College of Nursing's Northern Ireland director, Rita Devlin, described the move as an "act of destruction".

The department said it recognised the importance of staffing and was committed to 1,025 new nursing places.

This was the level in place before the New Decade, New Approach deal, which included provision for an extra 300 nurse training places each year to address staff shortages and concerns over safety.

But Ms Devlin said the news of cuts had left members "bewildered" with almost 3,000 vacant nursing posts in Northern Ireland.

"It is unimaginable that the Department of Health has been put in the position of having to cut the number of student nursing places for 2023-2024 because of the political and financial crisis in Northern Ireland," she explained.

By September 2025, working parents of children from the age of nine months will be eligible for 30 hours of government-funded childcare during term time

The government's plan to expand funded childcare for working parents "will not work" unless the amount paid to providers is right, MPs have warned.

Underfunding had left the sector "straining to provide" enough places for children, the Education Committee report found.

Early-years charities have welcomed the inquiry's focus on the challenges facing the sector.

The government says it is increasing the amount it pays childcare providers.

Working parents of three- and four-year-olds are eligible for 30 hours of government-funded childcare during term time - but by September 2025, this will be extended to cover children aged nine months and above.

Robin Walker, who chairs the committee, said the childcare market faced significant challenges in "affordability and availability" and "simply extending the number of hours that the government calls 'free' will not work unless the funding rates accurately reflect the costs of providing high-quality early education and childcare".

The report warns it is vital the government "gets this right, or the already struggling childcare market will see even more closures" and the sector needs "radically more financial and regulatory reform".

The MPs also want better evidence of the effects of formal childcare on under-twos and say there should be more support for parents who choose to stay at home to look after their children.

Nursery owner Nicola Fluery says parents are booking nursery places "well in advance"

Many settings currently charged children not on funded hours more, to compensate for the hours government paid for, the inquiry heard.

Nicola Fluery, who owns the Kidzrus Nursery Group, in Salford, Greater Manchester, said funding had been an issue "for many years" and she had had to supplement the amount the government paid for those children eligible for funded hours, in other ways, "for example, bank loans".

In April, the government's planned rollout of the extension of funded childcare for working parents will begin, starting with 15 hours for two-year-olds. And Kidzrus nurseries are already receiving calls from parents keen not to miss out.

Demand "will far outweigh the number of places available", Ms Fleury fears.

National Day Nurseries Association chief executive Purnima Tanuku agrees "the policy could fail" if it fails to tackle underfunding.

From September, the average hourly rate the government will pay will rise from:

It is also consulting on proposals to increase the rates for next year.

But also from September, the number of two-year-olds a staff member is expected to look after will rise, which the report said was deeply concerning and should be closely monitored and "reversed if quality and education outcomes suffer".

The wide-ranging report had a number of recommendations, with the committee calling for:

Parents in training or education should also be able to access government-funded hours, the report recommends.

The Department for Education said it was rolling out "the single biggest investment in childcare in England ever, set to save a working parent using 30 hours of childcare up to an average of £6,500 per year and give children the best quality early-years education".

"To make sure that we are supporting our fantastic early-years workforce, we will be investing hundreds of millions of pounds each year to increase the amounts we pay childcare providers," an official said.

"We also are consulting on how we distribute funding to make sure it is fair."

Are you affected by issues covered in this story? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

European flights during the summer holiday period could be affected by strike action by air traffic managers.

Eurocontrol, which manages flights over Europe, has said one of its unions could take industrial action, although no dates have been announced yet.

Negotiations are continuing with the union and other unions, Eurocontrol said.

Industry group Airlines UK urged Eurocontrol "to reach agreement as soon as possible".

Another industry body, Airlines for Europe, said the possible impact of any strike action "remains to be determined".

Eurocontrol said it was "making every effort to keep negotiations open and to find a constructive way forward".

One of its trade unions, Union Syndicale Bruxelles, has "announced a period of six months during which industrial action could take place".

It said the action could affect its Network Manager Operations Centre, which handles more than 10 million flights a year.

Prior to the pandemic, it had daily peaks managing more than 37,000 flights, and Eurocontrol said the centre played a pivotal role in managing, streamlining and improving air traffic.

Eurocontrol stressed that it was in "ongoing dialogue" with the union.

"As no notice of specific industrial action has been received, it is premature to speculate on any potential impact," it said.

Airlines for Europe said any strike action would not affect Eurocontrol's air traffic control services and "therefore its impact on passengers could be limited".

The BBC has approached Union Syndicale Bruxelles for comment.

Aviation in Europe is facing a particular set of challenges this summer.

Demand for flights is returning to pre-Covid pandemic levels, and European airspace is being constricted by Russia's war in Ukraine.

But there is a shortage of air traffic controllers, and some strikes are already planned - for example, there is an air traffic strike in Italy on Saturday 15 July.

Airlines UK said its members were "looking forward to a busy summer, meeting growing demand for travel and carrying millions of people on holidays".

It said airlines have "made huge efforts since the pandemic to build resilience into operations".

An agreement between Eurocontrol and union members would "avoid any potential disruption for airlines and their customers", it said.

It added that air traffic controllers were already having to work within "a more constrained European airspace" due to Russia's Ukraine war.

Travel expert Simon Calder said the union involved did not have a reputation for militancy, and that instead this was a "cry for help" over staffing levels.

During the height of the Covid pandemic in 2020, many older air traffic controllers retired, and have yet to be replaced, he said.

He said he expected this potential dispute to be resolved before it reached the stage of a strike.

But a more pressing concern was a lack of air traffic controllers in general, with impacts already being felt through "a series of cancellations every day in the UK".

This comes as demand for air travel rebounds after the pandemic, he added, with Friday being the busiest day for air travel since 2019.

Last summer, holidaymakers were affected by sustained disruption to flights due to staff shortages, and across 2022 as a whole more than a third of UK flights were delayed.

Having axed thousands of jobs during the worst of the Covid pandemic, many aviation businesses including airports could not get new staff in place quickly enough.

But at Easter this year, airports and airlines told the BBC they were confident they had enough staff to avoid any travel chaos.

This summer, having raised staffing levels, disruption instead could come from industrial action.

Travel to France from the UK has already been affected this year by some strikes.

Fourth LV= Insurance Ashes Test, Emirates Old Trafford (day four of five):

England dodged the rain to take the vital wicket of Marnus Labuschagne but their Ashes hopes remain in the balance going into the final day of the fourth Test against Australia.

On a fourth day that could have been entirely lost to rain, a period of dry weather allowed 30 overs of play from 14:45 BST at Old Trafford.

England were frustrated for a long period by Labuschagne, who made only his second overseas Test hundred and shared a stubborn partnership of 103 with Mitchell Marsh.

As the light faded, England were ordered to bowl spin and Joe Root's off-breaks provided an unlikely source of inspiration.

He had Labuschagne caught behind by juggling wicketkeeper Jonny Bairstow for 111 and almost had Marsh held at short leg.

Rain arrived at the scheduled tea break of 17:00, preventing any further action and leaving Australia on 214-5, still 61 short of making England bat again. Marsh has 31 and Cameron Green three.

With more bad weather forecast for Sunday, England are left hoping for enough time to force the win that would level the series at 2-2 and turn the fifth Test at The Oval into a decider.

Though victory is now almost out of the question for Australia, a draw would be enough for them to retain the urn.
• None How day four at Old Trafford unfolded
• None England will win 3-2 if they win fourth Test - Vaughan

This series has produced three thrilling Tests, with the drama in the fourth now coming through England's battle with the weather. It would be a huge anti-climax if the rain has a decisive say in the destination of the Ashes urn.

England were fortunate to get any play on Saturday. Overnight rain persisted into the morning and early afternoon, but the ground was readied at a remarkable speed. The empty stands filled rapidly as news of a start filtered through.

Though the overheads were ideal and the crowd expectant, England were blocked by an unresponsive surface - there was no sign of the uneven bounce from earlier in the match - and the determination of Labuschagne and Marsh.

The reverse swing of Friday evening also disappeared as the ball became wet. When England persuaded the umpires to change it and looked to bring Mark Wood into the attack, they were told the light was not fit enough for pace. It turned out to be a blessing in disguise, as Root proved to be the most threatening bowler.

England will return on Sunday wishing for the weather to be kind. There is the possibility of 98 overs of play and second new ball available nine overs into the day.

For Australia, they will not only be looking to repel England, but also build a lead to make the hosts' route to victory longer. Their inclusion of both Marsh and Green in this Test, extending the batting line-up, was done partly with this scenario in mind.

Labuschagne delivers when Australia need it most

This has been a difficult series for Labuschagne. Beginning ranked as the world's number one Test batter, he had not managed a half-century before this match.

He hinted at a return to form with 51 in the first innings and then delivered what could yet prove to be an Ashes-saving hundred.

With Australia 113-4 overnight, Labuschagne began on 44 and Marsh one. Though Labuschagne took a painful blow on the finger from a Wood bouncer, he was largely untroubled by England's short-ball plan.

Marsh, usually so aggressive, was a calm foil. He has struck only four fours in a 107-ball stay and two of those came in successive deliveries from Chris Woakes, who spent time off the field suffering from stiffness.

When Root came on, Labuschagne lofted two sixes over long-on, but also flashed an edge off an arm-ball past slip Zak Crawley when he was on 93.

He went to his 11th Test ton by pinching a single off Moeen Ali before making an error attempting to cut Root and was given out on review.

Given the stakes and urgency of the situation, this was a curiously flat performance from England's seamers.

They got little movement from the ball or the pitch and chewed up precious time as they deliberated over field placings and tactics.

A bouncer plan achieved little other than knocking the ball out of shape, after which came the stroke of luck with Wood being denied the chance to bowl, resulting in the call to Moeen and Root.

While Moeen mixed some dangerous bounce with regular loose deliveries, Root constantly made things happen.

He was convinced on-field umpire Nitin Menon had made a mistake for the Labuschagne wicket, celebrating towards the Party Stand even before the review was complete. In the same over, an inside edge off Marsh went in and out of the fingers of bat-pad fielder Harry Brook.

Green survived a review off Moeen from the final ball before the tea break. England would have been happy to bowl more spin after the interval, only to be denied the opportunity.

Australia batter Marnus Labuschagne, speaking to BBC Sport: "It's always very special getting a Test hundred. It doesn't happen too often but I'm disappointed I couldn't get us to tea.

"We were so close to having a tremendous day there. For us, this is about saving this Test match and retaining the Ashes."

England batting coach Marcus Trescothick: "We got more play than we expected. It looked like a complete washout so it's a bonus. We're one wicket closer but it's still frustrating.

"It really does depend on the weather. We wanted to get two or three wickets today and we'll take any play we can tomorrow."

BBC cricket correspondent Jonathan Agnew: "England were a bit flat. There wasn't much of their usual chatter and the noise from the players you get when you are going for a win."

Ch Supt Richard North said they are "using all resources available to us" to investigate the attack

Counter-terror police are involved in an investigation into a man being set alight as he walked home from a mosque.

A man has been held on suspicion of attempted murder after the attack in Edgbaston, Birmingham, on Monday.

The West Midlands and Metropolitan forces are looking into whether there is a link to a similar attack in Ealing, west London last month.

The Birmingham victim, in his 70s, was approached, sprayed with a substance and had his jacket set on fire.

Neighbours told the BBC they helped to put the flames out and carry the victim to his home where he was treated by paramedics.

His son said his father was "very badly burned" and they were praying for his recovery.

He was taken to hospital with burns to his face which are serious but not thought to be life-threatening. Police said he remained in a stable condition.

Tayyab Riaz, the victim's nephew, said everyone was "very upset" at the "shocking news".

"For 35 years he's been going to that mosque to pray and there's never been a problem," he said.

"Suddenly this happens. His hair, beard and eyebrows are badly burnt. We're praying he's OK."

A video of an attack shared on social media which shows a man being set alight is under investigation by police.

Downing Street described the incident as a "concerning case".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Residents filmed the moment police arrived in the street

The suspect was arrested in Dudley Road, the street where the Birmingham mosque is, on Tuesday after being identified by officers carrying out inquiries. The attack happened just after 19:00 GMT in nearby Shenstone Road.

Members of the mosque told Channel 4 news they had spotted a man in the congregation on Monday who stood out because "he wasn't praying and was sitting in the wrong direction".

Sahir Aziz Adam said he approached him and said the traditional Arabic greeting to him - "as-salamu alaykum", which means peace be upon you, but the man didn't respond, which set alarm bells ringing.

He left the building and Mr Adam said he called the police.

In Ealing, an 82-year-old man was set on fire as he left the West London Islamic Centre on Singapore Road, at about 20:00 on 27 February.

Ch Supt Richard North, commander at Birmingham police, said: "We are aware of the incident that happened in London.

"We are actively working with the Metropolitan Police to see if those two incidents are connected. That's a major part of our inquiry.

"I have had meetings today with colleagues from the Metropolitan Police and they are engaged in the inquiry. We are working very much closely together."

He said officers had been "working through the night to establish what happened and who is responsible".

"We are taking this matter extremely seriously and are using all resources available to us," he said.

"We are keeping an open mind to the motive of the attacker and we won't speculate further at this stage."

He added: "Our investigation continues with support from Counter Terrorism Policing West Midlands who have access to specialist capabilities to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident."

Monsur Alam said the attack was "very scary"

Officers are aware of a video posted on social media "showing a man being set alight, and we're examining it as part of our investigations", the force said.

Father of four Monsur Alam, aged 60, has lived in the road where the attack happened for the past five years.

"I heard screaming and my daughter was screaming as well," he said. "My wife ran outside with a bucket of water and a man poured over him (the victim)."

"It was very scary," he added.

Mohammed Abbasim, from Dudley Road Mosque, said: "It's shocking to see that someone that you know has been targeted in this way."

"When things like this happen, it's an opportunity for the local people to come together rather than divide further," he said.

Scorch marks are on the pavement in Edgbaston where the attack happened

Residents said a lot of doorbell footage in the area had been handed in to police.

Extra officers will be in the area to speak to the community and provide reassurance.

In a joint statement, the city council's leader Ian Ward, cabinet member for community safety John Cotton and ward councillors Sharon Thompson and Marcus Bernasconi called it a "horrific attack".

They also said they would be talking with community groups and local mosques "to offer support to the wider community".

"We would urge the community to work with the police and to avoid any speculation at this stage," they added.

Follow BBC West Midlands on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: newsonline.westmidlands@bbc.co.uk
• None Image issued after man set on fire outside mosque

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Charlotte Mills-Murray said there had been "a lot of tears" after repeated setbacks in returning home

A woman who may only have months to live has told the BBC she is "angry and frustrated" at being in hospital five months after being cleared to go home.

Charlotte Mills-Murray, 34, said attempts to organise care at her family home had been repeatedly delayed.

Her NHS care teams said getting complex patients home "can take much longer".

The BBC has found a 16% rise over the past year in the number of patients in England who are in hospital despite being well enough to leave.

In January, Prime Minister Rishi Sunak called delayed discharge "the number one problem" facing the NHS.

Charlotte told the BBC there had been "a lot of tears" following numerous setbacks and broken promises over her return home.

"When the hospital says, 'are you ready to go home?' You get excited. And then everything just changes again."

Charlotte lives with intestinal failure caused by a severe form of Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, which weakens her body's connective tissue.

She was admitted to St James's Hospital in Leeds in June 2022 following an infection, and a new Hickman line - a tube that allows feeding and the administering of pain relief - was inserted.

By November, Charlotte was told she was well enough to be cared for at home, but she remains in hospital following delays in the hiring and training of staff able to support her.

With limited access to a hoist which would enable her to use her wheelchair, Charlotte said she had spent 10 months "stuck in bed".

Charlotte celebrated her birthday in her hospital bed

Because of the complexity of her condition, Charlotte only has months to live. She believes her situation merits greater urgency because of the increased risk of infection in hospital.

Each time one of the Hickman lines becomes infected, the choice available for adding a new line reduces.

Charlotte's family worry that with the limited options remaining, in addition to the ongoing pain she lives with, Charlotte may soon have to decide to move to an end-of-life pathway. This would imply she only has weeks left to live.

Charlotte qualifies for 24-hour home care support through the NHS Continuing Healthcare scheme, but she said decisions over how this would be put in place had been slow and unclear.

She said she was initially told to hire care workers from a company whose staff members were not qualified to meet her complex needs, causing weeks of delays.

Her local NHS Trust later agreed that if she hired personal assistants (PAs) it would train them in specialist pain relief techniques.

But by the time Charlotte and her family found people for the role, the trust said the training could no longer be provided.

It has now been agreed that Charlotte can train her own PAs, but there have been subsequent delays caused by issues obtaining the necessary pain relief equipment.

Charlotte's mother, Denise, says time together as a family has been lost

"We've gone round in circles, and the time-wasting is Charlotte's life. We can't get that back.

"She has such little energy, [and it's] being used, not on quality time, but on fighting to get out of hospital."

Leeds Teaching Hospitals Trust and West Yorkshire Integrated Care Board, the NHS bodies responsible for Charlotte's care, said they were "very sorry that Ms Mills-Murray has been unable to go home for such a long time".

They added that "the vast majority of people are discharged quickly", but that some needed to stay in hospital for longer periods of time "because we need to arrange care at home or further support from other services".

It said in cases where specialised care was required "this can take much longer".

Charlotte has worked as a British Sign Language interpreter for many years

Charlotte's circumstances are more complex than most cases signed off for home discharge.

But during the past winter, one in seven hospital beds in England was taken up by someone medically well enough to leave.

The BBC has found that the average number of adult patients well enough to be discharged at the end of the day has risen 16% in a year: from 11,661 over the winter months of 2021-22 to 13,494 in the same period of 2022-23.

Sally Warren, director of policy at the King's Fund think tank, said this was "the most visible" sign of a health and care system under pressure.

"Because of delayed discharges, you're seeing waiting lists, and queues at A&E and with ambulances.

"You're also seeing people not being able to get the operations they want."

Difficulties in finding local care home places was one cause, she said, but there were also issues in arranging support for those who want to return to their own homes.

"There is a huge workforce crisis," she explained, with low pay being a factor. At the same time there is "an ageing population and more people needing social care".

In 2021, the government pledged "at least" £500m for reforms aimed at plugging staff shortages in England, but on Tuesday it announced that figure has now been halved.

The Department of Health and Social Care said it was "fully committed to speeding up the safe discharge of patients who no longer need to be in hospital" and was making £1.6bn available in England over the next two years to support this, on top of £700m of extra funding in 2022 to ease NHS pressures over the winter.

Are you or a family member affected by hospital discharge delays? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

People gathered at bus stations around Khartoum on Monday in a bid to escape the capital

The UK is believed to have among the highest number of foreign citizens in Sudan - up to 4,000 according to Britain's international development minister. For more than a week they've been among the thousands confined to their homes, trapped by intense fighting between the Sudanese army and the Rapid Support Forces (RSF).

Hundreds of foreign nationals have already been evacuated, but the UK has faced growing criticism from many of its citizens who say they have been essentially abandoned.

While the UK Foreign Office said over the weekend that it had managed to evacuate embassy staff from the capital Khartoum, it is feared that hundreds of other citizens remain trapped.

In dozens of conversations with the BBC, those stuck on the ground have complained of poor communication from the Foreign Office's crisis centre.

A small British military reconnaissance team is in Sudan to assess evacuation options, BBC News understands.

And on Monday, Foreign Office minister Andrew Mitchell warned that movement in Khartoum "remains extremely dangerous and no evacuation option comes without grave risk to life".

He said a member of the French special forces was "gravely ill" after being shot while trying to evacuate French diplomats.

But some UK citizens say they have waited too long for help.

One British citizen - William - told the BBC he had received virtually no assistance from government officials since the conflict began more than a week ago.

He was forced to brave the street fighting to flee Khartoum after his situation became "intolerable".

"We've had absolutely nothing but nonsense from the government," he told the Today programme on Monday.

"Not even nonsense, we've had nothing. The last communication was that the government itself is going to do nothing, so we had to take this option."

His story mirrored that of other British citizens - who have watched on in dismay as their international counterparts have been evacuated by other governments.

"We feel abandoned," Edinburgh native Fatima Osman, who was visiting family when the violence began, told the BBC from Khartoum.

"It's very traumatising here and the situation is very bad, it's getting worse. The clashes, the fighting, and there are dead bodies everywhere. And everyone is trying to escape and flee the country, and you can see the country is really getting into a civil war."

Her husband, Amar Osman, said their experience of trying to get advice from the Foreign Office had left him infuriated.

"I filled the location form on the [Foreign Office] website and I received an email saying they've received my form," he told the Today programme as the sound of gunfire echoed nearby.

"But nothing else. It's auto reply after you submit your form and that's it."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

As British nationals have tried - often in vain - to get instructions from the Foreign Office's crisis centre and the embassy in Khartoum, a host of other nations have managed to evacuate their citizens.

On Monday, India's Foreign Minister Dr Subrahmanyam Jaishankar tweeted that more than 500 Indian citizens had reached Port Sudan on the Red Sea, about 850km (528 miles) and 13 hours drive east of Khartoum. Two air force planes and a naval vessel were on standby to evacuate the group.

And long queues of United Nations vehicles and buses were seen leaving Khartoum on Sunday, also heading east towards Port Sudan and carrying "citizens from all over the world", a Sierra Leonean evacuee told AFP news agency.

One of the first nations to evacuate citizens was Saudi Arabia. On Sunday, 91 of the Kingdom's citizens and 66 nationals of 12 other "friendly countries" were flown from Port Sudan to the city of Jeddah across the Red Sea.

Stefano Rebora - president of Italian NGO Music for Peace - was evacuated on an emergency flight by the Italian embassy on Sunday.

"At 12.30am we got the call from the crisis unit [of the Italian foreign ministry]," he told the BBC. "They said they would attempt an airlift the next day and told us to go to a meeting point."

After meeting other Italian nationals at the embassy, Mr Rebora travelled in a convoy to an airfield about 20km (12 miles) away from Khartoum.

"It took us four hours to cover 20km," he recalled. "On the way we saw bodies everywhere - there's no security whatsoever so nobody dares go collect them - but there's utter destruction too."

Elizabeth Boughey, a British teacher at Khartoum American School, was evacuated by the French embassy to Djibouti, alongside 200 other people of various nationalities.

She said the group - which included a number of UK nationals - was taken to an airfield in northern Khartoum and flown out on two specially chartered military planes.

Meanwhile, satellite photos appeared to show a Hercules C-130 transport plane on the ground at Port Sudan airfield on Sunday at 08:04 local time (10:04 BST).

Reports online suggested the plane may have been either a Jordanian or a South Korean aircraft known to have been in the area at the time.

Some UK nationals have turned down alternative offers of evacuation from friends, family and other nations, as they believed they had assurances of evacuations from UK officials.

Dr Javid Abdelmoneim told the BBC that his elderly father has spent the past week trapped in his apartment in Garden City near Khartoum where he was observing the month of Ramadan.

During a conversation with Foreign Office officials, Dr Abdelmoneim's family were told his father would be placed "high on the evacuation list given that he is elderly and lives alone".

But he said Sunday's announcement that the UK embassy in Khartoum had been evacuated took the family by surprise.

"We have been dutifully waiting and said no to cousins leaving [in a convoy] to Port Sudan and Egypt. Our working assumption was Dad was going with the British embassy," Dr Abdelmoneim said.

"My sister called the crisis cell after Sunday's announcement. She asked them directly whether they were planning evacuation for British citizens and they didn't answer the question.

"All they (the FCDO) had to do is tweet out that British citizens are not being evacuated. Their communication has increased his chance of coming to harm and decreased his chance of leaving safely."

Amar Osman told the BBC that as confusion reigned and the fighting continued on Monday, he was considering taking the dangerous route out of Khartoum by road himself.

Thousands of Sudanese have already taken this perilous route out of the capital. Last week, the BBC witnessed hundreds of people boarding buses and flatbed trucks at bus stations across the city.

But that option is fraught with danger.

The RSF is said to have set up roadblocks on major roads around Khartoum.

Ms Boughey told the BBC her group was stopped and robbed of around $500 (£402) by RSF troops while moving around the city last Wednesday.

Nonetheless, the risk hasn't stopped people trying to leave by road.

One British woman - who asked not to be named - told the BBC that she and her relatives had rented a bus and driven to the Egyptian border after not hearing back from the British embassy in Khartoum.

"British citizens have not been given any information, the power to the mobile networks and the internet has now gone down to people won't be able to receive any information," she said.

"Meanwhile Dutch nationals, Greek nationals, Italian nationals, people we know are being flown from airstrips just outside of Khartoum to safety. That is citizens, not even embassy people.

"And because there's been such a breakdown in communication it turns out British citizens would have been able to get on those flights but they were advised to stay in by the British government."

Yousra - a London based accountant who was in Khartoum for her wedding - fled the capital by bus.

She managed to find transportation from the adjoining city of Omdurman to the northern city of Dongola, before waiting 24 hours in the searing heat to cross the Egyptian border.

Speaking to the BBC on Monday, the chair of the UK Parliament's foreign affairs committee, Alicia Kearns MP, accused the government of learning "no lessons" from the chaotic evacuation of Afghanistan in 2021.

"The reality is we have to get British nationals out," she told the Today programme.

"If however, there was to be no evacuation because it is too dangerous... then we have a moral obligation to tell British nationals as soon as possible that that is the judgement that has been made, because they then need to be able to make their own decision."

In a statement to the BBC, a government spokesperson defended the Foreign Office's efforts, and said that officials were "working alongside international partners and doing all we can to ensure the safe passage of our citizens in what remains a very challenging context".

Mr Mitchell told parliament that the situation on the ground remained "extremely grave", but promised to look at every possibility to get British nationals out of Sudan.

But the overwhelming sentiments expressed to the BBC on Monday were anger and frustration.

"We got nothing other than the government update every day which still says shelter in place, which is a joke," Ms Boughey told the BBC.

"In comparison with what we've seen other embassies doing, including some much smaller embassies, I don't know what the Brits did do except get some of their own out."

Kayleen Devlin, Laura Gozzi, Chris Bell, Olga Robinson and Natasha Booty also contributed to reporting for this story.

Are you a British national who has been evacuated from Sudan? Are you still inside the country? If it is safe to do so, share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Covid testing is being scaled back even further in England from April.

It is part of the "living with Covid" approach that relies on vaccines to keep people safe.

Most staff and patients in hospitals and care homes will no longer be given swab tests, even if they have symptoms.

Some will though, such as staff working with severely immunocompromised patients or if there is an outbreak on a ward or in a hospice or prison, for example.

The long-running Office for National Statistics Covid infection survey that estimated how many people in the community had the virus each week - based on nose and throat swabs from volunteers - has already come to an end.

The final one suggested 1.7 million people - about one out of every 35 (2.7%) - had Covid in the week ending 13 March, a14% rise on the previous week.

But the UK Health Security Agency says thanks to the continuing success of the vaccination programme, testing in England can now become more like the approach used for other common respiratory infections such as flu.

Although, it can quickly be scaled up again if another big wave of Covid, or a new variant, starts putting pressure on the NHS.

And scientists will keep checking some of the swabs tests that are given, to see how the virus is mutating and whether there are fresh concerns.

The testing that is ending includes:

UKHSA chief executive Dr Dame Jenny Harries said: "Fewer people now experience severe illness due to Covid - due to vaccinations, infection-related immunity and treatments for those who need them - and the risk of hospitalisation has decreased overall.

"This means we are now able to further bring our testing programmes in line with management of other viral infections whilst still maintaining focus on those at highest risk, to protect them from the virus.

"Covid and other respiratory illnesses haven't gone away - and simple actions like washing your hands and staying at home and avoiding vulnerable people when unwell can make a big difference.

"For those at highest risk of severe illness, the spring booster programme also provides an opportunity to keep immunity topped up."

Health and Social Care Secretary Steve Barclay said: "Testing was crucial to our response during the height of the pandemic - and our successful vaccination programme has protected the most vulnerable, saved thousands of lives and has helped us all to live with Covid.

"Thankfully, we are now able to scale back our testing programme while remaining committed to ensuring those at highest risk and more prone to severe illness get the protection they need."

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The China-registered bulk carrier detained for anchoring illegally in Malaysia's waters

Malaysia has detained a Chinese-registered vessel suspected of looting two British World War Two shipwrecks.

The bulk carrier was seized on Sunday for anchoring illegally at the site in the South China Sea.

Ammunition believed to be from the HMS Prince of Wales and HMS Repulse, which were sunk by Japanese forces more than 80 years ago, was then found on board.

The UK Ministry of Defence had earlier condemned the alleged raid as a "desecration" of maritime war graves.

Old shipwrecks are targeted by scavengers for their rare low-background steel, also known as "pre-war steel". The low radiation in the steel makes it a rare and valuable resource for use in medical and scientific equipment.

The British vessels, on the bed of the ocean some 100km (60 miles) off the east coast of Malaysia, had been targeted for decades.

The Royal Navy battleships were dispatched to Singapore during the war to shore up the defence of Malaya. They were sunk by Japanese torpedoes on 10 December 1941.

The strike - which occurred just three days after the attack on the US fleet in Pearl Harbour - killed some 842 sailors and is considered one of the worst disasters in British naval history.

The HMS Repulse was sunk by Japanese forces in 1941

Fishermen and divers first reported the presence of the foreign vessel to Malaysia authorities last month.

Local maritime police detained the Chinese ship on Sunday. The ship, registered in Fuzhou, had 32 crew on board, the Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency (MMEA) said in a statement.

Cannon shells "suspected to be from World War Two" were uncovered during a search of the vessel. Malaysian agencies are also investigating the provenance of the ammunition.

The MMEA added that it is linked to a cache of unexploded artillery, said to be from the two sunken vessels, that police seized from a private scrap yard in the southern state of Johor earlier this month.

In 2017, during a tour of Malaysia, a local diver showed the then Prince Charles images that documented damage to the HMS Prince of Wales inflicted by scavengers.

The Defence Secretary at the time responded by saying the UK would work with Malaysian and Indonesian governments to investigate claims that up to six British warships had been plundered in their waters.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. "Patients paying the price" for strikes, NHS chief executive Amanda Pritchard says

The head of NHS England has warned that July's planned strikes in the health service could be the worst yet for patients.

Amanda Pritchard said industrial action across the NHS had already caused "significant" disruption - and that patients were paying the price.

This month's consultant strike will bring a "different level of challenge" than previous strikes, she said.

Junior doctors and consultants will strike for a combined seven days.

Ms Pritchard told the BBC's Sunday with Laura Kuenssberg programme that the work of consultants - who are striking for the first time in a decade - cannot be covered "in the same way" as junior doctors.

"The hard truth is that it is patients that are paying the price for the fact that all sides have not yet managed to reach a resolution," she said.

Last month, junior doctors in England voted for five days of strikes in mid-July - their longest strike yet.

They will walk out between Thursday 13 July and Tuesday 18 July after rejecting a government pay offer.

A few days after that strike ends, on 20 and 21 July, hospital consultants in England will strike over pay.

Negotiators for consultants and junior doctors have been asking for a 35% pay increase to make up for what they say are 15 years of below-inflation rises - a figure Health Secretary Steve Barclay called unaffordable.

Instead, junior doctors have been offered a 5% rise this year, which was rejected, while there has been no offer so far for consultants.

Consultants are also calling for reforms to the doctors' pay review body to ensure the issue is "fixed for the future". Mr Barclay told Laura Kuenssberg he is "ready to have discussions" on other issues, such as how consultants' pay progresses over time.

Health Secretary Steve Barclay said he was prepared to negotiate with consultants

"There's things we're open to discussing, but we need to get the balance right," he said.

The health service has been plagued by strike action throughout this year, with doctors, nurses, ambulance workers, porters and others walking out in disputes, mainly over pay.

A breakthrough came in May, when unions representing all NHS staff except doctors and dentists backed a deal to receive a 5% pay rise.

However, junior doctors and hospital consultants have still not reached an agreement with the government.

Health is a devolved issue, meaning this only relates to the NHS in England.

Ms Pritchard acknowledged that it would be several years before the situation in the health sector returned to anything like good enough, and stressed that the service was doing all it could to bring waiting lists down.

NHS England says more than 600,000 appointments have been cancelled in previous strikes. The ongoing failure of the government and some of the medical unions to find agreement is only going to crank the pressure up still further.

Ms Pritchard called for the industrial action to be brought to an end as soon as possible, saying it cannot become "business as usual in the NHS".

She also discussed NHS England's new 15-year workforce plan, which she introduced alongside Prime Minister Rishi Sunak earlier this week.

The NHS currently has one out of every 10 posts unfilled, creating major pressure on staff and leading to long waiting times for patients.

The new plan is focused on training and retaining more staff. Ms Pritchard said the plan is not an "overnight" fix , but that it is part of efforts to "treat people as quickly as possible, without delay".

Also on the show was former Conservative health minister Lord Bethell who described the current approach to treatment in the NHS as "rationing".

"If someone has a need for an operation and you simply don't have the resources to give them what they need then you are going beyond the important protocols of allocating scarce resources in the best way possible and you are being defined by the amount of resources that you have available," he said.

"I think that there is a difference between reasonable allocation of resources and making tough decision which is part of every day life, and having to cope with a system as overwhelmed with illness."

Canon Patrick McAntee has been told not to have contact with anyone under 16

A County Tyrone priest has appeared in court charged with indecent assault against two males.

Canon Patrick McEntee, 69, from Esker Road in Dromore, is a former teacher, governor and college president at St Michael's College in Enniskillen.

He is charged with indecently assaulting one male between 1980 and 1981.

He is further accused of indecently assaulting a second male between 1988 and 1989.

Canon McEntee appeared at Enniskillen Magistrates' Court where he was asked if he understood the charges and he replied: "I do, yes."

A police officer confirmed she could connect him to the charges.

The court was told that the prosecution file is at an early stage.

Canon McEntee was released on his own bail of £500.

The district judge told him that he must have no contact directly or indirectly with the injured parties.

He was also told not to have contact with any young person under the age of 16.

Originally from County Monaghan, Canon McEntee taught religious studies at St Michael's and was college president from 1994 until 2000.

He has been a priest for more than 45 years and since 2001 has served as the parish priest of St Davog's in Dromore.

In March the Diocese of Clogher announced he had been granted a leave of absence while an alleged safeguarding issue was investigated.

A diocesan spokesperson said: "Canon Patrick McEntee is on leave while a safeguarding matter is dealt with and will continue to be on leave from ministry until all due processes have been completed."

The case was adjourned until 21 August.

A Donald Trump fan dresses up as the former president at the rally

In his first public appearance since speculating a week ago that he would soon be arrested, Donald Trump lashed out against the multiple criminal inquiries that have bedevilled him since he left office in January 2021.

At an airfield rally in Waco, Texas, in front of thousands of supporters, the former president called the New York City investigation into hush-money payments to adult film star Stormy Daniels an expletive.

"The district attorney of New York under the auspices and direction of the 'department of injustice' in Washington, DC, is investigating me for something that is not a crime, not a misdemeanour, not an affair," he said, before belittling Ms Daniels' personal appearance.

Every piece of his personal, financial and business life, he said, has been "turned upside down and dissected" - but professed that he was "the most innocent man in the history of our country".

For the past week, Mr Trump has been posting increasingly menacing statements about "death and destruction" if he were to be indicted on his social media website, but he avoided any such dire warnings during his speech. And earlier on a sunny afternoon in Waco, Texas, the gathering felt more like the carnival-atmosphere campaign rallies of Mr Trump's 2016 presidential bid.

Thousands of the former president's supporters wandered through Trump merchandise tents, where they bought t-shirts emblazoned with "God, guns and Trump" and "Trump won". Then they packed onto the asphalt tarmac of the local airport hours before Mr Trump's private jet was scheduled to land.

Thousands of supporters wore the shirts emblazoned with 'God, Guns, Trump'

They waited in the heat as songs by Abba, Frank Sinatra and Bon Jovi blared on the loudspeakers and cheered as a litany of familiar Trump supporters took turns warming-up the crowd.

Rock star Ted Nugent played what was billed as a "fire-breathing" rendition of the US national anthem on his electric guitar, interrupted by an obscenity-laced diatribe that included attacks on the "jack-booted thugs" in the federal government who he said have been wrongfully imprisoning Trump supporters who stormed the US Capitol on 6 January, 2021.

Congressman Matt Gaetz of Florida and Congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene of Georgia also had their moment on the stage, lobbing pointed attacks on New York City District Attorney Alvin Bragg, who will decide in the days ahead whether to indict Mr Trump.

"This attack is an egregious weaponisation of our justice system designed to influence the 2024 presidential race," Greene said. "This is nothing but a witch hunt against President Trump, and he is completely innocent."

Congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene had a moment on stage, using it to attack New York City District Attorney Alvin Bragg

The crowd - which the Trump campaign estimated will reach 15,000 - offered some boos when Mr Bragg's name was mentioned, but few seemed all that concerned by the New York investigation.

"I don't listen to the negative stuff," said Debbie Harvey of Midlothian, Texas, a town near Dallas. "I'm praying that he doesn't get indicted. God still answers prayers."

"There doesn't seem to be much to it," said Brian Novie, who lives in nearby Copperas Cove. "And now they seem to be struggling with whether prosecute at all."

Novie and his friend Richard Tarner, who like Harvey were attending their first Trump rally, bought commemorative t-shirts that read "Trump in Texas: I was there - where were you?" They said that, even with what is likely to be a range of choices in the 2024 Republican primaries, they were sticking with Mr Trump.

"He's proven he can get things done," Tarner said, noting that Florida Governor Ron DeSantis, Mr Trump's most formidable rival, had yet to demonstrate that he could perform on the national stage.

In the run-up to the Waco rally, a number of media outlets and Trump critics had questioned why the former president was holding his first mega-rally of the 2024 campaign in Waco, where 30 years earlier federal and state authorities engaged in an armed standoff with the Branch Davidian religious cult that ended with the death of 86 people.

It was an incident that helped fuel an anti-government movement in the US, as terms like Nugent's "jack-booted thugs" were frequently used to describe federal law officers.

Texas Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick told the crowd that such connections were an expletive and "fake news".

"I picked Waco," he said. "The president called me several weeks ago and said: 'I'm coming to Texas. I want you to pick a great town.'

The former president's plane arrived early evening in the kind of dramatic airfield landing he made a signature of his campaigns in 2016 and 2020. The new "Trump Force One" circled the airfield as the song Danger Zone, made popular by the film Top Gun, blared on the loudspeakers. Meanwhile, a speed-artist painted a scowling portrait of the former president on the stage.

The work turned out to be an accurately foreshadowing of the mood the embattled former president brought to his appearance. While he would eventually tout his record and make promises about a bright future for America if he is elected, it was clear that his legal troubles - and possible impending arrest - were foremost in his mind.

The ruins of the village have been preserved just as they were after the massacre

An 88-year-old German man has been charged with involvement in one of the most infamous World War Two massacres.

The charges relate to Oradour-sur-Glane in central France, where 642 people were murdered by SS troops in 1944.

Many were herded into a local church into which hand grenades were thrown before it was set on fire.

Prosecutors in Dortmund said the man had been charged over the murder of 25 people and with aiding and abetting the murder of several hundred.

The ruins of the village have been preserved just as they were after the massacre, as a permanent memorial.

French leader General Charles de Gaulle said it should be a reminder of the cruelty of the Nazi occupation.

Some 60 soldiers were brought to trial in the 1950s. Twenty of them were convicted but all were later released.

German investigators said last year they had opened a new inquiry into the massacre.

On Wednesday, the regional court in Cologne said: "The prosecutor's office in Dortmund has charged an 88-year-old from Cologne over the murder of 25 people committed by a group, and with aiding and abetting the murder of several hundred people."

The man was named in documents as Werner C, a former member of an SS armoured division who was 19 at the time.

His lawyer, Rainer Pohlen, told the Associated Press news agency his client was at the village but had nothing to do with the massacre.

Dortmund state prosecutor Andreas Brendel said the accused was among six men still facing possible prosecution.

On 10 June 1944, a detachment of SS troops had surrounded the tiny hamlet in the Limousin region.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Oradour-sur-Glane was left untouched following the 1944 massacre

It is believed by some that they were seeking retribution for the kidnap of a German officer but some say that resistance members were based in a different, nearby village.

Most of the victims were women and children.

The men had been locked in a barn. Machine-gunners shot at their legs, then doused them in petrol and set them alight.

The landmark 1970s documentary series, The World at War, both begins and ends with references to Oradour-sur-Glane.

Last September German President Joachim Gauck travelled to the village and joined hands with one of the survivors and with French President Francois Hollande, as a sign of reconciliation.

General Charles de Gaulle said the village should be a reminder of the cruelty of the Nazi occupation

Some 60 soldiers were brought to trial in the 1950s

Francois Hollande (left) with German counterpart Joachim Gauck (right) and survivor Robert Hebras in September 2013

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Recep Tayyip Erdogan's supporters are celebrating after Turkey's long-time president won Sunday's vote, securing another five years in power.

"The entire nation of 85 million won," he told cheering crowds outside his enormous palace on the edge of Ankara.

But his call for unity sounded hollow as he ridiculed his opponent Kemal Kilicdaroglu - and took aim at a jailed Kurdish leader and the LGBT community.

The opposition leader denounced "the most unfair election in recent years".

Mr Kilicdaroglu said the president's political party had mobilised all the means of the state against him and he did not explicitly admit defeat.

International observers said on Monday that, as with the first round on 14 May, media bias and limits to freedom of expression had "created an unlevel playing field, and contributed to an unjustified advantage" for Mr Erdogan.

President Erdogan ended with just over 52% of the vote, based on near-complete unofficial results. Almost half the electorate in this deeply polarised country did not back his authoritarian vision of Turkey.

Ultimately, Mr Kilicdaroglu was no match for the well-drilled Erdogan campaign, even if he took the president to a run-off second round for the first time since the post was made directly elected in 2014.

But he barely dented his rival's first-round lead, falling more than two million votes behind.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The president made the most of his victory, with an initial speech to supporters atop a bus in Turkey's biggest city, Istanbul, followed after dark by a balcony address from his palace to an adoring crowd that he numbered at 320,000 people.

"It is not just us who won, Turkey won," he declared, calling it one of the most important elections in Turkish history.

He taunted his opponent's defeat with the words "Bye, bye, Kemal" - a chant that was also taken up by his supporters in Ankara.

Mr Erdogan poured scorn on the main opposition party's increase in its number of MPs in the parliamentary vote two weeks earlier. The true number had fallen to 129, he said, because the party had handed over dozens of seats to its allies.

He also condemned the opposition alliance's pro-LGBT policies, which he said were in contrast with his own focus on families.

The run-up to the vote had become increasingly rancorous and in one incident late on Sunday, an opposition Good party official was fatally stabbed in front of a party office in the northern coastal town of Ordu.

The motive for Erhan Kurt's killing was not clear, but a leading opposition official blamed youths celebrating the election result.

Although the final results were not confirmed, the Supreme Election Council said there was no doubt who had won.

It is highly unusual for the palace complex to be opened to the public - but so was this result, extending his period in power to a quarter of a century.

Supporters came from all over Ankara to taste the victory. There were Islamic chants, while some laid Turkish flags on the grass to pray.

For a night, Turkey's economic crisis was forgotten. One supporter, Seyhan, said it was all a lie: "Nobody is hungry. We are very happy with his economy policies. He will do even better in the next five years."

But the president admitted that tackling inflation was Turkey's most urgent issue.

The question is whether he is prepared to take the necessary measures to do so. At an annual rate of almost 44%, inflation seeps into everyone's lives.

The cost of food, rent and other everyday goods has soared, exacerbated by Mr Erdogan's refusal to observe orthodox economic policy and raise interest rates.

The Turkish lira has hit record lows against the dollar and the central bank has struggled to meet surging demand for foreign currency.

"If they continue with low interest rates, as Erdogan has signalled, the only other option is stricter capital controls," warns Selva Demiralp, professor of economics at Koc university in Istanbul.

Economics was far from the minds of Erdogan supporters, who spoke of their pride at his powerful position in the world and his hard line on fighting "terrorists", by which they meant Kurdish militants.

President Erdogan has accused his opposite number of siding with terrorists, and criticised him for promising to free a former co-leader of Turkey's second largest opposition party, the pro-Kurdish HDP.

Selahattin Demirtas has been languishing in jail since 2016, despite the European Court of Human Rights ordering his release.

Mr Erdogan said while he was in power, Mr Demirtas would stay behind bars.

He also promised to prioritise rebuilding in areas hit by February's twin earthquakes and bring about the "voluntary" return of a million Syrian refugees.

Crowds flocked to Istanbul's Taksim Square, with many coming from the Middle East and the Gulf.

Supporters gathered outside the palace from all over Ankara to hear Mr Erdogan

Palestinians from Jordan wrapped Turkish flags around their shoulders. A Tunisian visitor, Alaa Nassar, said Mr Erdogan had not just made improvements to his own country, "he is also supporting Arabs and the Muslim world".

For all the celebrations, the idea of unity in this polarised country seems farther away than ever.

Since a failed coup in 2016, Mr Erdogan has abolished the post of prime minister and amassed extensive powers, which his opponent had pledged to roll back.

One voter outside an Ankara polling station on Sunday said he wanted to see an end to the brain drain that began with the post-coup purge. There is a risk that it may now intensify.

Turkey's defeated opposition will now have to regroup ahead of local elections in 2024.

Ekrem Imamoglu won the race for mayor in Istanbul in 2019 and is seen as leading opposition figure

Istanbul Mayor Ekrem Imamoglu, a high-profile favourite among opposition supporters, appealed to them not to despair and said it was time for change.

His video message on social media was immediately seen as a veiled hint that the opposition needed a new leader.

He reminded them on Monday that he had won in Istanbul and another opposition figure had won in Ankara in 2019, only nine months after their previous presidential election defeat.

"We will never expect different results by doing the same things," he said.

The US will support the delivery of advanced fighter jets to Ukraine by allowing Western allies to supply American-made F-16s, and by training Ukrainian pilots to use the jets.

It would certainly be a military boost for Kyiv - but the devil is in the detail.

The crucial questions are: how many, how quickly, and what weapons will the jets come supplied with?

No-one doubts the ability of the F-16, which has more than proved itself in conflicts around the world.

They will be a step up from Ukraine's Soviet era Mig-29s and Su-27s, which fly comparable missions.

The F-16 radar can see further, allowing hostile aircraft to be engaged at longer ranges.

They typically come with missiles that do not require the aircraft to maintain a radar lock to hit their target - a capability that Russia currently has, but Ukraine does not.

F-16s can also launch precision bombs guided by laser, GPS, and advanced targeting systems, and are better at targeting and destroying enemy ground-based radars than Ukraine's current fighter jets.

But it is not yet clear which of these capabilities would be made available to Ukraine if the delivery of the jets goes ahead.

Training and delivery will also be a challenge for Ukraine. The computer systems on board - such as the avionics - operate in a very different way to Soviet aircraft.

In combat, pilots need to instinctively select multiple, correct modes in complex scenarios where they are at risk of being overwhelmed by rapidly developing events - a situation known as task-saturation.

Imagine as a car driver switching from a Renault to a Mercedes, and having to instantly know the position of the headlight switches, the wipers and the fog lights - all on a hugely more complicated level. It takes time and practice.

Ukrainian pilots will receive training on bespoke simulators. But it is also highly likely they would have been practising on commercially available software, which delivers a very close representation of the workflow required to operate an F-16.

Numbers are also key. It is little use sending half a dozen jets which on their own might be vulnerable to the mighty Su-35s operated by Russia.

Combat aircraft are most effective in packages where jets are grouped together for certain roles - all to carry out one specific mission.

For example, if the mission is to neutralise an enemy radar installation, you might want a "four-ship" comprising four jets to carry the missiles or the bombs to destroy that structure.

That role is called a Suppression of Enemy Air Defences (SEAD) strike. But you do not want that critical flight itself to be vulnerable to attack.

So you might have another four aircraft flying ahead in a "SEAD escort" role, armed with air-to-air weapons, to protect the SEAD strike from enemy planes.

The point is all this requires many aircraft, and they need to be supported by other assets.

That would include surveillance planes to warn about enemy fighters in the area, ground maintenance crews to ensure the upkeep of the jets and having, of course, the necessary infrastructure to take off and land safely.

So the US decision to give the OK to other nations to supply F-16s marks the start of a complicated process and much work will be required to get to delivery.
• None Biden to let allies supply F-16s in boost for Kyiv

The last of the Ukrainian refugees are due to leave the MS Victoria next month

Edinburgh's council leader says Home Office plans to commission a cruise ship in Leith to house asylum seekers could turn it into a "floating prison".

Cammy Day said the city council had not been consulted on proposals to move asylum seekers onto the MS Victoria.

The ship has previously housed more than 1,000 Ukrainian refugees, with the last due to leave the ship on 11 July.

The Home Office said it had a "statutory obligation to provide accommodation for asylum seekers".

But a spokesman added: "Individuals are not detained and are free to come and go therefore to describe such accommodation as a prison is wrong."

Meanwhile, Forth Ports said it had no plans to house an asylum seeker vessel at the Port of Leith.

Mr Day said the potential consequences for the city and pressures on services were "severe".

He said the council was "extremely surprised" to be contacted by the Home Office about their intentions to commission the ship to house asylum seekers, adding that it was "all the more surprising given their previous advice that it would be impossible for it to remain".

Mr Day told BBC Scotland the plan was to send 700 single men to the capital, which has already has 4,000 people in temporary accommodation.

He added that the council had shown solidarity and support for thousands of Ukrainian refugees, along with those from Syria, Afghanistan and Sudan, and remained "absolutely committed to supporting them in any way we can".

But he said asylum seekers needed recognition, rights and support, not an "unknown future".

The council has now agreed to write to the UK government about its decision.

"We were not consulted on this and urgently require further details from the UK government on their plans," Mr Day said.

"I know the Scottish government and Cosla are in the same position and, having written jointly to the minister of state for immigration, Robert Jenrick MP, we've yet to receive a satisfactory response to our questions and concerns."

Refugees first started living on the MS Victoria in July 2022

He added: "The potential consequences for the council in terms of the pressures on our services - and the city as a whole - are severe and, barring robust partnership discussions involving NHS, police and other colleagues, we will continue to oppose these plans in the strongest terms."

He said the council believed that Forth Ports was also opposed to the proposals.

"Many of these people have risked their lives to make it to Europe and what they need is recognition and rights, not an unknown future without the support they so desperately need," he added.

"While the MS Victoria has been a place of refuge for many Ukrainian families arriving in Edinburgh, until we have adequate reassurances from the UK government regarding the welfare and ongoing engagement and support, we cannot allow it to become a floating prison for asylum seekers."

Forth Ports said it has had no contact from the UK or Scottish government on the matter.

Chief executive Charles Hammond said: "We would not be able to accommodate this facility at the Port of Leith as we continue to create our bespoke offshore renewables hub.

"We believe that the MS Victoria, which is currently berthed in Leith as a refuge for Ukrainian people, is due to depart in July.

"Forth Ports has no plans to house an asylum seeker vessel at the Port of Leith."

Graham O'Neill, of the Scottish Refugee Council, called on ministers to adopt a "more sensible and humane" policy

Graham O'Neill, of the Scottish Refugee Council, said asylum seekers would face "huge challenges" if they were moved onto the ship.

He told BBC Scotland they would not be allowed to work or access social security and would have to exist on £1.30 a day.

Mr O'Neill said: "We think people will be highly isolated, carrying a lot of trauma and seeing no ability to get out of it.

"It is also important to remember that most people coming to the UK seeking asylum are not only coming from countries like Afghanistan, Sudan and Iran and fleeing very oppressive regimes but they are also stuck in a very long asylum backlog, often for years and years."

He said the figure was currently in the region of 170,000.

Mr O'Neill said: "We anticipate that if people were put onto this ship, like in other ships, barges and ex-hotels across the UK, they are basically being institutionalised."

He also urged UK ministers to implement a "much more sensible and humane" policy.

The Scottish government's migration and refugees minister Emma Roddick said: "We have made clear to the UK government that vessels are not suitable accommodation for people seeking asylum.

"Housing asylum seekers in vessels cannot be compared with their use to temporarily accommodate displaced people from Ukraine because of fundamental differences in terms of their rights and agency."

She said that while people were waiting for a decision on their asylum application there were strict restrictions on the right to work and no access to most mainstream benefits.

She added: "If the UK government chooses to impose the use of the Ms Victoria to accommodate people in Edinburgh it must provide suitable funding for the council and other local devolved services like health and policing, and ensure services are provided so that people can be supported appropriately."

A Home Office spokesperson said: "The Home Office has a statutory obligation to provide accommodation for asylum seekers who would otherwise be destitute while we consider their claim.

"The significant increase in illegal, unnecessary and dangerous Channel crossings has put our asylum system under incredible strain and made it necessary to continue to use hotels to accommodate some asylum seekers.

"We are committed to making every effort to reduce hotel use and continue to engage with local authorities as early as possible whenever sites are used for asylum accommodation."

A manager at Brown's Food Company allegedly assembled female workers to find out who threw a used sanitary towel in the wrong bin

Three people have been arrested after employees at a Kenyan cheese factory were allegedly forced to undress to check who was on their period.

A manager at Brown's Food Company assembled female workers to find out who had thrown a used sanitary towel in an incorrect bin, an official said.

She made the women strip after attempts to get a confession were unsuccessful.

Brown's says it has suspended the accused manager pending an investigation.

Three people were facing indecent assault charges over the incident, police in Limuru told local media.

In a video posted to Facebook, Senator Gloria Orwoba said she had received a "distress call" about what happened on Monday night.

A manager "had found a used sanitary towel in one of the bins, and from what I gather, that dustbin was not meant for the disposal of sanitary towels," she said.

The manager initially gathered the women to ask who was responsible, and when she did not receive an answer, she "needed to find out who was on their period so that she could punish the person that threw the sanitary towel in that bin," added Senator Orwoba, who campaigns against period shaming.

She said that despite her attempts to intervene in the issue, the company was unable to resolve the issue with their employees.

In a statement on its website, Brown's Food Company said it was "saddened" and that the matter "does not reflect the procedures of the company as a whole".

"We are further engaging a women's health expert to help sensitise staff, improve communication, and strengthen our existing policies and procedures," the statement read, adding that they are arranging for an independent investigation to take place.

Police told local media that officers "conducted a thorough investigation and recorded statements from the victims before arresting three suspects."

They also said similar incidents had taken place in other companies in the area.

"We have reliably gathered that the demeaning and shaming vice has been going on for a long time. I want to warn any such employers that justice will soon be served to all their victims," local police chief Philip Mwania said.

Campaigners say that period shaming is a major problem in Kenya.

In February, Senator Orwoba was ordered to leave parliament because of an apparent blood stain on her trousers.

Songmi Park, now 21, is among the most recent North Korean escapees to make it to Seoul

Songmi Park dug her toes into the edge of the riverbank as she prepared to cross.

She knew she was supposed to be afraid. The river was deep, and the current looked strong. If she was caught she would certainly be punished, perhaps even shot. But she felt a pull far stronger than her fear. She was leaving North Korea to find her mother, who had left her behind as a child.

As Songmi waded through the icy water at dusk, she felt as if she was flying.

It was 31 May 2019. "How can I forget the best and worst day of my life?" she says.

Escaping North Korea is a dangerous and difficult feat. In recent years Kim Jong Un has clamped down harder on those trying to flee. Then, at the outset of the pandemic, he sealed the country's borders, making Songmi, then 17, one of the last known people to make it out.

This was the second time Songmi had crossed the Yalu River, which separates North Korea from China, providing escapees with their easiest route out.

The first time she left she was strapped to her mother's back as a child. Those memories are still as piercing as if they were yesterday .

She remembers hiding at a relative's pig farm in China, when the state police came looking for them. She remembers her mother and father pleading not to be sent back. "Send me instead," the relative had cried. The police beat him until his face bled.

Back in North Korea, she remembers her father with his hands cuffed behind his back. And she remembers standing on the train station platform, watching both her parents be transported to one of North Korea's infamous prison camps. She was four years old.

Songmi was sent to live with her father's parents on their farm in Musan, a North Korean town half-an-hour from the Chinese border. Going to school was not an option, they told her. Education is free in Communist North Korea, but families are often expected to bribe teachers, and Songmi's grandparents could not afford to.

Instead she spent her childhood roaming the countryside, hunting for clovers to feed the rabbits on the farm. She was often sick, even during summer. "I didn't eat much and so my immunity was low," she says. "But when I woke up from my sickness my grandmother would always have left me a snack on the windowsill."

Songmi with her mother as a toddler

One evening, five years after the train rolled out of the station bound for the prison camp, her father slipped softly into bed behind her, wrapping her in his arms. She buzzed with excitement. Life could begin again. But three days later, he died. His time in prison had chipped away at his health.

When Songmi's mother, Myung-hui, arrived home the following week to find her husband dead, she was distraught. She made an unthinkable decision. She would try to escape North Korea again. Alone.

On the morning her mother left, Songmi says she could sense something was different. Her mother had dressed strangely, in her grandmother's clothes. "I didn't know what she was planning but I knew that if she left, I wouldn't see her for a long time," she says. As her mother walked out of the house, Songmi curled under her bedsheet and cried.

The next 10 years were to be her toughest.

Within two years her grandfather had died. Now she was alone at the age of 10, caring for her bed-ridden grandmother, with no source of income: "One by one my family were disappearing. It was so scary."

In times of desperation, if you know what to look for, the dense mountains of North Korea can provide meagre sustenance. Every morning Songmi began the two-hour walk up into the mountains, hunting for plants to eat and sell. Certain herbs could be sold as medicine at her local market, but first they needed to be washed, trimmed, and dried by hand, meaning she worked late into the night.

"I couldn't work or plan for tomorrow. Every day I was trying not to starve, to survive the day."

Just 300 miles away, as the crow flies, Myung-hui had arrived in South Korea.

Having journeyed for a year through China and then into neighbouring Laos, then Thailand, she reached a South Korean embassy.

The South Korean government, which has an agreement to resettle North Korean escapees, flew her to Seoul. She settled in the industrial town of Ulsan on the south coast. Desperate to earn money that could pay for her daughter's escape, she cleaned the inside of ships at a ship-building factory every day without rest. Escaping from North Korea is expensive. It requires a middleman who can help to navigate the hurdles, and money to bribe anyone who gets in the way.

At night Myung-hui would sit alone in the dark and think about her daughter, about what she was doing, and what she looked like. Songmi's birthdays were the hardest. She would take a doll from the cupboard and talk to it, pretending it was her daughter, looking for some way to keep their connection alive.

As Songmi's mother recounts their time apart, from the safety of her kitchen table, she starts to cry. Her daughter strokes her arm. "Stop crying, all your pretty make-up is getting ruined," she says.

After paying a broker £17,000 ($20,400), Myung-hui was finally able to arrange her daughter's escape. Suddenly, Songmi's decade of waiting, with dwindling hope, was over.

After crossing the Yalu River into China, she kept herself hidden, stealthily moving between locations at night, afraid of being caught once more. She rode a bus over the mountains and into Laos, where she took shelter in a church, before making it to the South Korean embassy. She slept at the embassy for another three months, before being flown to South Korea. When she arrived, she spent months in a resettlement facility, which is typical for North Korean escapees. The whole journey took one year but, to Songmi, it felt like 10.

Finally reunited, she and her mother sit eating bowls of Myung-hui's homemade noodles in a spicy, cold broth.

The classic North Korean dish is Songmi's favourite. In contrast to her mother's guilt, Songmi radiates an infectious energy. She laughs and jokes as she comforts her mother, concealing any sign of her childhood trauma.

"The day before I was released from the resettlement centre, I was so nervous. I wasn't sure what I would say to my mother," she says. "I wanted to look pretty in front of her, but I'd gained so much weight during my defection and my hair was a mess."

"I was really nervous too," Myung-hui admits.

In fact Myung-hui didn't recognise her daughter, whom she had last seen when she was eight. Now she was meeting an 18-year-old.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. 'Why did you leave me behind?' Songmi asks her mother

"Here she was in front of me, so I just accepted this must be her," Myung-hui says. "There was so much I wanted to say, but the words wouldn't come out. I just hugged her and said, 'Well done, you've gone through so much to get here'".

Songmi says her mind went blank. "We just cried and hugged for 15 minutes. The whole process felt like a dream".

As Songmi and her mother work to build their relationship from scratch, there is one question Songmi has never mustered the courage to ask. It is a question she has asked herself every day since she was eight years old.

Now, as they slurp the remainders of their lunch, she cautiously allows the words to escape.

Nervously, Myung-hui starts to explain. Their first escape had been her idea. How could she then return home from prison to live with her in-laws, reminding them every day that she had survived, when their son had died? She had no money, and could not see a way for her and Songmi to survive alone.

"I wanted to bring you, but the broker said no children," she says. "And, if we got caught again, we would both suffer. So I asked your grandmother to watch you for a year."

"I see," Songmi says, her eyes cast down. "Only one year became 10."

"That morning I left, my feet wouldn't move, but your grandfather hurried me along. He told me to get out. I want you to know, I didn't abandon you. I wanted to provide you with a better life. This seemed like the right choice."

This choice might seem unthinkable to anyone living outside North Korea. But these are the gut-wrenching decisions and risks people must take in order to escape - and it is getting tougher. The government, under the leadership of Kim Jong Un, has increased security along the border and imposed harsher punishments on those who are caught trying to escape.

Before 2020 more than 1,000 North Koreans would make it to South Korea every year. In 2020, the year Songmi arrived, the number had fallen to 229.

When the pandemic broke out early that year, North Korea sealed its borders and banned people from travelling around the country. Soldiers along the border were ordered to shoot and kill anyone they spotted trying to escape. Last year just 67 North Koreans arrived in the South, most of whom had left the North before the pandemic.

Songmi was one of the last to make it out before the borders closed. Her memories are therefore valuable, as they offer a recent and an increasingly rare insight into life inside the world's most secretive state.

She recalls how the summers were getting hotter. By 2017, the crops started to dry out and die, leaving nothing to eat between autumn and spring. But farmers were still expected to hand over the same crop yield to the government each year, which meant being left with less, sometimes nothing, to eat. They began to forage in the mountains for food. Some eventually chose to give up farming.

Those who worked in the mine, the other main source of employment in her hometown of Musan, fared worse, she says. The international sanctions imposed on North Korea in 2017, after it tested nuclear weapons, meant no-one could buy the mine's iron ore. The mine almost ceased to operate, and workers stopped receiving their wages. They would sneak into the mine at night, she says, to steal parts, which they could flog. They didn't know how to find food in the wild, like those working the land did.

Songmi spent much of her life in North Korea in Musan

But by 2019, the biggest fear, other than finding enough food to survive was being caught watching foreign films and TV programmes. These have long been smuggled into the North, and provide citizens with a glimpse of the enticing world that exists beyond their borders. Images of glamourous modern-day South Korea, portrayed in K-dramas, pose the biggest threat to the government.

"Watching a South Korean film would have got you a fine or perhaps sent to a regular prison for two or three years, but by 2019 watching the same movie would get you sent to a political prison camp," Songmi says.

She was found with an Indian film on a USB stick, but managed to convince the security officer that she hadn't known the film was on there, and escaped with a fine. Her friend was not so fortunate. One day, in June 2022, after arriving in South Korea, Songmi received a call from her friend's mother.

"She told me my friend had been caught with a copy of Squid Game, and because she was the one who had been distributing it, she had been executed," Songmi says.

Songmi's account tallies with recent reports from North Korea of people being executed for distributing foreign shows.

"It seems the situation is even scarier than when I was there. People are being shot or sent to camps for having South Korean media, regardless of their age," she says.

Adjusting to life in capitalist, free-wheeling South Korea is often a struggle for North Koreans. It is alienatingly different to anything they have experienced. But Songmi is taking it remarkably in her stride.

She misses her friends, who she could not tell she was leaving. She misses dancing with them, and the games they used to play with rocks in the dirt.

"When you meet friends in South Korea you just go shopping or drink coffee," she says, a little disparagingly.

What has helped Songmi to integrate is her steadfast belief that she is no different to her South Korean peers.

"After travelling for months through China and Laos, I felt as though I was an orphan, being sent off to live in a foreign country," she says. But when she landed at the airport in Seoul the ground staff greeted her with a familiar "an-nyeong-ha-say-yo".

The word for hello, used in both North and South Korea, blew her away: "I realised we are the same people in the same land. I hadn't come to a different country. I had just travelled south."

She sat in the airport and cried for 10 minutes.

Songmi says she has now found her purpose - to advocate for the two Koreas to be reunited. This is the future that South Koreans are told to dream of, but many do not buy into the dream. The more time passes since the country was divided, the fewer people, particularly the young, see the need for it to come back together.

Songmi visits schools to teach students about the North. She asks who among them has thought about reunification, and typically only a few hands go up. But when she asks them to draw a map of Korea, most sketch the outline of the entire peninsula, including the North and South. This gives her hope.

As Songmi settles into her relationship with her mother, there are only small glimpses of strain. The pair frequently laugh and hug, and Songmi dries her mother's tears as they explore the painful details of each other's past.

Her mother's choice was the right one, Songmi says, because they are both now living happily in South Korea.

Myung-hui may not have been able to recognise her daughter initially, but the pair look strikingly alike. Now she can see her 19-year-old self in her daughter.

Their relationship is more like a friendship or one of sisters. Songmi enjoys telling Myung-hui all the details of her dates.

It is only when they argue that it hits her.

"Then I'm like, wow, I really am living with my mother," she says, laughing.

Ataf Nabhan was told he had five minutes to evacuate his house - before a missile blew it apart

Kamal Nabhan was screaming as he thrust the phone into his cousin's hands, unable to believe what the anonymous caller was telling him.

The men had just got ready to go to afternoon prayers in Jabalia refugee camp. But the routine patterns of life were about to give way to violent destruction, wrought from above with a warning call.

Kamal's cousin Ataf reached out to his relative.

"I took the phone from him and talked to the person on the line," says Ataf. "He said he was from Israeli intelligence, and you have five minutes to evacuate the house."

They began to rush back, telling the Israeli caller he must be mistaken because the building "was full" of disabled people. "[The intelligence officer] said: 'No, immediately evacuate the house,'" says Ataf.

It was day five of the fiercest Israeli air strikes on Gaza in nine months. The campaign of so-called targeted assassinations killed at least six leading figures in Islamic Jihad, the Palestinian territory's second most powerful militant organisation.

But the attacks also killed 10 civilians on the first night alone - including wives and children of some of the men targeted as they slept. The group retaliated with waves of rocket attacks on Israeli cities, forcing tens of thousands to take cover in bomb shelters.

Israel said it was acting after repeated rounds of rocket fire by Islamic Jihad, which in turn said it had fired because of police raids against Palestinians at al-Aqsa mosque in occupied east Jerusalem, and the recent death in Israeli jail of hunger striker Khader Adnan.

Last week's fighting killed 33 Palestinians in Gaza and two people in Israel - an Israeli and a Palestinian. It left more than 1,200 Palestinians displaced, according to the UN.

At the Nabhan family's building, Israel delivered on its warning. A single missile blew the block apart.

The blast blew the Nabhan family's home apart

Just before a ceasefire deal was agreed late on Saturday, Israel destroyed several other residential blocks in similar circumstances - giving warnings to evacuate residents before bombing the buildings. These strikes that bring down whole apartment blocks are a well-worn tactic in its attacks on Gaza.

Israel says the buildings it hit were used as "command and control centres" by Islamic Jihad to direct rocket launches. It said its warning calls were meant to prevent harm to uninvolved civilians.

Local sources believe a militant lived in the building but not that it was an operational centre. Human rights groups condemn such attacks destroying entire residential blocks as a violation of international law. Another resident who received a warning call was filmed pleading with Israeli forces to limit any attack "to the apartment of the guilty".

The building in Jabalia has collapsed into its own foundations. An entire staircase that provided the escape route for several families lies horizontally, jutting into a smashed wall section. The remains of the roof are a few metres above the earth, providing the only shade for the former residents. Neighbours managed to get everyone out - nearly 50 people from eight families.

There were five people in the building with disabilities including muscular dystrophy, say support groups. Some had wheelchairs, specially modified beds and medicines destroyed in the air strike, they add.

Jamal al-Rozzi, executive director of the Gaza-based Society for Rehabilitation, who came to help the families, says his group will provide aid including food and medical devices.

"I feel angry and I feel pain because this should not happen, at least not for the civilians, especially not disabled people," he says.

Also sheltering among the rubble is another of Kamal Nabhan's relatives. Rahma Nabhan and her husband Yasser are sitting under a fractured roof slab, passing their baby daughter Jori to each other to soothe her cries.

Rahma Nabhan and her family are now sleeping outside their destroyed home

"My sisters-in-law are disabled - they were not able even to cover their heads [when they were rescued], their wheelchairs were buried under the house," says Rahma.

"Everyone saw the disabled people fleeing. They were asking: 'Why did the house have to be destroyed? Have these disabled people fired rockets?' We have nothing to do with what's going on," she says.

Rahma walks me around the remnants, still clutching Jori as we navigate the rubble.

Her flat was on the top floor. Now there are only cardboard signs the residents have hoisted over the concrete remains, showing the names of each former inhabitant.

"We are not going anywhere, we will stay in the sun, sleep in the sun, we are not leaving the house," says Rahma.

"We call on the international organisations and [Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas] to stand with us and rebuild this house because we have no place to go," she says.

The ceasefire reached on Saturday night, mediated by Egypt, has largely held. But tensions remain extremely high, after months of spiralling violence in the occupied West Bank which has spilt over into Gaza on three major occasions since an all-out war between Israel and Hamas in May 2021.

Last week's attacks have left Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu politically emboldened. They could easily have ignited a far bigger confrontation - in fact they still could despite the truce. But he has used the fighting to burnish his reputation for security in the face of unprecedented domestic unrest and growing pressure from religious-ultranationalist extremists in his coalition.

Despite its losses, Islamic Jihad has used the escalation to promote its appeal as the current face of armed resistance against Israel while Hamas - the dominant militant group in Gaza - stayed on the sidelines in terms of military action.

It publicly backed the rocket fire as part of a "unified" position by Palestinian factions but effectively restrained itself, thereby limiting the round of fighting. It also has to keep services running for Gaza's population under a crippling Israeli-Egyptian blockade. A larger war could swing popular opinion further against it.

Since 2021, the Israeli government has given permits to thousands of workers to cross into Israel, boosting Gaza's economy and bolstering tax revenues for Hamas. However, the group has warned against annual plans for an ultranationalist Israeli flag march through Muslim areas of occupied east Jerusalem on Thursday, keeping tensions boiling.

Both Hamas and Islamic Jihad are listed by Israel and the West as terrorist organisations.

However, many Palestinians here feel abandoned by an international community that still talks about a political future for the region - a two-state solution - which is outright rejected by both Israel's nationalist government and the Palestinian armed groups.

At the Nabhans' house, neighbours and other Gaza-based charities arrive for a gathering in solidarity with the residents. It comes on the same day Palestinians mark the 75th anniversary of the Nakba, when 700,000 people fled or were forced from their homes in the conflicts surrounding Israel's creation.

The homeless residents hold up signs saying "Protect us" and "We call for help".

Ataf Nabhan, who took the warning call from the Israeli intelligence officer, gestures to the rubble and tells me his plea is simple.

"This family needs a shelter," he says. "We just ask the human rights organisations - take care of this family."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. An enforcement notice telling the firm to end operations came into effect on Tuesday

Letting a huge mine keep digging months after planning permission ran out is potentially unlawful and sets a terrible precedent, lawyers have said.

An enforcement notice giving Ffos-y-Fran opencast mine in Merthyr Tydfil 28 days to stop extracting coal came into effect on Tuesday.

Barristers for climate activists argued the Welsh government and Merthyr council could have stepped in sooner.

But the council said it had a "contrary legal view of the situation".

It said it would not comment further due to "potential litigation", while the Welsh government said it wanted to bring "a managed end to the extraction and use of coal".

Mine operator Merthyr (South Wales) Ltd has been asked to comment.

The UK's largest - and now last - opencast coal mine at Ffos-y-Fran has a long and controversial history, and its closure is also turning into a drawn-out saga.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. An animated map showing Ffos-y-Fran opencast site near Merthyr Tydfil and villages at the top of the Rhymney valley

Merthyr (South Wales) Ltd has until the end of July to stop all coal extraction, after its application for more time was refused in April on climate grounds.

It means the mine - the size of about 400 football pitches - will have been able to continue operating for at least 10 months past the expiry of its planning permission in September 2022.

Figures show that between 7 September 2022 and 31 March 2023, 199,307 tonnes of coal were dug up at the site.

In an open letter of legal advice, barristers working with the campaign group Coal Action Network said the situation brought the planning system "into disrepute".

Matthew McFeeley of environmental law firm Richard Buxton Solicitors said: "It certainly sends a signal to other operators who may be considering whether to shut down their coal mine or oil well - do they need to do that?

"They may get away with a significant period of extraction without planning control."

Residents and campaigners have been protesting against the situation for months, sending in photos, video and drone footage of alleged mining.

Chris Austin, 67, who lives near the site, said it had been "incredibly frustrating".

"The local authority could have acted almost immediately but they've dragged their heels on this," he added.

People living near the site complained that their lives were being blighted by coal dust and noise

Dr Neil Harris, senior lecturer in statutory planning at Cardiff University, said the fact an application to extend the mine's life was received just days before planning permission ran out was crucial to the "elongated process" that has followed.

While the council could be seen as being "a little cautious" this was down to wanting to get the decision right in a "really complicated case" and not leaving itself open to legal challenge, he suggested.

Merthyr (South Wales) Ltd, previously said it was in "active discussion" with the council about ensuring "a safe cessation of coaling" and ongoing restoration.

The site employs about 180 staff, and supplies the steelworks in nearby Port Talbot, as well as the UK's heritage steam railways.

A Merthyr council spokeswoman said: "We have a contrary legal view of the situation. It is not appropriate to comment any further in light of potential litigation."

A Welsh government spokeswoman said: "Our position is clear - we want to bring a managed end to the extraction and use of coal.

"We are in a climate and nature emergency and the response must be swift and serious, so we can pass on a Wales we are proud of to future generations."

President Biden told reporters "they can't keep me out"

US President Joe Biden has said he still plans to visit Northern Ireland despite MI5's decision to increase the terrorism threat level to "severe".

The move follows a rise in dissident republican activity, including a recent gun attack on a top police officer.

Mr Biden was asked by reporters on Tuesday if it would affect his upcoming visit to mark the 25th anniversary of the Good Friday Agreement.

"No. They can't keep me out," he said.

President Biden has been a vocal supporter of the peace deal signed on 10 April 1998, which was designed to bring an end to three decades of conflict in Northern Ireland.

Following a meeting with UK Prime Minister Rishi Sunak in March, Mr Biden said he intended to visit both Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland as part of the anniversary celebrations.

Full details of Mr Biden's visit are yet to be confirmed, but the White House has said the increased threat level "does not have any potential implications for future travel".

Former US President Bill Clinton, ex-British Prime Minister Tony Blair and former Taoiseach (Irish PM) Bertie Ahern are among those expected to visit Northern Ireland for commemorative events.

Former PM, Tony Blair, and then taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Bertie Ahern are also due to visit

MI5, rather than the PSNI or the government, is responsible for setting the Northern Ireland terrorism threat level, which it has been publishing since 2010.

The move reverses a downgrade in Northern Ireland's terror threat level last March - its first change for 12 years.

On Wednesday, Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab said the rise in the threat level was "disappointing".

However, Mr Raab said it is worth nothing that the number of dissident republican attacks has been in significant decline since its peak in 2009 and 2010.

He was responding to a question from DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson who asked for assurance the government would provide the PSNI and the security services with the resources they need to counter the threat.

MI5, the UK's Security Service, is believed to review the threat level every six months.

The terrorism threat level remains substantial in the rest of the UK, meaning an attack is a strong possibility.

In a written statement to MPs, Mr Heaton-Harris said: "The public should remain vigilant, but not be alarmed, and continue to report any concerns they have to the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI)."

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak met with Joe Biden in California earlier this month and invited him to Northern Ireland for Good Friday Agreement anniversary events

Deputy Chief Constable Mark Hamilton said dissident republicans were focused on attacking police officers, not the public.

"You should be worried for your police service," he said.

"I wouldn't encourage people to be hugely concerned about their own safety broader than that."

In February Det Ch Insp John Caldwell was shot several times by two gunmen as he was putting footballs into his car boot having been coaching a youth training session in Omagh.

On Tuesday, police said the 48-year-old father-of-one had been moved out of intensive care for the first time but remained in a serious condition.

Det Ch Insp John Caldwell was moved out of intensive care for the first time on Tuesday but remains in a serious condition

The attack on him was admitted by the New IRA, the biggest and most active group dissident group, whose main areas of operations are in Londonderry and County Tyrone.

The group was formed in 2012 and previous security assessments estimated it had about 500 supporters, some 100 of whom are prepared to commit acts of terrorism.

Although tensions within loyalist groups have led to attacks in parts of County Down in the past few days, the change to the threat level is not related to this flare up.

Several loyalist paramilitary groups - the largest being the Ulster Volunteer Force and the Ulster Defence Association - are active in Northern Ireland but are not considered a threat to national security and therefore are not a factor in MI5's assessment.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Phil Dowdell's sister, Alexis, describes the scene after the shooting

The birthday girl at an Alabama party where four people were shot dead was saved by her brother, she has told the BBC. He later died in her arms.

Alexis Dowdell was celebrating her 16th birthday at a dance studio in rural Dadeville when her 18-year-old brother Phil Dowdell came to get her after hearing that someone at the party had a gun.

Her mother, LaTonya Allen, had also heard the rumours. She said that she turned on the lights, went to the DJ booth, and asked whoever had a firearm to leave the party.

But when no-one spoke up, she turned the lights back off.

The gunfire erupted shortly after. "All of a sudden you hear gunshots and you just see everybody running towards the door and people falling and screaming," Alexis told the BBC.

Her brother Phil pushed her to the ground, she said, before the two became separated in the chaos.

She was able to escape the venue and took cover outside before someone came to help her up. Alexis said she hid behind another building in case the attacker was still on the loose.

When she eventually went back inside, she discovered that her brother had been shot.

He had lost a lot of blood. She stayed with him as he drifted in and out of consciousness. He was unable to talk, though he opened his eyes and raised his eyebrows as she cradled him in her arms.

"The last thing I told him was to stay strong," she said.

She added that her birthday would never be the same.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Girl survives being shot three times in Alabama

Thirty-two others were injured in Saturday night's attack at the party in Dadeville, a small, close-knit town of roughly 3,000.

Police have yet to name a suspect or a motive and have urged the public to come forward with information. Alexis and her mother said they did not know what had led to the shooting.

The city's local pastor told the BBC the gunman was still at large.

Jimmy Frank Goodman Sr, the mayor of Dadeville, told the BBC that the scene at the hospital after the shooting was chaotic, even worse than what he had witnessed during his time serving in the Vietnam War.

"There were people crying, bodies going into the emergency room and bloody clothes on the ground," he said.

A vigil was held for the victims on Sunday

The oldest of three siblings, Phil Dowdell was remembered by members of his community as a star athlete and a loyal friend. He had been due to go to Jacksonville State University on a sports scholarship.

Alexis said she had enjoyed watching her brother play football and sharing laughs with him. He always used to open the door for others and come into her room to apologise whenever the two of them had fought, she said.

Ms Allen said her son made her proud "in every way".

"A piece of my heart is ripped out," she said. "He was supposed to graduate next month. Instead of me going to graduation I'll be going to the cemetery to see my son."

Shaunkivia Smith, 17, Marsiah Collins, 19, and Corbin Holston, 23, were also killed.

Relatives and friends of Ms Smith said she had been about to graduate from high school.

Mr Collins was a varsity football player who hoped to become a lawyer. Mr Holston came to the party to check on a family member once he heard trouble was brewing, his family said.

The flags outside Dadeville High School have been lowered to half-mast. A vigil was held on Sunday for all four victims. Hundreds of people, including some who were injured in the shooting, attended.

Casey Davis, a deputy superintendent at the local board of education, said clergy and grief counsellors would be available to the community.

The US has seen more than 160 mass shootings so far this year, according to the Gun Violence Archive, which defines such events as ones in which four or more people are shot.

Facebook's owner, Meta, has been fined €1.2bn (£1bn) for mishandling people's data when transferring it between Europe and the United States.

Issued by Ireland's Data Protection Commission (DPC), it is the largest fine imposed under the EU's General Data Protection Regulation privacy law.

GDPR sets out rules companies must follow to transfer user data outside of the EU.

Meta says it will appeal against the "unjustified and unnecessary" ruling.

At the crux of this decision is the use of standard contractual clauses (SCCs) to move European Union data to the US.

These legal contracts, prepared by the European Commission, contain safeguards to ensure personal data continues to be protected when transferred outside Europe.

But there are concerns these data flows still expose Europeans to the US's weaker privacy laws - and US intelligence could access the data.

This decision does not affect Facebook in the UK. The Information Commissioner's Office told the BBC that the decision "does not apply in the UK" but said it had "noted the decision and will review the details in due course".

Most large companies have complex webs of data transfers - which can include email addresses, phone numbers and financial information - to overseas recipients, many of which depend on SCCs.

And Meta says their broad use makes the fine unfair.

Facebook president Nick Clegg said: "We are therefore disappointed to have been singled out when using the same legal mechanism as thousands of other companies looking to provide services in Europe.

"This decision is flawed, unjustified and sets a dangerous precedent for the countless other companies transferring data between the EU and US."

But privacy groups have welcomed that precedent.

Caitlin Fennessy, of the International Association of Privacy Professionals, said: "The size of this record-breaking fine is matched by the significance of the signal it sends.

"Today's decision signals that companies have a whole lot of risk on the table."

It could make EU companies demand US partners stored data within Europe - or switch to domestic alternatives, she added.

In 2013, former US National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden disclosed American authorities had repeatedly accessed people's information via technology companies such as Facebook and Google.

And Austrian privacy campaigner Max Schrems filed a legal challenge against Facebook for failing to protect his privacy rights, setting off a decade-long battle over the legality of moving EU data to the US.

Europe's highest court, the European Court of Justice (ECJ), has repeatedly said Washington has insufficient checks in place to protect Europeans' information.

And in 2020, the ECJ, ruled an EU-to-US data transfer agreement invalid.

But the ECJ left the door open for companies to use SCCs, saying the transfer of data to any other third country was valid as long as it ensured an "adequate level of data protection".

It is that test Meta has been found to have failed.

Asked about the €1.2bn fine, Mr Schrems said he was "happy to see this decision after 10 years of litigation" but it could have been much higher.

"Unless US surveillance laws get fixed, Meta will have to fundamentally restructure its systems," he added.

Despite the record-breaking size of the fine, experts have said they think Meta's privacy practices will not change.

"A billion-euro parking ticket is of no consequence to a company that earns many more billions by parking illegally," Johnny Ryan, a senior fellow at the Irish Council for Civil Liberties.

The US recently updated its internal legal protections to give the EU greater assurances American intelligence agencies would follow new rules governing such data access.

In 2021, Amazon was fined for similarly flouting the EU's privacy standard.

Ireland's DPC has also fined WhatsApp, another Meta-owned business, for breaching stringent regulations relating to the transparency of data shared with its other subsidiaries.

Edward Gaines was supported by charity Blind Veterans UK in his later years

One of the last surviving D-Day veterans who transported dynamite to Omaha beach has died aged 98.

Edward Gaines, known as Eddie, died at his home in Poole, Dorset, on 21 April.

Mr Gaines, who had four children and 16 grandchildren, had previously told the BBC about his experience of preparing for the Normandy landings in June 1944.

Blind Veterans UK, which supported Mr Gaines in his later years, said he left "a legacy of service to his family, his country and the veteran community".

Mr Gaines left school aged 16 to take up an engineering apprenticeship

He was born in 1925 and left school at the age of 16 to take up an engineering apprenticeship, although a bomb blast destroyed the firm and he went on to join the Royal Navy in 1943.

After initially training on motor gun boats at Portland, Mr Gaines transferred to become a petrol stoker on landing craft.

He and the other four crew of his landing barge vehicle set off from Poole on 4 June 1944 in preparation for the Normandy landings and they transported 35 tonnes of explosives and a bulldozer to land at Omaha beach on D-Day.

They continued to work on the beach, transporting ammunition, equipment and men, for several months and he served in Normandy until Christmas Eve 1944.

Mr Gaines spoke to the BBC about his experiences and being supported by Blind Veterans UK in 2017

After leaving the Navy when the war ended, he worked in a mill in Battersea before helping his parents build their dream bungalow and then becoming self-employed as a bricklayer until his retirement aged 60.

Mr Gaines first received support from Blind Veterans UK in 2016 after losing his sight much later in life due to age-related macular degeneration.

His family said: "Eddie was so passionate about his support for Blind Veterans UK that he flew the charity's flag outside his home for the last years of his life."

The charity also arranged for Mr Gaines to be presented with the Chevalier de l'Ordre National de la Legion D'Honneur in recognition of his part in the liberation of France.

Follow BBC South on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to south.newsonline@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Campaigners Julie Devey and Carole Gould welcomed the new laws but want the government to go further

Murderers with a history of coercive behaviour towards their victims or who use extreme violence could face tougher sentences under new government plans.

As part of the proposals, judges would have to consider these as aggravating factors when jailing killers.

Justice Secretary Dominic Raab said this would mean "longer jail sentences for those who kill women in the home".

Campaigners called for the government to go further by introducing a 25-year sentencing starting point.

Carole Gould and Julie Devey, whose daughters were both murdered by ex-partners, welcomed the changes but told the BBC they would wait to see what weight the aggravating factors were actually given in court.

The proposals come after recommendations made in a review into domestic homicide sentencing by barrister Clare Wade.

Full details of the new laws are yet to be revealed but Mr Raab said tougher sentences would be given by taking into account specific factors involved including "controlling and coercive behaviour or cases involving particular savagery known as 'overkill'".

It is unclear when the changes will come into force. The government is due to set out a full response to the review "in the summer" and legislation "will be introduced as soon as Parliamentary time allows".

Ms Wade, who was the defence barrister for Sally Challen - the first woman to have her murder conviction quashed under coercive control laws - found the current sentencing framework did not reflect that many domestic killings are preceded by years of abuse.

As well as ensuring that judges take coercive control and extreme violence into account, the government will also:

Controlling or coercive behaviour became an offence under the Serious Crime Act 2015 and includes economic, emotional or psychological abuse and threats alongside physical or sexual violence.

More than half of the murder cases looked at in the Wade Review involved controlling or coercive behaviour.

Ms Gould told the BBC she would like to see a 25-year starting point for jail sentences where overkill - cases where massive injuries are inflicted on the victim, more than would be needed to kill them - was a factor, which she said would have doubled her daughter's killer's sentence.

Ellie Gould, from Wiltshire, was stabbed to death by Thomas Griffiths, then 17, in 2019. He was jailed for 12-and-a-half years, with his age a factor in his sentence.

"In Ellie's case she was strangled and then she was stabbed 13 times. So these murders are particularly violent and brutal and I think we need to push to make sure that's recognised in the sentencing," she said.

Poppy Devey Waterhouse and Ellie Gould were murdered by their ex-boyfriends

Ms Devey, whose daughter Poppy Devey Waterhouse was stabbed 49 times in 2018, said the problem would be how much extra time was added on for the new aggravating factors.

"It's our view that these are very dangerous people and they are as dangerous as people who take a weapon to the scene of the crime and are given 25 years," she said.

The government will launch a public consultation to determine if a 25-year minimum sentence should be applied to murder cases with a history of coercive or controlling behaviour.

Patrick Ryan, chief executive of domestic abuse support service Hestia, said he welcomed the recognition of other forms of violence including coercive control.

"Survivors often tell us that they have endured years of abuse before physical violence escalates and it's right that we take this into account when sentencing," he said.

The Sentencing Council has also been asked to review the manslaughter guidelines to explain to judges that there should be longer jail terms in cases where deaths occur during rough sex.

Conservative MP Laura Farris, who had called for ministers to introduce a minimum 12-year sentence for sexually motivated manslaughter, said she was "delighted" by the news.

"The last few years have seen some appalling cases where men have received derisory sentences for brutal killings including strangulation. The announcement recognises the gendered nature of these crimes, and the fact they are often part of wider patterns of domestic abuse," she said.

The announcement comes two days after the High Court ruled Mr Raab unlawfully issued a policy banning prison and probation staff from recommending whether prisoners were suitable for release to the Parole Board, which may have led to people being wrongly freed.

On Wednesday, senior judges upheld a legal challenge brought by two serving prisoners who were awaiting parole hearings over whether they could be released on licence.

A Ministry of Justice spokesperson said the result was "disappointing" and the department was considering its legal options.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. How the Royal children enjoyed the Coronation

The prospect of a two-hour church service, full of ceremony and importance, is a daunting prospect for most, let alone if you've just turned five.

But luckily for Prince Louis, the youngest royal at the Coronation had his sister Princess Charlotte to hold his hand, physically and metaphorically.

Their older brother Prince George had a formal part to play as one of their grandfather King Charles' pages of honour.

But Louis and Charlotte ended up taking a starring role too thanks to their antics during the day.

They arrived with their parents the Prince and Princess of Wales, with Charlotte in a matching Alexander McQueen outfit to her mother, down to a miniature version of Catherine's silver leaf headdress.

Louis, meanwhile, wore a dark blue tunic by Savile Row tailors Dege and Skinner.

Perhaps offering reassurance, or making sure he went the right way, eight-year-old Charlotte held Louis' hand as they processed through the abbey behind their parents.

Once the Coronation proper started, they took their front row seats alongside their parents. The solemn, religious ceremony elicited a yawn or two from the young prince - and he could also at times be seen pointing things out to Charlotte from their seats near the high altar.

His age is no doubt why a break was arranged, with viewers noticing Louis had disappeared from his seat, returning in time to sing God Save the King.

He had not attended the last major royal event, the funeral of his great-grandmother Queen Elizabeth II in September, when he was just four, as he was felt to be too young.

The siblings followed along with the order of service during the Coronation

But that wasn't enough to stop Louis from yawning during the two-hour event

After the King was crowned and the formal part of the day was over, the Wales family met up with Prince George as he completed his duties.

They took their places in the royal procession to Buckingham Palace, in the first carriage behind the Gold State Coach.

Louis pressed his face close to the glass on one side of the bench, sat opposite his parents, as he waved at the waiting crowds.

Louis gave the crowds a smile and a wave as they made their way to Buckingham Palace

Louis made headlines himself at last summer's Jubilee celebrations when he was seen pulling faces on the Buckingham Palace balcony and appearing to scream when the flypast went overhead.

Anyone hoping for similar scenes after the Coronation would not have been disappointed.

He drummed his fingers on the balcony railing at one point, and showed his own version of the royal wave.

The two-handed wave, not dissimilar to the motion of windscreen wipers, was perhaps apt for a rainy day.

The children were seen pointing at the sky during the flypast before returning inside the palace after their long day.

Poultry and captive birds can be kept outside again starting next week as the risk from bird flu eases, the government said on Tuesday.

The Chief Veterinary Officer said the "mandatory housing order" for England and Wales would lift at 00:01 on Tuesday, April 18.

The measures were introduced during the world's biggest ever bird flu outbreak.

The UK has seen more than 330 cases confirmed and 4 million birds culled over the past year.

The decision means that eggs laid by hens with access to outdoor areas can be marketed as "free-range" again.

The UK's Chief Veterinary Officer, Dr Christine Middlemiss, still warned that "scrupulous standards" of biosecurity will need to be maintained as avian flu is expected to still be circulating in the environment for several weeks.

Ms Middlemiss said: "Whilst the lifting of the mandatory housing measures will be welcome news... the unprecedented nature of this outbreak has proved it's more important than ever for bird keepers to remain vigilant."

Figures released to the BBC showed that 208 million birds around the world have died from this latest outbreak and there have been 200 recorded cases of the flu spilling over into mammals.

But the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) has said that the risk to the public is very low.

The British Free Range Egg Producers Association (Bfrepa) chief executive Robert Gooch said: "Free-range egg producers will be relieved to see their hens outside again.

"While on the range, hens like to scratch, dust bathe and forage for additional food, displaying the natural behaviours that consumers associated with free-range and organic egg production."

Birds in Northern Ireland remain under lockdown but in Scotland the housing order was never implemented after the country's chief vet said the evidence did not justify such a move.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

We are now back in court, but Lucy Letby is in the dock, rather than being in the witness box. The jury has just come back in.

The judge, Mr Justice Goss, apologises to them for the delay. He tells them that for reasons with which they should not concern themselves, we are not going to continue with the hearing for the rest of today.

He tells the jury that they will not be needed back at court until it's next scheduled to sit on Wednesday next week.

He reminds them not to research the case themselves, away from the evidence they hear at court.

That is the end of proceedings for today. The trial will continue next Wednesday.

Defence Secretary Ben Wallace has said the country has to start "investing in defence properly" as he defended the UK military's readiness for war.

He said the army had been "hollowed out" over 30 years and the Ukraine war had "exposed our vulnerabilities".

Mr Wallace said he wanted a bigger budget, amid reports he is asking for a £10bn rise.

UK and European officials have raised concerns over the state of the British armed forces.

Malcolm Chalmers, a British defence expert who advises MPs on national security, told the BBC the UK military "would run out of ammunition in days if we faced a war, such as the ones the Ukrainians are facing right now".

When asked his reaction to those concerns, Mr Wallace said the UK government was going to spend £34bn on modernising the army.

The defence secretary said the UK military was "not any less ready than others", but added: "We just need to make sure we get back to spending on our defence properly."

Mr Wallace spoke to the BBC from Brussels, where he is meeting Nato defence ministers for a summit at which Ukraine will top the agenda.

Calls for increased spending on defence have been growing ahead of an expected spring offensive by Russia in Ukraine, and warnings about the threat from China after a suspected spy balloon was shot down over the US.

When asked if he was requesting £10bn more in the upcoming budget, Mr Wallace said the Ministry of Defence - like all other departments - had been affected by rising costs.

But he said he would "make the case to the Treasury that I will need some money to insulate myself".

Despite inflation and military budget cuts in the past, the UK has been one of the biggest supplier of arms to Ukraine in its war against President Vladimir Putin's invading forces.

The UK is set to become the first nation to start training Ukrainian pilots on Nato-standard aircraft, but the government has indicated that lending jets to Kyiv is a long-term prospect.

At the end of this year, the UK will be taking over the leadership of Nato's Response Force (NRF) from Germany.

Mr Wallace rubbished reports about Nato chiefs asking Germany to stay in charge of the organisation's rapid-reaction force.

The defence secretary said: "I mean, to be honest, the simple reality is Nato leadership did not approach anybody. We are taking over the NRF as scheduled and it's interesting that story is based on a source on a German website I've never heard of."

Downing Street has confirmed that Prime Minister Rishi Sunak will travel to Munich this weekend, joining fellow world leaders for a conference on international security.

Last year's conference, held just before Russia invaded Ukraine, was dominated by concerns over the prospect of conflict in the region.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: "I've never hacked a phone, I wouldn't even know how" - Piers Morgan (interview filmed in March)

Piers Morgan says he is not aware of phone hacking taking place while he was editor of the Daily Mirror.

A High Court case against its owners, Mirror Group Newspapers (MGN), brought by Prince Harry and several other high-profile figures, began on Wednesday.

Lawyers argue that executives at the publisher knew about widespread phone hacking, but failed to act.

Speaking before the trial, Mr Morgan said: "I've never hacked a phone. I've never told anybody to hack a phone."

The long-awaited case involves allegations that the publisher of the Mirror illegally gathered information about the Duke of Sussex and a number of other celebrities to generate stories.

In written arguments put before the court, the barrister representing Prince Harry said it was "inconceivable" that Mr Morgan and other editors did not know about MGN journalists instructing private investigators to obtain information.

Mr Morgan has always denied any knowledge of phone hacking or illegal activity at the Daily Mirror when he was editor.

He was editor of the Daily Mirror from 1995 to 2004

He was interviewed by the BBC's Amol Rajan before the trial began. In it, Mr Morgan said he thought phone hacking - the interception of mobile phone voicemail messages - was completely wrong.

He added it "shouldn't have been happening" and said it was "lazy journalists being lazy". He said there was no evidence that he knew anything about it.

Asked in the interview whether it stretched credulity that, as a hands-on editor, he didn't know what was going on, Mr Morgan replied: "I didn't. So I don't care whether it stretches people's credulity, or not."

The former editor pointed out that although there were civil cases happening, none of the journalists who worked with him at the Daily Mirror have been arrested in connection with phone hacking.

Mr Morgan worked at the Daily Mirror for nearly a decade, but he said none of the civil cases had anything to do with him.

"I've not been called to give evidence, I know nothing about it," he told BBC News. Asked if he was worried about Prince Harry's legal action, he said he "couldn't give a monkey's cuss".

"I don't give a damn what actions he wants to take," he said.

Piers Morgan told Amol Rajan he wasn't aware of any phone hacking while he was at the Daily Mirror

In 2015, MGN, which publishes the Daily Mirror, Sunday Mirror and Sunday People, paid out £1.2m in damages to eight phone hacking victims who refused to settle out of court, including Paul Gascoigne and the actor Sadie Frost.

Other cases have been settled out of court so damages to individuals remain unknown.

On Wednesday, MGN apologised to Prince Harry for one instance of unlawful information gathering in relation to a story which appeared in the Sunday People in 2004, but it denied allegations of voicemail interception in all the cases being examined.

Mr Morgan pointed out he only worked for the Daily Mirror and had no responsibility for the Sunday Mirror or Sunday People, or other titles.

A MGN spokesman said: "Where historical wrongdoing has taken place we have made admissions, take full responsibility and apologise unreservedly, but we will vigorously defend against allegations of wrongdoing where our journalists acted lawfully.

"MGN is now part of a very different company. We are committed to acting with integrity and our objective in this trial is to allow both the business and our journalists to move forward from events that took place many years ago."

Mr Morgan presents a show on TalkTV following his controversial exit from ITV's Good Morning Britain. He left in March 2021, after saying he "didn't believe a word" the Duchess of Sussex had said in an interview with Oprah Winfrey.

Media figure Piers Morgan answers questions on everything from phone hacking to Meghan Markle.

Watch now on BBC iPlayer (UK Only) or on BBC Two at 19:00 BST.

The CEO of the submersible company, a British billionaire explorer, a French diver and a father and son were all on board the Titan

All five passengers on board the missing Titan submersible are dead, the US Coast Guard has confirmed.

Officials say they found parts of the vessel amidst debris near the wreckage of the Titanic.

The debris was consistent with the "catastrophic implosion of the vessel", Rear Admiral John Mauger said on Thursday.

The CEO of the submersible company, a British billionaire explorer, a French diver and a father and son were all on board.

Mr Mauger said he could not confirm whether their bodies would be recovered because of the "incredibly unforgiving environment" of the ocean.

Here is what we know about them.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: OceanGate boss Stockton Rush on his passion for the seas - and for taking risks

Stockton Rush was the chief executive of OceanGate, the firm which runs the Titanic voyages, and the company confirmed he was on board.

He was an experienced engineer who had previously designed an experimental aircraft and worked on other small submersible vessels.

Mr Rush founded the company in 2009, offering customers a chance to experience deep sea travel, and made global headlines in 2021 when it began offering trips to the site of the Titanic wreck.

For $250,000 (£195,600), his company offers passengers the opportunity to get an up-close glimpse of what remains of the famous ship.

Participants travel some 370 miles (595km) on a larger ship to the area above the wreck site, then do an eight-hour dive to the Titanic on a truck-sized submersible known as Titan.

Speaking to the New York Times in 2022, he defended the business model, and said the ticket price was a "fraction of the cost of going to space and it's very expensive for us to get these ships and go out there".

A 2017 feature written for the website of Princeton University, where he studied, reported that Mr Rush goes on every OceanGate dive.

Mr Rush was married to Wendy Rush, who is the great-great-granddaughter of Isidor and Ida Straus, who died in the Titanic wreck after letting women and children escape before them.

Mike Reiss, a writer and producer of The Simpsons, went on a Titanic dive in a different OceanGate submersible with Mr Rush. He said the CEO was a "magnetic man", the New York Times reported, adding that he was "the last of the American dreamers".

Hamish Harding has flown to space and visited the South Pole

The British adventurer ran Action Aviation, a Dubai-based private jet dealership, and completed several exploration feats.

He visited the South Pole multiple times - once with former astronaut Buzz Aldrin - and flew into space in 2022 on board Blue Origin's fifth human-crewed flight.

He held three Guinness World Records, including longest time spent at full ocean depth during a dive to the deepest part of the Mariana Trench.

In summer 2022, he told Business Aviation Magazine that he grew up in Hong Kong, qualified as a pilot in the mid-1980s while studying at Cambridge, and set up his aircraft firm after making money in banking software.

He said the Titanic dive had been meant to take place in June 2022 but was delayed because "the submersible was unfortunately damaged on its previous dive". He said no-one was injured in the incident.

Asked about his appetite for exploration, he said: "My view is that these are all calculated risks and are well understood before we start."

Last weekend, he said on Facebook that the mission was "likely to be the first and only in 2023" because of poor weather conditions in Newfoundland, Canada, where the missions set off from.

Later, his stepson Brian Szasz said in a now-deleted post on Facebook that his stepfather "has gone missing on (the) submarine".

Friend David Mearns, a marine scientist and expedition leader, described Mr Harding as a "very charming guy" who was attracted to extreme adventures.

Patrick Woodhead, founder of British tour operator White Desert Antarctica, said Mr Harding was an "incredible" aviation explorer, and that his thoughts and prayers were with Mr Harding's wife, Linda, and his sons.

Terry Virts, a retired Nasa astronaut, said his friend was the "quintessential British explorer" who loved adventure and exploring, but was not an adrenaline junkie.

"Some people watch Netflix, some people play golf, and Hamish goes to the bottom of the ocean, or into space, and he's set world records flying around the planet," he told BBC Radio 4 Today's programme.

Lucy Cosnett, Mr Harding's cousin and goddaughter, called for a full investigation into his death as she described him as a "lovely caring person".

"When I read they had heard banging noises I was feeling hopeful that maybe it was coming from the submersible. But then yesterday was the worst when I heard that he didn't make it, that they all died," she said.

"There should have been more safety checks done. The company OceanGate should have done more… it should be fully investigated, to see what went wrong, why it happened, why they didn't survive."

Ms Cosnett added she was also feeling sad that she would not be able to wish her godfather a happy birthday as he would have turned 59 years old this weekend.

Mr Harding - along with Paul-Henry Nargeolet who was also on board - was a member of the Explorers Club, a little known century-old exploration group whose members have included Sir Edmund Hillary and Amelia Earhart.

Its president, Richard Garriott de Cayeux, said Mr Harding's excitement over the expedition had been palpable during a meeting at last week's Global Exploration Summit.

British businessman Shahzada Dawood was from one of Pakistan's richest families. He was travelling on the sub with his son Suleman, a student.

Mr Dawood lived with his wife, Christine, and other child, Alina, in Surbiton, south-west London. The family were spending a month in Canada prior to the dive.

Shahzada was vice-chairman of Pakistani conglomerate Engro Corporation, which is a large fertiliser firm.

He worked with his family's Dawood Foundation, as well as the SETI Institute, a California-based research organisation which searches for extra-terrestrial life.

Shahzada was also a supporter of two charities founded by King Charles III - the British Asian Trust and the Prince's Trust International.

A Palace spokesperson previously said the King's "thoughts and prayers" were with all those onboard.

Will Straw, the chief executive officer of Prince's Trust International, said he was "deeply saddened by this terrible news".

The British Asian Trust said it was an "unfathomable tragedy".

"We try to find solace in the enduring legacy of humility and humanity that they have left behind and find comfort in the belief that they passed on to the next leg of their spiritual journey hand-in-hand, father and son," a spokesperson for the trust added.

Shahzada's family said he was interested in "exploring different natural habitats", and had previously spoken at both the United Nations and Oxford Union.

He studied in Philadelphia, in the US, and the University of Buckingham in England, where he graduated in 1998.

Suleman was a student at the University of Strathclyde in Glasgow, where he had just completed his first year at the university's Business School.

Following news of his and his father's death, Suleman's aunt told NBC News the 19-year-old had said he felt "terrified" about the trip, but wanted to please his dad.

A family statement described the teenager as a "big fan of science fiction literature and learning new things", and having an interest in Rubik's cubes and playing volleyball.

He recently graduated from ACS International School Cobham in Surrey, according to local media reports.

The university's principal and vice-chancellor, Prof Sir Jim McDonald, wrote to students to inform them that Suleman was in the missing sub.

He said the student wellbeing team was available to support those affected by the news.

The plight of Suleman and his fellow passengers had been raised at First Minister's Questions in the Scottish Parliament.

First Minister Humza Yousaf said: "My thoughts are very much with the families and the communities that are affected."

Paul-Henry Nargeolet was a diver in the French Navy

Also on board was Mr Nargeolet, a former French Navy diver.

Nicknamed Mr Titanic, he reportedly spent more time at the wreck than any other explorer and was part of the first expedition to visit it in 1987, just two years after it was found.

He was director of underwater research at a company that owns the rights to the Titanic wreck.

According to a company profile, Mr Nargeolet supervised the recovery of thousands of Titanic artefacts, including the "big piece", a 20-tonne section of the boat's hull.

Family spokesman Mathieu Johann described Mr Nargeolet as a "super-hero for us in France".

"He is the world specialist on the Titanic, its conception, the shipwreck, he has dived in four corners of the world," he told Reuters.

Éric Derrien, director at Genavir, a subsidiary of the French Research Institute for Exploitation of the Sea, where Mr Nargeolet had worked for more than 10 years, said staff "shared the grief of his family and friends".

"We are deeply saddened by the death of this insatiable explorer of the ocean, who left his mark on Genavir. His dives will remain engraved in the memory of French oceanography," he said.

"We would also like to extend our sincerest condolences to the families of the Titan's other passengers."

Shortly before boarding the sub, Mr Nargeolet said he had been looking forward to an expedition next year to recover objects from the wreck, he added.

Mr Nargeolet's wife, Anne, who is French, lives in Connecticut, while his children live outside of France, according to Reuters.

Sign up for our UK morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

Do you know anyone involved with the Titanic submersible? Have you been or worked on a similar expedition? Share with us by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Despite global fame, Cormac McCarthy was said to be a very private man

Tributes have been paid to US Pulitzer-Prize-winning author Cormac McCarthy, who has died at the age of 89.

McCarthy's novels included The Road and No Country for Old Men, both of which were turned into successful films.

Fellow author Stephen King called him "maybe the greatest American novelist of my time".

Booker-Prize-winner John Banville, a friend of McCarthy's, told BBC Radio 4's Today programme it was a "great loss" and he was a "giant figure".

"He was unique," Banville said. "He stood out - he jutted out from the literary landscape like a monolith."

Blood Meridian, McCarthy's 1985 dark epic set in the American West in the mid-19th Century, was his "masterpiece", Banville said.

"Sometimes, reading Cormac's prose, especially in Blood Meridian, you say to yourself, 'This is just so far over the top that it's unreal'," he said. "And yet it was extraordinarily compelling. I mean, nobody wrote the way he did."

Samuel L Jackson (left) and Tommy Lee Jones (right) starred in 2011's The Sunset Limited, written by McCarthy

Many of his novels were violent tales describing the American frontier and post-apocalyptic worlds. In real life, he was said to be a very private man.

Banville noted his fellow writer did have "a very bleak view of life".

"You did not have many laughs with Cormac," he said. "He didn't see the world as a particularly comic place, which I do. But we got on well. I liked him enormously."

In his tribute, King added: "He was full of years and created a fine body of work - but I still mourn his passing."

McCarthy had died of natural causes, at his home in Santa Fe, New Mexico, on Tuesday, Penguin Random House said.

The publisher's chief executive, Nihar Malaviya, said McCarthy had "changed the course of literature".

"For 60 years he demonstrated an unwavering dedication to his craft and to exploring the infinite possibilities and power of the written word," Mr Malaviya said.

"Millions of readers around the world embraced his characters, his mythic themes and the intimate emotional truths he laid bare on every page in brilliant novels that will remain both timely and timeless for generations to come."

His UK publisher, Picador, described McCarthy as "one of the world's most influential and renowned writers".

The company's boss, Mary Mount, hailed his "extraordinary body of work", saying he was "a writer of great vision and great beauty".

His greatest books included The Road, McCarthy's 10th novel, which was published in 2006 and won the prestigious Pulitzer Prize for fiction the following year. It describes a father and son's arduous journey as they struggle to survive in the US after the apocalypse.

His 2005 novel, No Country for Old Men, a grim story of a drug deal gone wrong in the Texas desert, was adapted for the screen by Joel and Ethan Coen.

Starring Javier Bardem and Tommy Lee Jones, the thriller went on to win four Oscars, including best picture.

There have been a string of attempts to adapt Blood Meridian for the cinema. In April, Deadline reported The Road director John Hillcoat would become the latest to tackle it.

McCarthy's "career spanned nearly six decades and several genres, including fiction and drama", publisher Pan Macmillan said in its tribute

Born in Providence, Rhode Island, in 1933, in an Irish Catholic family, McCarthy was one of six siblings.

He spent most of his childhood in Knoxville, Tennessee, where his father worked as a lawyer. His first novel, The Orchard Keeper, was published in 1965.

McCarthy's last two books - The Passenger and Stella Maris - were published at the end of last year. As well as his novels, he also wrote screenplays and short stories.

During his long career, his media interviews or appearances on the red carpet were a rarity.

In 2007, McCarthy told US talk-show host Oprah Winfrey: "I don't think [interviews] are good for your head.

"If you spend a lot of time thinking about how to write a book, you probably shouldn't be thinking about it, you probably should be doing it."
• None The chaos and carnage in Cormac McCarthy's novels

Last updated on .From the section Horse Racing

Police arrested 118 people over disruption to the Grand National that saw animal rights activists delay the start of the race by getting on to the course at Aintree.

Merseyside Police held nine people who had managed to enter the track.

They later said there had been a total of 118 arrests for both "criminal damage and public nuisance offences".

That includes arrests before the race on Saturday and in relation to a protest that blocked the M57.

The race started 14 minutes late after its scheduled start time of 17:15 BST.

The 175th edition was won by Corach Rambler, ridden by Derek Fox.

One horse, Hill Sixteen, died after falling at the first fence, meaning there have been three horse deaths at the 2023 meeting overall.

"Just after 5pm a large number of protesters attempted to gain entry on to the course," Merseyside Police said.

"The majority were prevented from breaching the boundary fencing but the nine individuals who managed to enter the course were later arrested by officers."

Television pictures appeared to show some protesters making it on to the track and trying to attach themselves to a fence, before being removed by police.

Dozens of others attempted to climb over or glue themselves to security fencing around the track but were led away, with police also confiscating ladders.

Climate and animal rights group Animal Rising, who earlier demonstrated outside Aintree, claimed on social media their supporters entered the track to delay the race.

Traffic was also blocked by protesters on the M57 motorway shortly before activists entered the track at Aintree.

North West Motorway Police said there was "a number of people sat on the M57" at junction two northbound, and traffic was stopped in both directions. The road fully reopened shortly after 20:00.

Merseyside Police Assistant Chief Constable Paul White said: "Today, as you've seen, there's been a significant protest in relation to the running of the Grand National.

"This began earlier this morning. There's been a number of protests outside and then that resulted earlier on today at about 5pm with numerous people trying to incur onto the course, which we, in partnership with the event organisers, and members of the public as well, have managed in the main to stop and and ultimately the event took place - albeit with a slight delay."

Mr White said it required "significant resource" to cover the perimeter of Aintree, with protesters attempting to access the course from a number of points around the track.

He said police had a "proportionate" plan in place and were able to stop "the vast majority" from entering the course, and those who did were removed "swiftly".

Mr White added: "We've had to uplift our resources significantly. Clearly we were very much aware there was a planned protest today.

"We always have a proportionate policing plan in place to manage the event and support event organisers, but because of the additional information and intelligence regarding protests we had to increase resources significantly for today."

After the delay was announced on the racecourse public address system, the 39 participating horses were taken back to the pre-parade ring.

The jockeys were asked to re-mount their rides six minutes after the scheduled start time, with the race starting eight minutes later.

Dickon White, who runs the track as North West regional director for the Jockey Club, said the delay was caused by the "reckless actions of a small number of individuals".

Merseyside Police thanked the public for their "patience" while they dealt with the protests.

The police had previously said they would deal "robustly" with any disruption after animal rights activists threatened to sabotage the race.

Aintree Racecourse warned that the actions of protestors could "endanger the horses they purport to protect, as well as jockeys, officials and themselves".

Speaking before protesters entered the track, Animal Rising spokesperson Nathan McGovern said: "Police are wasting time chasing protesters rather than addressing the climate and ecological emergency, and our broken relationship to animals.

"We remain undeterred, and we will peacefully continue our actions to stop harm coming to animals at Aintree.

"Today marks the first of many actions that will really take place this summer to push this conversation to the top of the agenda."

Animal Rising posted photos on social media appearing to show supporters slow-marching around Aintree on Saturday afternoon.

The total of 118 arrests includes three people who were earlier held in connection with potential co-ordinated disruption activities.

A 25-year-old woman from London and a man were arrested outside Aintree on suspicion of conspiracy to cause public nuisance.

A 33-year-old woman from the London area was arrested in Greater Manchester on suspicion of the same offence.

Animal Rising claimed one of those arrested earlier on Saturday was one of its members, 25-year-old Claudia Penna Rojas.

As well as the death of Hill Sixteen, Dark Raven was put down earlier on Saturday following a fall during the Turners Mersey Novices' Hurdle at Aintree, while Envoye Special suffered a fatal injury in the Foxhunters' Chase on Thursday.

Two other horses in the Grand National - Recite A Prayer and Cape Gentleman - were treated on course and taken away by horse ambulance for further assessment.

There have been five fatalities from 395 runners in the 10 Grand Nationals raced since safety changes were introduced in 2012.

Bookmakers expected more than £150m to be wagered on the National, which takes place over 30 fences and four and a quarter miles.

Belgorod regional chief Vyacheslav Gladkov posted a video saying he had agreed to an offer to meet the fighters

Fighters opposed to the government in Moscow say they have captured some Russian soldiers in Belgorod, near the border with Ukraine.

Belgorod's top official replied to say he had agreed to meet the men's captors if the soldiers were still alive.

But later, the fighters said that the governor "had not found the courage" to meet them and they would hand over their captives to Ukraine.

Russia has blamed Ukraine for recent attacks in its border territories.

The Russian army said on Sunday its artillery had hit a "terrorist" group near the village of Novaya Tavolzhanka, adding that "the enemy scattered and retreated".

Earlier, a group of paramilitaries issued a message on the Telegram app, saying they had captured two men but would hand them over if Belgorod governor Vyacheslav Gladkov agreed to talks.

The video purported to show both captives, although the BBC has been unable to independently verify their identities.

The message was posted by the Liberty of Russia Legion (FRL) and described as a joint statement with the Russian Volunteer Corps (RDK).

Mr Gladkov responded with his own Telegram video, saying he had agreed to the talks if the soldiers were shown to be still alive - adding that he thought they had probably been killed.

Later, the RDK posted a further video - this time appearing to show even more captives, in which they said that Mr Gladkov had failed to turn up for the meeting.

"Neither the military nor the civilian leadership is interested" in the fate of the captured men, the RDK said.

Meanwhile, the FRL described the Russian authorities as "rotten and cowardly". They said they would now hand over the captives to Ukraine - to be subject to an exchange with Ukrainian prisoners of war.

Both groups want to topple President Vladimir Putin, and also oppose the full-scale invasion of Ukraine that he launched in February last year.

Ukrainian officials say the two paramilitary organisations consist of Russian citizens who want to create a "security zone" for Ukrainians.

The RDK came to prominence in March for a cross-border raid in Russia's Bryansk region. Its leader is a Russian nationalist with alleged links to neo-Nazis.

The FRL is considered a different sort of organisation that fights alongside Ukrainian troops against Russian forces.

The Russian Volunteer Corps (RDK) came to prominence in the Bryansk region in March

In his video, Mr Gladkov labelled the fighters in question "scoundrels, murderers, fascists", but promised to "guarantee safety" if the talks took place.

And though they asked him to go to Novaya Tavolzhanka to meet them, he said this was too dangerous and that he would expect them at a checkpoint in the town of Shebekino.

Mr Gladkov has not commented on the events since the video, but posted pictures of a meeting with regional and federal officials.

Kyiv has denied having any direct involvement in such attacks.

But it has painted the growing violence in Russian territory as being the inevitable consequence of Russia's invasion last year.

Companies linked to Roman Abramovich, Said Gutseriev and Oleg Deripaska have yet to comply with the new law

The UK has so far failed to impose fines worth as much as £1bn on foreign companies breaking a landmark transparency law, BBC analysis reveals.

Since January, overseas firms that own UK property can be fined up to £2,500 a day unless they declare their owners.

Thousands are still to do so, including firms which have been linked to oligarchs such as Roman Abramovich, but no fines have yet been issued.

The government said it was "building cases" against unregistered companies.

The register was introduced as part of the Economic Crime Act in February 2022, following Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Ministers said it would reveal who ultimately owned UK property and also stop foreign criminals using UK property to launder money.

​​Although the majority of companies have submitted their details, about 5,000 firms with property in England and Wales have not, more than three months after the 31 January deadline. The government suggests the figure is likely to be lower, as some companies may no longer exist and several hundred have already transferred their property. ​​

​​But even if there were just 4,000 firms that are not complying with the law, the total value in fines would add up to £10m per day if the maximum daily financial penalty was imposed on every company that has not supplied its information.

​​Over the entire period since the deadline, more than 100 days, this would add up to around £1bn.

Some foreign companies may not be aware of the new law yet, while others could be struggling to identify and verify all their beneficial owners, according to John Barnett from the Chartered Institute of Taxation.

But there may be others that have no intention of complying.

They could be "burying their head in the sand" or making a deliberate decision to "take the risk of… fines, confiscation of the property", Mr Barnett told the BBC.

Although no financial penalties have been issued, a spokesperson for the Department for Business and Trade said it was building cases against companies who have failed to register by the deadline and working with law enforcement to "prioritise action against the most egregious offenders".

The spokesperson said the UK was the first country in the world to take "this tough new approach to tackle money laundering through property", adding: "Fines are just one tool in our arsenal to crack down on non-compliance, and non-compliant companies are already unable to buy or sell unregistered land, cutting off the flow of money."

But, as the government itself has acknowledged, it's a complicated business establishing which properties are owned by oligarchs with links to Vladmir Putin.

When the Foreign Office announced further sanctions last month against those who knowingly assisted sanctioned Russians - including Mr Abramovich - to hide their assets, it said oligarchs had "scrambled to shield their wealth" with the help of financial fixers, offshore trusts, shell companies and family members.

This west London property was reported to belong to Roman Abramovich

A 15-bedroom west London mansion widely reported as Roman Abramovich's home - planning applications for the property were made in the Abramovich name - was purchased for £90m in 2011 by Cyprus-based firm A. Corp Trustee. The company appears to be among those breaching the law by failing to provide details to the register.

A few miles away is a multimillion-pound City of London block that the Pandora Papers document leak revealed was owned by businessman Said Gutseriev - who was sanctioned in 2022 - via an offshore company that also does not appear to have submitted its ownership details to the corporate registry Companies House.

Neither Mr Gutseriev nor Mr Abramovich responded to the BBC's requests for comment.

Also apparently violating the law by not filing to the register are firms with property linked to energy and metals tycoon Oleg Deripaska, who was named in a UK court hearing as the beneficial owner of a Grade II-listed art deco mansion in Surrey and a large home in London's Belgrave Square.

When last year the Belgrave Square house was occupied by demonstrators supporting housing for Ukrainian refugees, a spokesman for the billionaire said the property belonged to family members rather than the oligarch himself.

Asked whether companies he was linked to were violating the new transparency law, a spokesperson for the oligarch told the BBC "none of these properties are owned by Mr Deripaska".

A BBC and Transparency International investigation in February found that despite the new transparency laws, the owners of about 50,000 UK properties held by foreign companies remained hidden from public view.

This included companies that either ignored the law altogether or filed information in such a way that it remained impossible for the public to find out who ultimately owned and benefited from them.

Helena Wood, head of the UK Economic Crime Programme at the Royal United Services Institute think tank, said: "Although the new register is to be welcomed as a deterrent for the future, its ability to retrofit an existing system based on 30 years of turning a blind eye was always going to be limited."

The fire broke out on Sackville Close in King's Hedges, Cambridge, on Friday

An e-bike was the most probable cause of a fire that killed a mother and her two children, investigators said.

Gemma Germeney, 31, died at the scene on Sackville Close in King's Hedges, Cambridge, on Friday.

Lilly Peden, eight, and four-year-old Oliver Peden died later in hospital.

Cambridgeshire Fire and Rescue Service said the blaze started accidentally and, following an investigation, it was thought the most probable cause was an electric bike that was charging.

A man in his 30s remains in a critical condition.

Family members who visited the scene said were "devastated" by the "tragic" deaths.

Flowers and soft toys have been left at the scene since Friday

The fire service's area commander Stuart Smith said a thorough investigation was carried out over the weekend by police forensic teams, special fire investigators, the fire service and a fire dog.

He urged anyone with e-bikes and e-scooters to be aware of possible dangers.

"We know e-bikes and e-scooters are popular modes of personal transport at the moment and we are urging anyone with one to be aware of the potential risks and follow simple precautions to reduce the likelihood of the batteries overheating," he said.

Mr Smith urged people to check their homes for all potential fire risks.

"It isn't just e-bikes and e-scooters, we have so many electrical gadgets these days that all require charging," he said.

"People just need to be aware of the risks and put steps in place to ensure they are being charged safely."

A fire safety team would be in the Sacksville Close area in the coming days to share advice and offer reassurance, he added.

A e-bike that was charging was thought to be the most likely cause of the fatal fire

He recommended anyone with concerns about general fire safety to speak to the team or visit the service's website.

A collection of flowers and soft toys have been left at the scene since Friday.

Following the fire, the East of England Ambulance Service said an infant from an adjoining property was also taken to hospital for assessment.

The fire service made a number of safety recommendations related to e-bikes and scooters:

Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp us on 0800 169 1830

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Colum Eastwood says the SDLP is "here to stay" despite last year's "bruising" election

The Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) leader has dismissed political "naysayers" and insisted his party is "here to stay".

Addressing his party's annual conference, Colum Eastwood acknowledged the party had been through a "bruising electoral contest" last May.

He told SDLP members in Londonderry that "the adversity we face now is nothing compared to the adversity this party has shouldered in the past".

"We are a party that is ready to get back to work and we will win again," he said.

The SDLP leader and MP for Foyle said last year's assembly election had "exacted a high price".

He told members that those who had written off the party before should be ignored.

"The people in this hall today, and the many friends and colleagues outside, the values they represent and the vision we set for this island can never be written off," he added.

"We're going to embark on a long-term political strategy with the goal of reimagining our country," Mr Eastwood said, acknowledging his party's commission for a new Ireland, which he said was "shifting gear".

"This is when we are at our best - when we bring together an unstoppable coalition."

He also called for an end to the "poisonous politics of veto" at Stormont and accused the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) of being "wreckers" of the institutions.

"The DUP need to get back to work or get out of the way," Mr Eastwood said.

He added sharing power was the "engine" of Stormont and not an "optional extra".

The DUP has boycotted devolved government at Stormont over Northern Ireland Protocol concerns

The party's conference came days after MPs including those in the SDLP voted to back the Windsor Framework agreed by the UK and EU.

The framework is designed to make trade between Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK easier.

It gives the Stormont assembly more say over EU rules and has been welcomed by most Northern Ireland parties.

Mr Eastwood said the DUP, which voted against the deal, was "digging its heels in".

And he added that if the party held out on returning to power sharing at Stormont, the "only alternative" would be a new settlement between London and Dublin.

"If we are unable to secure lasting reform of the institutions then the only alternative is a new settlement that retains power with the Irish and British traditions that share this island.

"And if political parties will not work together, then there must be a new model of shared stewardship between the British and Irish governments."

He told SDLP members that the choice facing the DUP is not about the Northern Ireland Protocol or framework, but whether they "can share power with their neighbours".

It makes sense that the SDLP would choose its heartland of Foyle to bring its members together.

There is no shying away from how hard a time the party has had recently.

It lost four seats last year in May's assembly election and recent polls haven't proved any more positive.

That said, the party's south Belfast MP Claire Hanna has said that since then, the SDLP has been doing some serious thinking and reflection.

In other words: they may be down but they're not out, if Colum Eastwood can help it.

He believes in the message he's selling but it's not the audience in Derry he needs to persuade.

The next electoral test for the SDLP is just eight weeks away.

A decision to quash a Department of Health policy on paying for care costs in nursing homes has been welcomed by the NI commissioner for older people.

The commissioner, Eddie Lynch, was reacting to a decision by High Court judge Mr Justice Scoffield.

The judge ruled the department failed to properly consider the impact on elderly people who could potentially lose life savings to meet health costs.

He said it had been responsible for a "plain dereliction in its duty".

The commissioner, Mr Lynch, took a judicial review on behalf of Robin McMinnis.

The 75-year-old, who is quadriplegic and has complex medical needs, has been paying for his care while living in a Belfast nursing home.

The Continuing Healthcare Policy relates to the assessment of whether a person's needs can be met in a hospital which will not cost anything or is social-care related which could incur costs.

The judicial review highlighted that the criteria and threshold for when a person should pay for their care is unclear and operates differently between each health trust.

Eddie Lynch said the High Court ruling was a win for older people

All older people with assets worth more than £23,250 have to pay for their social care.

A change to the policy, introduced in February 2021, uses a single criteria question where people are asked: "Can your care needs be met properly in any other setting other than a hospital?"

Those people who are placed in a nursing home have to pay, while others who say they cannot go to a nursing home instead have their care paid for while in hospital.

The judge ruled that Mr McMinnis was unfairly refused the funding and ordered the Belfast Trust to reconsider his application.

He said he also proposed "to quash the decision of the department to adopt the 2021 policy".

Mr McMinnis said it had been "a long journey for me personally over the past six years with many setbacks".

"It has been a matter of principle for me, knowing that many others have been disqualified or were unaware of the Continuing Healthcare Policy," he continued.

Reacting to the judgement, Mr Lynch said he was delighted for Mr McMinnis.

"This is also a win for the many older people who have contacted my office over the past number of years in relation to issues with continuing healthcare assessments, all of whom will now be entitled to receive the fair assessment they deserve," he said.

On Tuesday he told BBC's Good Morning Ulster the ruling shows the system "was not fit for purpose".

"The bottom line here was older people were being failed by the system," the commissioner said.

"Older people whose costs should have been picked up by the NHS were paying for their care.

"People were left high and dry, people who were entitled to this [financial] support because the system was not set up properly to give them a fair assessment."

He said this ruling "overturns and quashes a policy that was ageist".

Mr Lynch said now that the policy has been quashed, the onus is on the Department of Health to "come up with a policy that treats people fairly".

The department said it "will be considering the judgement, before deciding on next steps".

We are now back in court, but Lucy Letby is in the dock, rather than being in the witness box. The jury has just come back in.

The judge, Mr Justice Goss, apologises to them for the delay. He tells them that for reasons with which they should not concern themselves, we are not going to continue with the hearing for the rest of today.

He tells the jury that they will not be needed back at court until it's next scheduled to sit on Wednesday next week.

He reminds them not to research the case themselves, away from the evidence they hear at court.

That is the end of proceedings for today. The trial will continue next Wednesday.

Alun Titford and Sarah Lloyd-Jones have been jailed

The parents of a 16-year-old girl who died following "shocking" neglect have been jailed.

Kaylea Titford's father Alun Titford, from Newtown, Powys, was found guilty of manslaughter by gross negligence and has been jailed for seven years and six months.

Kaylea's mother Sarah Lloyd-Jones admitted the same charge and was sentenced to six years.

The teenager's body was found on soiled sheets at their home in October 2020.

Sentencing the pair at Swansea Crown Court on Wednesday, Mr Justice Martin Griffiths said Kaylea's parents were "both equally responsible and were both equally culpable."

The judge added: "This was a horrifying case. A case of sustained neglect, leading to the death of a vulnerable, bedridden child at the hands of her own parents."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The hearing was the first time broadcasters were allowed to film a crown court hearing in Wales, following a major change in the law last year which permitted TV cameras in some courtrooms.

Kaylea had spina bifida, which left her with little feeling from the waist down and limited her mobility, and had used a wheelchair from a young age.

The trial heard that when she was found dead at her home on 10 October 2020 she was morbidly obese, weighing nearly 23 stone (146 kg).

Her hair was dirty and matted and she was unwashed with ulcerated skin.

Prosecutor Caroline Rees KC said her parents' "serious failures were hidden from the world" because of the coronavirus lockdown, which kept Kaylea at home from March 2020 onwards.

This left her "trapped" in an "inhumane" environment where she lay on "filthy puppy pads", with maggots and flies on and around her body.

Kaylea had been restricted to her bed for more than six months since the start of the UK's Covid lockdown when she died

"Kaylea lived and died in squalor and degradation", she added.

Before the lockdown, Kaylea was described as being "fiercely independent and a lovely, chatty girl", but she became less able to move using a wheelchair.

Kaylea had not been seen by any medical professional in the nine months prior to her death, the court was told, and the evidence of a doctor was that the "consequences of neglect" were the worst he had seen in 30 years of practice.

In the three months before her death, the household had spent a total of £1,035.76 on takeaway food.

"As her condition deteriorated, the expenditure on takeaways and fast food increased," Ms Rees said.

The court heard that Kaylea was "eating, sleeping and defecating" from her bed.

"The last months of Kaylea Titford's life must have been horrendous," Ms Rees said.

The court also heard a series of text messages between Kaylea and her mother in August and September 2020, in which she asked for help with "incontinence needs".

"It shows that Sarah Lloyd-Jones was fully aware, and did not do anything about it," Ms Rees said.

Ms Rees said it was not a "lapse" in care, but "repeated negligent conduct in the face of obvious suffering".

She added: "Both parents had a duty of care, both were equally responsible. The fact that Alun Titford chose to absent himself from the care of Kaylea, does not give him an excuse."

Kaylea was subjected to "shocking and prolonged" neglect at the hands of her parents

In mitigation for Lloyd-Jones, Lewis Power KC said his client had an "epiphany of insight into her actions", leading to her guilty plea.

"She accepts that she owed her daughter a duty of care, and that she did breach that duty by failing to take reasonable care for her daughter's health and welfare needs."

Mr Power said that, prior to the pandemic, Lloyd-Jones was "a lady who tried her best", and added that she suffered from depression and became "gradually overwhelmed", particularly due to the "pressures of lockdown".

David Elias KC, representing Titford, said his client showed "genuine remorse" and that the pair had been "good parents" up until the lockdown period.

He said that Titford suffered from depression and a historic drug addiction, "lacked confidence" and was "overly reliant" on others.

However, the judge said he "did not accept" that outside agencies should have been more proactive.

"They never asked for help they didn't get. They never asked for help at all," he said.

In a statement after the sentencing, Dean Quick of the Crown Prosecution Service said: "No child should have to endure these types of living conditions or the extensive level of suffering faced by Kaylea.

"The level of neglect in this case was some of the most extreme that CPS Cymru-Wales has had to deal with."

Det Ch Insp Jon Rees, of Dyfed-Powys Police, said the conditions Kaylea lived in were "incomprehensible".

"While we did all we could to ensure we got justice for Kaylea, nothing will take away from the loss of a teenage girl who was so badly let down by the very people who should have been caring for her," he added.

NSPCC Cymru said the case was "incredibly distressing", adding that the forthcoming safeguarding review "must leave no stone unturned" in establishing whether more could have been done to protect Kaylea.

Powys council said a review would be carried out by the mid and west Wales regional safeguarding children board.

A spokesman added: "The council does not feel able to comment until this process has been completed."

If you have been affected by any of the issues in this story, the BBC Action Line has links to organisations which can offer support and advice

The Ukrainian mayor of Melitopol, Ivan Fedorov, posted these pictures on Saturday evening of the "mad" five-hour queues to leave the evacuated area

Russia has sparked a "mad panic" as it evacuates a town near the contested Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant, a Ukrainian official says.

Russia has told people to leave 18 settlements in the Zaporizhzhia region, including Enerhodar near the plant, ahead of Kyiv's anticipated offensive.

The Ukrainian mayor of Melitopol, Ivan Fedorov, said there were five-hour waits as thousands of cars left.

Speaking to the BBC's Newshour programme Rafael Grossi - the director of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) - said the evacuation of residents near the nuclear facility indicated the possibility of heavy fighting between Russian and Ukrainian forces around the plant.

Although its reactors were not producing electricity they were still loaded with nuclear material, he said.

Mr Grossi added that he had had to travel through a minefield when he visited the plant a few weeks ago.

Earlier, the IAEA warned in a statement that situation at the Zaporizhzhia facility was "becoming increasingly unpredictable and potentially dangerous".

Operating staff were still at the site but there was "deep concern about the increasingly tense, stressful, and challenging conditions for personnel and their families".

It said IAEA experts at the plant had "received information that the announced evacuation of residents from the nearby town of Enerhodar - where most plant staff live - has started".

On Friday, the Russian-installed regional head Yevgeny Balitsky said that "in the past few days, the enemy has stepped up shelling of settlements close to the front line".

"I have therefore made a decision to evacuate first of all children and parents, elderly people, disabled people and hospital patients," he wrote on social media. .

The IAEA has issued warnings previously about safety at the plant - which Russia captured in the opening days of its invasion last year - after shelling caused temporary power cuts.

In March the IAEA warned the plant was running on diesel generators to keep vital cooling systems going, after damage to power lines.

Since Russia launched its invasion in February 2022 the number of staff at the plant has declined, the IAEA says, "but site management has stated that it has remained sufficient for the safe operation of the plant".

Russian forces occupy much of the Zaporizhzhia region but not the regional capital Zaporizhzhia, which lies just north-east of Enerhodar across the Dnipro reservoir.

On Sunday, the Ukrainian general staff said civilians were being evacuated to the cities of Berdyansk and Prymorsk, further inside Russian-held territory.

The exiled mayor of Melitopol, Ivan Fedorov, wrote on Telegram that shops in the evacuated areas had run out of goods and medicine.

He also said hospitals were discharging patients into the street amid fears that electricity and water supplies could be suspended if Ukraine attacks the region.

And he claimed that two-thirds of evacuation convoys - allegedly made up of civilians - consisted of retreating Russian troops. The BBC cannot verify this claim.

"The partial evacuation they announced is going too fast, and there is a possibility that they may be preparing for provocations and (for that reason) focusing on civilians," Mr Fedorov added.

The head of Russia's Wagner mercenary group has announced that its forces have started withdrawing from the Ukrainian city of Bakhmut.

Yevgeny Prigozhin has vowed to transfer control of the city to the Russian army by 1 June, but Kyiv says it still controls pockets of the city.

He said his forces were ready to return if the Russian regular army proved unable to manage the situation.

The battle for the city has been the longest and bloodiest of the war.

Wagner mercenaries have led the fighting there for the Russian side, and Mr Prigozhin this week said that 20,000 of its fighters had died in Bakhmut.

"We are withdrawing units from Bakhmut today," Mr Prigozhin said in a video released on Telegram from the destroyed city.

BBC Verify has geolocated the video to an area near a pharmacy in the east of Bakhmut.

Mr Prigozhin - who announced the capture of the city on Saturday - is seen telling his men to leave ammunition for the Russian army. He adds that some Wagner fighters will stay behind to assist Russian troops.

"The moment when the military are in a tough situation, they will stand up," he says, before warning two fighters to not "bully the military".

The Wagner boss has repeatedly targeted top Russian military officials, criticising them publicly for not supporting his troops. Last month, he even threatened to pull his troops out of the city if they were not provided with much-needed ammunition.

Despite Wagner's claims to be handing over Bakhmut, Ukraine has not conceded that the city has fallen.

Ukraine's Deputy Defence Minister, Hanna Maliar, said on Thursday that its forces still control part of the Litak district in the southwest of the city.

"The enemy has replaced Wagner units in the suburbs with regular army troops. Inside the town proper, Wagner forces are still present," she posted on Telegram.

Analysts say Bakhmut is of little strategic value to Moscow, but its capture would be a symbolic victory for Russia after the longest battle of the war in Ukraine so far.

Wagner mercenaries have concentrated their efforts on the city for months and their relentless, costly tactic of sending in waves of men seems to have gradually eroded Kyiv's resistance.

Mr Prigozhin has emerged as a key player in Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine launched in February 2022, in charge of the private army of mercenaries.

He recruited thousands of convicted criminals from jail for his group - no matter how grave their crimes - as long as they agreed to fight for Wagner in Ukraine.

Around half of the 20,000 Wagner fighters to have died in Bakhmut were convicts, Mr Prigozhin said this week.

Earlier this month, the US said it believed more than 20,000 Russian soldiers had been killed in the battle for Bakhmut and another 80,000 wounded. The BBC is unable to independently verify the figures.

Ukraine has not released figures on its casualties in Bakhmut, but has also sustained heavy losses.

The capture of Bakhmut would bring Russia slightly closer to its goal of controlling the whole of Donetsk region, one of four regions in eastern and southern Ukraine annexed by Russia last September following referendums widely condemned outside Russia as a sham.

However, when Russia fought fiercely to claim the cities of Severodonetsk and Lysychansk last summer, Ukraine soon reclaimed swathes of territory elsewhere.

There were about 70,000 people living in Bakhmut before the invasion, but only a few thousand remain in the devastated city, once best known for its salt and gypsum mines and huge winery.

Kemi Badenoch discussed the upcoming gender guidance for schools on Sunday With Laura Kuenssberg

Parents should be aware of what is happening with their child, the equalities minister has said ahead of gender guidance for England schools.

Kemi Badenoch told the BBC she "can't go into specifics" of what will be in the new guidance, expected next week.

Recent reports have suggested schools will be told to tell parents if students are questioning their gender.

Ms Badenoch said "what is right is that parents know what is going on with their children at school".

She told the BBC's Sunday With Laura Kuenssberg that the guidance would bring "clarity" for schools on "how to deal with children experiencing gender distress".

She added: "There's quite a lot of confusion about what the law says and it is important that parents are aware of what's going on with their children and what's happening to them at school, so what we're doing is making sure we have robust guidance that's going to be able to stand up to scrutiny. That will be coming shortly."

When asked whether trans students may feel that their teachers will be "outing" them to their parents against their wishes, Ms Badenoch warned against speculating what will be in the guidance, adding that "it's best read in totality and within context".

Ms Badenoch added that the government's guidance will ensure "everyone is getting the balance right".

The Department for Education is expected to publish a draft for consultation, before the final guidance is then issued.

The guidance may also look at issues such as whether single-sex schools are legally obliged to allow transgender pupils.

Crowds have lined the streets to celebrate West Ham football club's Europa Conference League final victory over Fiorentina.

The win meant that West Ham achieved the club's first major trophy for 43 years.

Fans of David Moyes' team gathered to watch the trophy parade through the streets of London.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The government is committed to ending cross-Channel migrant boats despite a court ruling its Rwanda policy is unlawful, the home secretary has said.

Suella Braverman told MPs she would do "whatever it takes to stop the boats."

Her comments came after judges at the Court of Appeal ruled that the plan to send asylum seekers to the African country could also breach human rights. The government says it will appeal.

Labour says the plan is "unethical" and Ms Braverman is "ramping up rhetoric".

Asylum Aid, the charity which brought the legal challenge, said the decision taken by the court on Thursday was a "vindication of the importance of the rule of law and basic fairness".

The plan to send people who arrive in the UK illegally to Rwanda was first unveiled in April 2022 in an attempt to deter crossings on the English Channel on small boats.

It has been subject to several legal challenges, including the latest at the Court of Appeal where judges ruled that Rwanda had not provided enough safeguards to prove it is a "safe third country".

Two out of the three judges found that there was a risk that asylum seekers sent to Rwanda could then be forced back to the country from where they were originally fleeing. This means the UK government's immigration policy contravenes the European Convention on Human Rights, which protects against torture.

However Ms Braverman said this did not mean that Rwanda itself was not safe.

The home secretary told MPs she respected the judgement, but added it was "disappointing" and that the government would be challenging it.

Ms Braverman said that the "abuse" of the asylum system was "unfair" on local communities, taxpayers and "those who play by the rules".

She added that it "incentivises mass flows of economic migration into Europe, lining the pockets of people smugglers and turning our seas into graveyards, all in the name of a phoney humanitarianism".

Shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper said the government's Rwanda scheme was "completely unravelling" and described it as "unworkable, unethical and extortionately expensive."

"This is their chaos, their Tory chaos, their boats chaos and their broken asylum system," she said.

She also accused the home secretary of "wasting everybody's time" on "ramping up the rhetoric rather than coming up with a serious plan".

The Rwandan government insisted it was "one of the safest countries in the world" and had been recognised for its "exemplary treatment of refugees".

The case was brought by Asylum Aid, which argued the policy was unlawful, as well as 10 people from countries including Syria, Iraq and Albania, who arrived in the UK in small boats.

The High Court had backed the government's policy at an earlier hearing, but that decision was scrutinised by Appeal Court judges Lord Chief Justice Lord Burnett, Sir Geoffrey Vos and Lord Justice Underhill in this latest stage of the process.

While Lord Burnett sided with the UK government, the others concluded that the assurances from the Rwandan government were not "sufficient to ensure that there is no real risk that asylum seekers relocated under the Rwanda policy will be wrongly returned to countries where they face persecution or other inhumane treatment".

They said that sending asylum seekers to Rwanda will be unlawful "unless and until the deficiencies in [its government's] asylum processes are corrected".

The judges stressed that they all agreed that the Rwandan government's assurances of the policy had been made "in good faith".

Tessa Gregory, a partner at law firm Leigh Day which represented Asylum Aid in the case, said: "We are delighted that the Court of Appeal has ruled that the Rwanda removals process is unlawful on grounds of safety."

It acknowledged that not all of the charity's challenges had been accepted by the court, but said the ruling had affirmed there are "clear deficiencies" with the policy.

Other human rights groups have welcomed the court's decision, with Freedom From Torture describing it as a "victory for reason and compassion".

The PM has made "stopping the boats" a key government priority

The Rwanda policy has hit several roadblocks since it was first announced last April.

The first deportation flight was halted minutes before it was due to take off after a legal challenge was granted in June 2022.

In December, the High Court decided that the plan did not breach the UN's Refugee Convention - which sets out the human rights of anyone seeking asylum - and ruled that it was legal.

But the following month it was decided that some of the parties in that case should be allowed to appeal against elements of that decision - and have the case heard by the Court of Appeal.

This week the Home Office said it expects it to cost £169,000 for every person deported and processed under the Rwanda scheme - more than it currently costs to house an asylum seeker in the UK.

But the same analysis warned rising accommodation costs could mean the cost of housing an asylum claimant in the UK could be £165,000 per person within four years.

The Home Office says it currently spends almost £7m a day on hotel accommodation to house asylum seekers.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has said he respects the court's decision but he will do "whatever is necessary" to disrupt criminal gangs operating small boat crossings.

Asked after the ruling if the government was confident the first deportation flight would take off before the next general election, a Downing Street spokesman said it could not "put a timetable on that".

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

The green vase is believed to be from the Ming Dynasty

An £8.50 vase that "sat in the corner of a downstairs loo" has sold for £3,400 after auctioneers linked it to the Chinese Ming Dynasty.

The vase belonged to Amanda Lawler, whose daughter Mary bought it for her in a charity shop in Leigh-on-Sea, Essex in 2020.

Mrs Lawler said she used the ornament as "an occasional doorstop" and almost threw it away when she moved house.

The piece sold at Lockdales Auctioneers near Ipswich on Thursday for £3,400.

Mrs Lawler had kept the vase, saying she later saw an "identical" one on the BBC's Antiques Roadshow, valued up to £10,000.

Speaking ahead of the auction, Mrs Lawler said she had tasked her daughter with finding an ornament for the WC, and was pleased when she was sent a photo of the vase in a shop with the asking price of £8.50.

However, she had suggested her daughter try "offering a fiver for it... which she would not do as it was a charity shop".

"It just sat in the corner of the downstairs loo for quite a while," Mrs Lawler said.

Mary Lawler found the vase for her mum in a charity shop and paid £8.50 for it

One day she spotted a post on social media about a Ming vase featured on an episode of Antiques Roadshow.

The programme's specialist Lars Tharp had valued a vase on the show at between £5,000 and £10,000.

"I looked at the pictures and thought, that looks very much like our vase," Mrs Lawler said.

She showed it to auctioneers Lockdales - and their specialist Liza Machan agreed.

"It was one of those 'I'm just going to sit down for a little bit' moments," said Mrs Lawler.

Ms Machan said: "The vase had the provenance of having an identical one on the Antiques Roadshow - and to an extent we were relying on the provenance of the BBC programme."

She said it seemed likely the Essex vase was one of a pair that had been donated to charity but split up, as they were both purchased from shops for a similar price - less than £10 each.

"There was a lot of interest in it pre-auction," Ms Machan said.

It was put into the auction with a guide price of between £3,000 and £4,000 - going under the hammer for £3,400.

The vase is understood to have been purchased by a private collector, probably from the UK.

Mrs Lawler said as her daughter Mary had found it and paid for it, she was likely to get the "lion's share" of the sale price.

Her daughter's old VW Golf car needed some work, and she said the money would be used to do it up.

Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp us on 0800 169 1830

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The aftermath of an avalanche at the Armancette glacier on Sunday

Six skiers, including two guides, have died after being caught in an avalanche in the French Alps on Sunday.

The disaster happened at the Armancette glacier, near Mont Blanc in south-eastern France, at about midday local time.

It was a sunny day and skiing conditions had been described as "good" before the avalanche struck.

Another injured person was taken to hospital, while eight others swept up were unharmed.

Among the victims was a couple in their 20s, a 39-year-old woman and a man in his early 40s who was "probably" her partner and two guides, local prosecutor Karline Bouisset said.

The avalanche was caused by a slab of snow detaching from the top of the mountain, according to Jean-Luc Mattel, an official of the nearby Contamines-Montjoie village.

Mountain rescue teams were joined by search and rescue dogs as they worked on Sunday and Monday morning to reach those who were caught.

Mr Mattel said the risk level on Sunday morning was "reasonable" and the guides, both of them locals, were highly experienced. The group are all thought to have been back-country skiing - when skiers go on unmarked or unpatrolled areas.

"Today, we are mourning, and there is great sadness among all of us mountaineers, friends of Les Contamines, those who died are people we knew, and all our thoughts go out to their families," he said.

The mayor of Contamines-Montjoie, Francois Barbier, told the AFP news agency he thought it was the "most deadly avalanche this season".

France's interior minister, Gérald Darmanin, and French President Emmanuel Macron also expressed their sympathy.

Before the incident, a nearby ski resort called Les Contamines-Montjoie posted a video on social media showing a huge wall of snow moving down from the Dômes de Miage, of which the glacier is a part.

It is not clear if the video shows the avalanche in which the people died.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Snow and ice cascade down from Dômes de Miage in the French Alps

One eyewitness told France Television that she was hiking just in front of the Armancette glacier when she saw the avalanche happening and took out her phone to film it.

"I had put the phone in front of me, but then I was looking with my eyes more than in the lens and suddenly there was a huge, huge, huge cloud that came down to the bottom, it split into two," she said.

"I think of the families, I think of the people, of those who got out of it, who had the fright of their life, of those who are still there."

The nearby resort urged people to be careful if they were venturing off-piste - away from the prepared ski runs.

Officials have told AFP that a further avalanche could not be ruled out.

Two brothers died in an avalanche on the same glacier in 2014. They were both experienced mountaineers and had been properly equipped.

The Duke and Duchess of Sussex's daughter has been christened at the couple's California home.

Princess Lilibet Diana, who was born to Prince Harry and Meghan in June 2021, was christened on Friday.

The announcement is the first time she has been publicly called a princess and confirms that Harry and Meghan will use the royal titles for their children.

The couple's spokesperson said members of the Royal Family were invited to the christening.

Although Lilibet was not a princess at birth, because she was not a granddaughter of the monarch, she gained the right to that title when King Charles acceded to the throne.

Buckingham Palace has said the royal website - which currently lists her and brother Archie with the titles Miss and Master - will "be updated in due course" to reflect the title.

Lilibet is the second child of Harry and Meghan, who relocated to the US after stepping down as working royals in 2020. Their son Archie was born in May 2019.

The BBC understands members of the Royal Family were invited to the christening but it appears none were in attendance.

Harry and Meghan are understood to want their children to decide for themselves whether or not to use their titles when they are older.

The couple will not use the titles conversationally, the BBC understands, but Archie and Lilibet will be referred to as prince and princess in formal contexts.

The children will not be able to style themselves as HRH given the right to do so comes from their father and he stopped using it when he stepped back from being a working royal.

The rules governing the titles of royal children were set out by King George V in 1917.

As the children of the son of a sovereign, Archie and Lilibet are automatically entitled to be called prince and princess.

Right Reverend John Harvey Taylor, the Bishop of Los Angeles, presided over the christening.

The ex-newspaper journalist worked in the office of former US President Richard Nixon between 1984 and 1990 prior to being ordained.

Earlier this week, it emerged that Harry and Meghan were weighing up whether or not to travel to the UK for the King and Queen Consort's coronation.

A statement issued on behalf of the couple said Harry had been contacted about the event on 6 May by the King's private office via email.

The BBC understands some prospective guests are being asked to save the date ahead of official invitations to be sent later.

Buckingham Palace has declined to comment on the guest list.

Lucille Downer suffered a fatal neck wound after the American bulldogs went into her garden

A man has pleaded guilty to being in charge of two dangerously out of control dogs which killed an 85-year-old woman.

Lucille Downer was fatally attacked by the American bulldogs after they got into her garden in Rowley Regis in the West Midlands in 2021.

Darren Pritchard, of Merrivale Road, Smethwick, admitted an offence under the Dangerous Dogs Act at Wolverhampton Crown Court.

He will be sentenced on 15 May.

The 44-year-old also pleaded guilty to possessing cannabis with intent to supply and producing the drug at an address on the street where Mrs Downer was pronounced dead after suffering a neck wound.

Darren Pritchard pleaded guilty to an offence under the Dangerous Dogs Act at Wolverhampton Crown Court

Pritchard was granted bail by Judge Michael Chambers who told him he would receive credit for his guilty pleas.

"But they are clearly serious matters which cross the custodial threshold so you should be under no illusion as to the likely sentence," he added.

The dogs got into Mrs Downer's garden in Boundary Avenue through a hole in a fence on 2 April.

West Midlands Police said neighbours rushed to help the retired cook, but she died from "multiple" injuries.

Flowers were placed outside Mrs Downer's home after her death

Her family said she was a mother, grandmother and great-grandmother who had been born in Jamaica and arrived in the UK in her early 20s.

"Since arriving in the UK, Rowley Regis has always been her home and her family will miss her dearly," they said in a statement at the time.

The dogs, which were not a banned breed in the UK, were "humanely destroyed" as they could not be rehomed.

The facts of the case were not opened by prosecutor Howard Searle during the court hearing, which was told Pritchard had been "out of trouble since 2013" at the time of Mrs Downer's death.

Follow BBC West Midlands on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: newsonline.westmidlands@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Mexican authorities have found 45 bags containing human remains in a ravine outside the western city of Guadalajara.

Officials were searching for seven young call centre workers, who had been reported missing last week, when they found the bodies.

The remains include men and women, and the number of bodies is not yet known.

The search is expected to continue for several days because of difficult terrain and poor lighting.

The state prosecutor's office for the western state of Jalisco said in a statement that, following a tip-off in the search for the seven people, they had begun searching at the Mirador del Bosque ravine where they found the bags that included body parts.

Firefighters and civil defence were working with police and a helicopter crew to recover the remains.

The first bag was found on Tuesday, but because of the difficult terrain and lack of sunlight, the investigation resumed on Wednesday and will continue until all remains are located, the prosecutor's office said.

Officials said they would continue working to determine the number of dead bodies, who they were, and their causes of death.

It added that it would continue trying to establish the whereabouts of the seven people reported as missing.

Although it has not yet been established how the bodies ended up in the ravine, crimes of disappearance are relatively common in Mexico.

More than 100,000 people are missing, government figures suggest, with many being victims of organised crime. Perpetrators are rarely punished.

Government data shows that many disappearances have occurred since 2007, when then-President Felipe Calderón launched his "war on drugs".

Three quarters of those reported missing were men and one fifth were under the age of 18 at the time of their disappearance.

Relatives of the disappeared say that the government is not doing enough to find them, and that officials are indifferent when they report their loved ones as missing.

The United Nations has called it "a human tragedy of enormous proportions".

Jalisco is the heartland of a violent drug war, and some of the most powerful groups operating there include the Jalisco New Generation cartel (CJNG), and their rival, Nueva Plaza, which split from the CJNG in 2017, sparking violence across Guadalajara, the capital of Jalisco state.

On Monday, thousands of junior doctors in England will start a 72-hour strike. They want a 35% pay rise. Yet doctors are among the highest paid in the public sector. So why do they have the biggest pay claim?

The origins of the walkout by British Medical Association members - the biggest by doctors in the history of the NHS - can be found in a series of discussions on social media platform Reddit in late 2021.

A collection of junior doctors were expressing their dissatisfaction about pay.

The numbers chatting online grew quickly and by January 2022 it had led to the formation of the campaign group Doctors Vote, with the aim of restoring pay to the pre-austerity days of 2008.

The group began spreading its message via social media - and, within months, its supporters had won 26 of the 69 voting seats on the BMA ruling council, and 38 of the 68 on its junior doctor committee.

Dr Vivek Trivedi and Dr Rob Laurenson stood for BMA election on a Doctors Vote platform

Two of those who stood on the Doctors Vote platform - Dr Rob Laurenson and Dr Vivek Trivedi - became co-chairs of the committee.

"It was simply a group of doctors connecting up the dots," Dr Laurenson says. "We reflect the vast majority of doctors," he adds, pointing to the mandate from the wider BMA junior doctor membership - 77% voted and of those, 98% backed strike action.

Among some of the older BMA heads, though, there is a sense of disquiet at the new guard. One senior doctor who has now stood down from a leadership role says: "They're undoubtedly much more radical than we have seen before. But they haven't read the room - the pay claim makes them look silly."

Publicly, the BMA prefers not to talk about wanting a pay rise. Instead, it uses the term "pay restoration" - to reverse cuts of 26% since 2008. This is the amount pay has fallen once inflation is taken into account.

To rectify a cut of 26% requires a bigger percentage increase because the amount is lower. This is why the BMA is actually after a 35% increase - and it is a rise it is calling for to be paid immediately.

The argument is more complicated than the ones put forward by most other unions - and because of that it has raised eyebrows.

Firstly, no junior doctor has seen pay cut by 26% in that period. There are five core pay points in the junior doctor contract with each a springboard to the next. It means they move up the pay scale over time until they finish their training.

A junior doctor in 2008 may well be a consultant now, perhaps earning four times in cash terms what they were then.

Secondly, the 26% figure uses the retail price index (RPI) measure of inflation, which the Office for National Statistics says is a poor way to look at rising prices. Using the more favoured consumer price index measure, the cut is 16% - although the BMA defends its use of RPI as it takes into account housing costs.

"The drop in pay is also affected by the start-year chosen," Lucina Rolewicz, of the Nuffield Trust think tank, says. A more recent start date will show a smaller decline, as would going further back in the 2000s.

Another way of looking at pay is comparing it with wages across the economy by looking at where a job sits in terms of the lowest to highest earners.

The past decade has not been a boom time for wage growth in many fields, as austerity and the lack of economic growth has held back incomes.

Last year, the independent Doctors' and Dentists' Remuneration Body looked at this. It found junior doctors had seen their pay, relative to others, fall slightly during the 2010s, but were still among the highest earners, with doctors fresh out of university immediately finding themselves in the top half of earners, while those at the end of training were just outside the top 10%.

Then, of course, career prospects have to be considered. Consultants earn well more than £100,000 on average, putting them in the top 2%. GP partners earn even more.

A pension of more than £60,000 a year in today's prices also awaits those reaching such positions.

But while the scale of the pay claim is new, dissatisfaction with working conditions and pay pre-date the rise of the Doctors Vote movement.

Studying medicine at university takes five years, meaning big debts for most. Dr Trivedi says £80,000 of student loans are often topped up by private debt.

On top of that, doctors have to pay for ongoing exams and professional membership fees. Their junior doctor training can see them having to make several moves across the country and with little control over the hours they work.

This lasts many years - junior doctors can commonly spend close to a decade in training.

It is clearly hard work. And with services getting increasingly stretched, it is a job that doctors say is leaving them "demoralised, angry and exhausted", Dr Trivedi says, adding: "Patient care is being compromised."

But while medicine is undoubtedly tough, it remains hugely attractive.

Junior doctor posts in the early years are nearly always filled - it is not until doctors begin to specialise later in their training that significant gaps emerge in some specialities such as end-of-life care and sexual health.

Looking at all doctor vacancy rates across the NHS around 6% of posts are unfilled - for nurses it is nearly twice that level.

Many argue there is still a shortage - with not enough training places or funded doctor posts in the NHS in the first place.

But the fact the problems appear more severe in other NHS roles is a key reason why the government does not seem to be in a hurry to prioritise doctors - formal pay talks to avert strikes have begun with unions representing the rest of the workforce

"If we have some money to give a pay rise to NHS staff," a source close to the negotiations says, "doctors are not at the front of the queue."

Are you taking part in the strike action? Has your appointment been cancelled or delayed? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

A protester was tackled by police and security during the Derby

A man has been charged after a protester ran onto the racecourse during the Epsom Derby on Saturday.

The horseracing event was targeted by animal rights protesters, who attempted to breach a large security operation in order to disrupt the day's main race.

Ben Newman, 32, from Hackney, east London, has been charged with causing public nuisance, Surrey Police said.

He is due to appear at Guildford Magistrates' Court on Monday.

A man was seen being bundled to the floor by police and security guards during the opening seconds of the prestigious race.

He was quickly removed from the course while being jeered by spectators. The race was unaffected.

The protest went ahead despite the Jockey Club, which runs the event, being granted a court injunction prohibiting the group Animal Rising from disrupting it.

The group had publicly threatened to stop the main race going ahead, saying it wanted to raise awareness about animal rights.

Mr Newman was one of 31 people arrested in connection with the planned protests, including 12 on the racecourse grounds and 19 during a pre-emptive operation in the hours before it began.

Surrey Police said two women were arrested after being "quickly detained moments before they were able to get on to the track".

Mr Newman is the only protester to face a charge so far. The remaining 30 people have been released on bail pending further inquiries, police said.

Moscow's mayor says "two non-residential" buildings were hit in the drone attack

Russia has accused Ukraine of being behind a drone attack that damaged at least two buildings in the capital Moscow early on Monday morning.

The Russian defence ministry said two drones were "suppressed and crashed", adding that there were no casualties.

Russia's state-owned Tass news agency reported that one drone fell close to the defence ministry.

Ukrainian officials are yet to comment, but they rarely claim responsibility for attacks inside Russia.

In a separate development, Russian-installed officials ordered people to evacuate one district of Crimea - the Ukrainian southern peninsular annexed by Moscow in 2014 - after a reported overnight Ukrainian drone attack.

Kremlin-appointed regional head Sergei Aksenov said an ammunition depot was hit in the northern Dzhankoi area, and residents of nearby villages were told to leave their homes. He reported no casualties.

Meanwhile, Ukraine said four people were injured and a grain hangar was destroyed in an overnight Russian drone attacks on two ports on the River Danube, an alternative export route to the Black Sea, its southern Odesa region.

Russia has been launching near-constant attacks on the Odesa region - where Ukraine's major Black Sea ports are located - since Russia withdrew from a landmark grain deal last week.

In Moscow, the city's Mayor Sergei Sobyanin said the drone strikes in the Russian capital hit "two non-residential" buildings around 04:00 local time (01:00 GMT). In a post on social media, he added that the buildings had not sustained any major damage.

But state news agencies reported that some drone fragments were found just 2km (1.2 miles) away from the defence ministry's buildings.

"A Kyiv regime attempt to carry out a terrorist act using two drones on objects on the territory of the city of Moscow was stopped," the Russian defence ministry said in a statement.

Russian news agencies reported that drone debris was also found along the city's Komsomolsky Avenue. Moscow's transport department wrote on Telegram that traffic along the route was blocked and photos showed emergency services working at the scene.

Traffic was also stopped on Likhachev Avenue, where a high-rise office building was damaged. Footage published on the military Zvezda TV channel showed missing windows at the top of the building.

Moscow has accused Ukraine of a host of drone attacks on its territory in recent months.

Earlier this month, Russia said Ukraine launched a drone attack on Moscow, forcing flights to be diverted from Vnukovo International Airport. Ukraine did not claim responsibility.

And in May Kyiv denied carrying out a drone attack on the Kremlin, which Russia said amounted to an attempt on President Vladimir Putin's life.

Monday's attack comes just a day after Russia targeted Odesa with missile strikes, destroying the historical Transfiguration Cathedral.

Unesco, the UN's cultural agency, said it was "deeply dismayed and condemns in the strongest terms" the attack on the historic centre of Odesa.

"They will definitely feel this," he said during his nightly address from Kyiv. "The target of all these missiles is not just cities, villages or people. Their target is humanity and the foundations of our entire European culture."

The Ulster Defence Regiment (UDR) was a British Army unit that operated in Northern Ireland for 22 years from 1970.

It was mainly involved in patrol and checkpoint duties.

About 250 serving or former members were killed during the Troubles by the IRA and other republican groups.

Many of the victims were part-time members of the regiment, murdered while off-duty either at home or at work.

The UDR was overwhelmingly Protestant in make-up.

UDR troops being inspected at Ballykinler in 1992

In its early days, it had up to 18% Catholic membership but suffered an early image problem with nationalists, who saw it as absorbing too many former B Specials, a largely Protestant reserve police force.

About 40,000 people served in its ranks over its lifetime.

A minority of its personnel - soldiers by day and paramilitaries by night - were directly involved in sectarian murders.

Others provided loyalist groups with weapons and intelligence.

Documents uncovered in the National Archives have revealed the government was aware of collusion from 1973.

State papers that emerged in 2016 also indicated that the public image of the UDR was widely discussed by the government in the 1970s and 1980s, with arguments being made for a tougher vetting procedure.

President Erdogan's powers have increased dramatically since he first led Turkey in 2003

President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has been in power for more than 20 years and he is favourite to win five more, having narrowly missed out on a first-round victory.

Turkey is a Nato member state of 85 million people, so it matters who is president both to the West and to Turkey's other partners including Russia.

Mr Erdogan's opponent in a second-round run-off on 28 May is Kemal Kilicdaroglu, who was backed by six opposition parties and won almost 45% of the vote - some 2.5 million votes less than his rival.

Turkey has become increasingly authoritarian under President Erdogan and this was the opposition's biggest chance yet to defeat him, with Turks struggling with soaring inflation and reeling from twin earthquakes that have left more than 50,000 people dead.

Whoever wins the vote on 28 May will win the presidency.

His AK Party has been in power since November 2002, and he has ruled Turkey since 2003.

Although Turkey's 64 million voters are deeply polarised, the 69-year-old leader has an in-built advantage over his rival.

Mr Erdogan's allies control most mainstream media, to the extent that state TV gave the president 32 hours and 42 minutes of air time and his challenger just 32 minutes, at the height of the campaign in April.

Monitors from the international observer group OSCE said there was an unlevel playing field and biased coverage in Turkey's vote, even if voters had genuine political alternatives.

Initially Mr Erdogan was prime minister, but he then became president in 2014, running the country from a vast palace in Ankara. He responded to a failed 2016 coup by dramatically increasing his powers and cracking down on dissent.

Leading Kurdish politicians have been jailed and other opposition figures threatened with a political ban.

But this election was the opposition's biggest hope of unseating the president yet.

Increasing numbers of Turks have blamed him for rampant inflation of 44%, and academics say the real rate is far higher than that.

He and his ruling AK Party were widely criticised for their response to the double earthquakes in February that left millions of Turks homeless in 11 provinces.

And yet most of the cities which are considered Erdogan strongholds still gave him 60% of the vote.

His party is rooted in political Islam, but he has forged an alliance with the ultra-nationalist MHP.

Kemal Kilicdaroglu, 74, is an unlikely choice of candidate to unseat the president.

He is seen as a mild-mannered and bookish opponent and presided over a string of election defeats at the helm of the main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP).

He polled well in the first round, taking Mr Erdogan to his first run-off, but not as well as the opinion polls had indicated he would.

Mr Kilicdaroglu secured the backing of six opposition parties, including the nationalist Good party and four smaller groups, which include two former Erdogan allies one of whom co-founded the AK Party.

Kemal Kilicdaroglu has agreed that the leaders of his alliance will all share the role of vice president

He also has the support of Turkey's second-biggest opposition party, the pro-Kurdish HDP, whose co-leader described the elections as "the most crucial in Turkey's history".

His biggest hope of snatching victory from a president buoyant after his first-round lead lies in increasing the support of both nationalist and Kurdish voters. A difficult feat when Turkey's nationalists want the next president to take a tougher line on Kurdish militants.

In the lead-up to the second round, he made a clear pitch to nationalist voters, banging his fists on the table and vowing to send home 3.5 million Syrian refugees. This was already his policy, but now he has decided to make a big point of it.

Kemal Kilicdaroglu's selection was not universally popular as the mayors of Istanbul and Ankara were potentially stronger candidates. Both are party colleagues who took control of Turkey's two biggest cities in 2019 for the CHP for the first time since 1994.

He is also a member of Turkey's Alevi minority, and when the opposition candidate drew attention to his roots Mr Erdogan accused him of seeking to exploit it.

His Nation Alliance, also known as the Table of Six, are united in their desire to return Turkey from the presidential system created under Mr Erdogan to one led by parliament.

The leaders of the other five members of the alliance have agreed to take on the roles of vice-president. But even if they were to win the presidency, the Erdogan alliance won a majority in parliament on 14 May and would make reforms very difficult.

Turnout in the first round was already very high at almost 89% among voters in Turkey.

If Mr Kilicdaroglu is to make up the 2.5 million votes between him and President Erdogan, he will need to win over voters who backed ultranationalist candidate Sinan Ogan who came third in the first round with 2.8 million votes.

That task was made even harder when Mr Ogan endorsed the president.

His demand is for a tougher stance on tackling Kurdish militants and returning Syrian refugees.

Mr Kilicdaroglu had already adopted a more strident tone on Syrians since the first round, promising to "send away" all refugees as soon as he came to power.

Reacting to Mr Ogan's decision to back his rival, he said the vote was now a referendum: "We are coming to save this country from terrorism and refugees."

President Erdogan said he had made no deals with Mr Ogan: 450,000 refugees had already returned home and the plan was to send back another million, he said.

The ruling AK Party of Recep Tayyip Erdogan has forged an alliance with the nationalist MHP and together they have secured a majority of 322 seats in the 600-seat parliament, down on five years ago.

Parties tend to form alliances because they need a minimum of 7% support to enter parliament.

The six-party opposition wants to change that but its Nation Alliance only managed 212 seats.

The pro-Kurdish party ran under the banner of the Green Left to avoid a potential election ban, and came third with 61 seats.

Under the Erdogan reforms, it is now the president who chooses the government, so there is no prime minister.

Under Turkey's revamped constitution allowing only two terms as president, Mr Erdogan would have to stand down in 2028 if he won the 28 May run-off. There are currently no plans for a successor.

He has already served two terms but Turkey's YSK election board ruled that his first term should be seen as starting not in 2014 but in 2018, when the new presidential system began with elections for parliament and president on the same day.

Opposition politicians had earlier asked the YSK to block his candidacy.

Under an Erdogan presidency, Turkey can expect increased control of state institutions and the media and a greater crackdown on dissent. Inflation is likely to remain high because of his preference for low interest rates.

Internationally, he could continue to resist Sweden's bid to join Nato and will paint himself as a mediator between Ukraine and Russia.

Mr Kilicdaroglu and his allies want to remove the president's right to veto legislation, cutting the post's ties to political parties and making it electable every seven years.

He wants to bring inflation down to 10% and send 3.5 million Syrian refugees home. President Erdogan has promised to speed up the voluntary repatriation of a million Syrians.

Mr Kilicdaroglu also wants kickstart Turkey's decades-long bid to join the European Union and restore "mutual trust" with the US, after years of fractious relations during the Erdogan years.

Elton John told his millions of fans on Saturday night that they would remain in his "head, heart and soul", concluding his marathon farewell tour in Stockholm with one of his biggest hits - Goodbye Yellow Brick Road.

The 76-year-old singer has won five Grammy awards in a spectacular career spanning 50 years and nearly 4,600 performances worldwide.

"It's been my lifeblood to play for you guys, and you've been absolutely magnificent," he told the audience at Sweden's Tele2 Arena.

Elton John paid an emotional tribute to his current band and crew, some of whom have been touring with him for many years.

"They're really incredible," he said, "and they are the best, I tell you, the best."

He kicked off his show with Bennie and the Jets, and went on to perform many other hits, including Philadelphia Freedom, Tiny Dancer, Rocket Man and Candle in the Wind.

His Farewell Yellow Brick Road tour began in North America in 2018, and this was his second night performing in Stockholm.

The tour spanned the globe - he played to more than six million fans, and one of the highlights was his headline slot at the Glastonbury Festival last month.

That concert drew one of the biggest crowds in the festival's history and a British TV audience of millions.

His gig in Stockholm included a video message from Coldplay, who were performing in the Swedish city of Gothenburg at the same time.

The band's Chris Martin told Elton: "From all the bands and artists you've helped and inspired, we love you so much.

"We are so grateful for everything you've done for the Aids Foundation, anytime you've been kind to anybody," he said.

It is one of the highest-grossing concert tours ever: Billboard magazine reports that it is the first to reach ticket sales of $900m (£701m).

Elton reflected on his life towards the end of this grand finale, telling the audience about his "52 years of pure joy playing music".

He confirmed he would "never be touring again", but he may do a "one-off thing" in future.

"I want to appreciate my family, my sons, my husband, everything. I've earned it," he said.

He dedicated his song Don't Let The Sun Go Down On Me to his band, crew and family. The concert lasted more than two hours.

All pictures are subject to copyright.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: After Saturday's storms, what can we expect for the next few days?

Thunderstorms have hit parts of the UK as a hot weather warning remains in place for regions across England.

Heavy showers followed a humid start for many areas on Saturday, with afternoon temperatures approaching 30C in parts of the south-east.

A Met Office yellow thunderstorm alert, which covers most of England and Scotland, has been in place since 09:00 BST and warns of potential flooding.

Rain also disrupted play at both Wimbledon and the men's Ashes.

Earlier this week, the UK government's Health Security Agency and the Met Office issued a yellow heat-health alert for six regions in England: London, the South East, East Midlands, West Midlands, East of England, and Yorkshire and the Humber.

The alert, which is due to last until 09:00 on Sunday, was soon followed up by warnings of heavy showers, thunderstorms and potential flash flooding.

The Met Office's yellow thunderstorm warning took effect in parts of England, Scotland and Wales at 09:00 on Saturday and lasts until 23:59. A separate warning has been issued for the whole of Northern Ireland for Sunday, from 10:00 until 21:00.

Generally a Met Office yellow warning for thunderstorms means there is a small chance homes and businesses could be flooded quickly and communities cut off by floodwater, while public transport risks being cancelled in affected areas.

At-risk areas will most likely be across east Wales, England and into south-east Scotland, according to BBC Weather's Simon King.

The storms will be quite localised but "could be nasty" if you get caught up in one, the forecaster said, with torrential rain, lightning, hail, gusty winds and the risk of some localised flooding all possible.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Lincoln, in the East Midlands, York in the north-east of England and Carlisle, which sits on the border with Scotland, had all experienced thunder and rain by midday on Saturday, according to the Met Office.

In Scotland, those attending the second day of TRNSMT music festival in Glasgow were warned to expect warm spells of 24C alongside high winds and thundery downpours.

On Friday, it was announced the Tiree Music Festival, usually held off the west coast of the country, could not go ahead due to gale force winds.

Further public events have been impacted by the weather in England - two major sporting events in particular.

Showers disrupted play at Wimbledon, south-west London, but they should ease later this afternoon with increasing sunshine expected into this evening, BBC Weather's Simon King said.

As the sixth day of the tennis tournament got under way, some of the early matches - which began at 11:00 - were suspended after heavy rain began to fall on the outside courts.

At the men's Ashes, in Headingley, Leeds, play could only begin at 16:45 after persistent rain hampered proceedings on the third day of the cricket series.

Sunday will be a drier day for most of the UK, however there will still be some showers around with sunny spells in between, BBC Weather's Stav Danaos said.

There is a chance of rain across south-east England and East Anglia in the morning and some of this could be thundery as it pushes north-eastwards, he said.

The forecaster added that the main focus of the heavy showers and thunderstorms on Sunday will be across Northern Ireland.

It is expected to feel cooler and fresher with less humidity across the UK compared to Saturday.
• None How do the new heat-health alerts work?

Liam Holden was 19 when he was arrested and convicted of a soldier's murder

It happened almost 40 years ago, but Liam Holden can still recall the sensation of gasping for breath as water was slowly poured on to a towel covering his face.

"That feeling will never leave me," he says.

"Even talking about it now, I get a gagging sensation in my throat."

He was 19 at the time and was being questioned by members of the Parachute Regiment about the murder of a soldier, Private Frank Bell.

He died three days after being shot in the head as he patrolled in the Springfield Avenue area of west Belfast in September 1972.

The teenage chef was taken from his home and brought to an army post at Blackmountain school, where he was held for almost five hours.

By the end of his time in military custody, he had agreed to sign a statement admitting he had shot the soldier.

"By the time they were finished with me I would have admitted to killing JFK," he says.

So what did the Army do during that time? Liam Holden says he was subjected to sustained torture and then threatened that he would be shot if he did not confess to the killing.

"I was beaten and they told me to admit I had shot the soldier, but I said that wasn't true because I didn't.

"Then six soldiers came into the cubicle where I was being held and grabbed me. They held me down on the floor and one of them placed a towel over my face, and they got water and they started pouring the water through the towel all round my face, very slowly," he says.

"After a while you can't get your breath but you still try to get your breath, so when you were trying to breathe in through your mouth you are sucking the water in, and if you try to breathe in through your nose, you are sniffing the water in.

Liam Holden says those who forced him to sign the confession knew he was innocent

"It was continual, a slow process, and at the end of it you basically feel like you are suffocating. They did not stop until I passed out, or was close to passing out.

"They repeated that three or four times, but were still getting the same answer. I told them I had not shot the soldier."

Mr Holden, now a father of two, said the soldiers then changed tactics and put a hood over his head and told him he was going to be shot.

"They put me into a car and took me for a drive and said they were bringing me to a loyalist area," he said.

"I couldn't see where I was but I was in a field somewhere. One of the soldiers put a gun to my head and said that if I didn't admit to killing the soldier that they were going to shoot me and just leave me there.

"I had a hood over my head and a gun at my head in the middle of a field and was told I would be killed if I didn't admit it. There were no ifs or buts, I just said I did it.

"I didn't think about going to prison or anything like that, I just confessed to make them stop."

The term "waterboarding" was not in use at the time, but Mr Holden's description of what happened to him, which he outlined in court at the time, are remarkably similar to the accounts of others who claim to have been subjected to the same form of torture by the CIA in recent years.

Although Mr Holden had an alibi for the time of the shooting, and the only evidence against him was the confession he said he had been forced to sign, he was convicted.

"They knew I did not shoot that soldier, they knew. There was no evidence whatsoever apart from that statement that I signed," he says.

He was released from prison in 1989 after serving 17 years. Since then, he has campaigned to clear his name and the Criminal Cases Review Commission, which was established to investigate possible miscarriages of justice, referred his case to the Court of Appeal.

The commission took the decision based on new evidence and doubts about "the admissibility of reliability" of his confession.

Some of the new material included evidence discovered by a Guardian journalist, Ian Cobain, that water torture was used by the British military at the time, despite repeated denials. The journalist was an expert witness for Mr Holden's legal team.

Last month, Mr Holden was granted permission to appeal after the Public Prosecution Service said it would not oppose the move. A spokesman for the PPS said its decision was based on confidential evidence compiled by the Criminal Cases Review Commission which had not been available to prosecutors at the time of the trial.

"The court of trial was therefore deprived of relevant material that might have led to a different outcome on the question of the admissibility of the incriminating statements, which were the sole basis of the conviction," the spokesman added.

"In those circumstances the director concluded that it would not be appropriate to oppose the appeal."

Liam Holden said he lost his family as well as his liberty during those 17 years in jail.

"I have five brothers and five sisters, but I don't really know them. The older ones moved on, got married and had their own families while I was in jail. The ones who were younger than me when I was sent to prison didn't get the chance to get to know me."

His mother died a year after he was released, and his father a short time later.

"I'm just sorry they aren't around to see the outcome of this appeal, to see the stigma removed from my name. That is what this is about. I have never mentioned money at any stage. This is just about being found not guilty and that's all it is, that is more important than any compensation they could ever think of offering me."

What about the soldiers who tortured him and forced him to sign the confession that led to his conviction?

"I would just like one of them to admit it, to acknowledge that they subjected me to what I have said they did. I think that would be almost as good, in my own mind, as the judge saying 'Sorry Mr Holden but you were not guilty," he said.

Polls have now closed in the Northern Ireland council elections, with counting of votes to begin on Friday morning.

Voters cast their ballots to decide who should represent them on Northern Ireland's 11 councils.

A total of 807 candidates are competing for 462 seats.

The first ballot boxes are expected to be opened at about 08:00 BST on Friday, with counting anticipated to continue into Saturday.

About 1.4 million people were eligible to vote in the election, which was originally due to take place on 4 May but was delayed due to the King's Coronation.

It is only the third election to 11 so-called super councils in Northern Ireland.

Groom Pat Campbell (far right) and part of his wedding party called at the polling station at St Patrick's Primary School in Clonoe, County Tyrone, on the way to his marriage ceremony

It was also only the second time in 26 years that Northern Ireland held a standalone council election - normally they are run alongside polls for Stormont or Westminster.

Voters used the single transferable vote (STV) system, the same as that used in Northern Ireland Assembly elections.

People ranked candidates in numerical preference, marking their ballot 1,2,3 and so on for as many or as few preferences as they want.

Candidates are then elected according to the share of the vote they receive.

To find out who stood in your area, type your postcode into the bar below.

A modern browser with JavaScript and a stable internet connection is required to view this interactive. Opens in a new browser tab More information about these elections Is there an election in my area? To provide you with information on local candidates and where to vote the BBC sends your data to the Electoral Commission. Data privacy notice To find your council candidates and polling station

The number of candidates is slightly down from the 819 people who put their names forward for the previous council elections four years ago.
• None All you need to know about NI council elections

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Kirsten Dunst opens up about the Hollywood gender pay gap

Hollywood star Kirsten Dunst has said she grew up at a time when there was "major pay disparity" between herself and her male co-stars.

She said she was paid less than male co-stars, even though she had more box office success, with films such as Jumanji (1995) and Bring It On (2000).

"I was very young and it just felt like at the time, what do you do?" she said.

"I was 17, I was still learning my taste in film. I didn't even think to ask," she added.

Dunst has previously referred to the pay gap between her and actor Tobey Maguire, who she starred alongside in Spider-Man in 2002, as "very extreme".

Alex Garland, who directs Dunst in his latest film, Civil War, agreed it had been a major issue but "nobody questioned it, male executives didn't question it, these were all inherited opinions. They weren't thought about."

Dunst plays a war photographer documenting the United States in the grip of conflict and falling apart.

The star says the dystopian movie is "very much a warning" about what can happen.

The film "leaves people with so much to think about" and "is a very moving, realistic piece about journalists", the actress adds.

Dunst, 41, says it is refreshing her character is the lead in an action film and not a "damsel in distress".

She drew inspiration for the role from the famed war correspondent, Marie Colvin.

The actress plays a war photographer in her new film, Civil War

In the film, US government forces are fighting the separatist "Western Forces" led by Texas and California.

The civil war of the film's title appears to have been sparked by the president, played by Nick Offerman, who has ripped up the constitution by serving a third term in office (no-one is allowed to serve as president more than twice).

Parallels have been drawn to current US politics and events such as the 6 January insurrection, when supporters of Donald Trump attacked the Capitol Building in Washington DC.

But Garland, who also wrote the film, says the themes are not just about the US.

"The film is set in America but really this film is about two things. It is about journalists and it's about polarisation. Populist politics and polarisation which lead to extremism and extremist thinking."

Garland, who wrote 28 Days Later and Ex Machina, adds: "That's happening in America but it's happening here in this country [the UK] and it's been happening here for a long time and it's happening across Europe, the Middle East, Asia. I could list the countries where that would be true."

He adds that journalism is "under attack" which he finds "strange, scary and dangerous".

"You get people saying 'Do not trust the BBC' and you will be in places where you would be attacked and criticised for saying the unbiased news reporting organisation that you belong to."

The director says he was trying to showcase "old fashioned journalists" who document what is happening, without bias or opinion and leave other people to interpret what they do.

Alex Garland wrote and directed the film while Nick Offerman stars as the president

The film has garnered largely positive reviews, with The Telegraph's Robbie Collin awarding it five stars.

"Civil War moves in ways you'd forgotten films of this scale could," he wrote, "with compassion for its lead characters and a dark, prowling intellect, and yet a simultaneous total commitment to thrilling the audience at every single moment.

"Each leg of the journey toggles between pin-drop suspense and rivetingly frantic firefights, often staged with a mesmerisingly surreal edge."

Empire's John Nugent, giving it four stars, added: "It never lets up, always gripping, always pummelling your senses, always ghoulishly compelling. Whatever your response to its political prevarication, this is undeniably confident, intense, sweaty-palmed filmmaking at the highest level."

But the Guardian's Adrian Horton was less keen, awarding it three stars overall. Civil War is "decidedly anti-war but firmly unspecific", she said, "assiduously avoiding any direct correlation to current politics or, it turns out, any politics at all".

"The distance," she concluded, "makes for an at times frustrating watch - stimulating on the level of adrenaline, not emotions."

Dunst grew up in front of the camera, beginning her career when she was three years old.

She says pay disparity isn't the only issue when it comes to sexism in the movie industry.

One of Dunst's leading roles in her early 20s was in Sofia Coppola's 2006 Marie Antoinette biopic.

She played the titular role and says the movie "was panned" by film critics.

"The people that were watching that movie were my age, they weren't movie reviewers. Movie reviewers were old men. So to me, the people that enjoyed Marie Antoinette have now grown up and are like 'We loved this movie' but they weren't the people writing the reviews.

"We grew up in a world where it's man-kind, man-made, man this, man that, that's how we grew up."

But Dunst does think times have changed: "Hopefully, the way I carve my path will help other actresses."

Civil War is released in the UK, US and Canada on 12 April.

The then Prince Charles meets fishmonger Pat O'Connell at the English Market in Cork in 2018

As King Charles III prepares to take to the throne he also takes on another legacy left over by his mother.

Queen Elizabeth II's 2011 trip to the Republic of Ireland is often seen as a turning point in Anglo-Irish relations.

Will her son continue those steps in reconciliation and what has his relationship been with the Republic of Ireland?

Marie Coleman, professor of 20th Century history at Queen's University Belfast, said that rather than building on his mother's legacy he is "continuing his own legacy of building those good relations".

"The Queen's visit didn't happen in isolation. The groundwork had been laid by the man who is now King Charles," she told BBC News NI.

Queen Elizabeth II and President Mary McAleese at Áras an Uachtaráin in Phoenix Park, Dublin 2011

Before the Queen's visit to the Republic of Ireland in 2011, King George V's visit in 1911 was the last by a British monarch.

During that century-long gap there were seismic events that strained an already complicated relationship - Irish independence, partition and, in the latter part of the 20th Century, the Troubles.

Prof Coleman said "the ice between the Irish and the British royals" had been broken by Charles himself when he visited the Republic of Ireland in 1995.

It was the first official visit by a British Royal Family member since Irish independence.

"I'm not convinced that enough credit is given to him for that particular visit," said Prof Coleman.

In many ways King Charles III has a had a closer personal relationship with Ireland than his mother did.

As Prince Charles he has come on private visits as a personal friend of the Duke of Devonshire of Lismore Castle in County Waterford.

He was also co-patron with Irish President Michael D Higgins of the Institute of Irish Studies at the University of Liverpool.

There have been huge changes in Ireland since Charles' great-grandfather King George V visited Maynooth, County Kildare

"He has one of the closest relationships with Ireland, certainly in the last decade, than any monarch I can think of in recent centuries," said Prof Coleman.

Since his 2015 Mullaghmore visit he has been a regular visitor.

As soon as Covid restrictions were lifted he was back visiting in 2022 - with a trip to Tipperary.

"I would not be surprised if the Republic of Ireland was high on his agenda for some sort of significant visit early in his reign," added Prof Coleman.

The royals paid a visit to the Rock of Cashel in 2022

As Prince Charles he made a meaningful trip in 2015, visiting Mullaghmore in County Sligo where his great-uncle was murdered in 1979.

The IRA detonated a bomb on a fishing boat at Mullaghmore, killing Lord Mountbatten, his 14-year-old grandson, Nicholas Knatchbull, and 15-year-old Paul Maxwell.

The Dowager Lady Brabourne died the day after the attack.

"We know that he (Mountbatten) was a formative influence on the prince in his in his early years, so that must have been quite a significant emotional blow to him," said Prof Coleman.

The visit was a significant milestone - the then prince was the first senior member of the Royal Family to visit the scene of the attack.

During that visit he also met Gerry Adams, then president of Sinn Féin.

Speaking at the time, he said: "At the time I could not imagine how we could come to terms with the anguish of such a deep loss, since for me Lord Mountbatten represented the grandfather I never had.

He said the island of Ireland had "more than its fair share of turbulence and troubles" and "those directly affected don't easily forget the pain".

Then Prince Charles and his wife Camilla with Timothy Knatchbull whose twin brother died in the bomb which killed Lord Mountbatten

"So I suppose in some ways, maybe that trip brought him some closure," said Prof Coleman.

"But it is representative of the way in which the Troubles affected not just people on the island of Ireland or people from Britain who are affected, but it it affected the Royal Family and the King himself in a very personal way," she added.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. "It seemed as if the foundations of all we held dear in life had been torn apart irreparably" - Prince Charles

The invite and acceptance list for the Coronation shows signs of how far Anglo-Irish relations have come.

Prof Coleman said the attendance of the President of Ireland is significant.

"The Irish Free State when it was still a dominion refused to go in 1937. The Republic of Ireland was not represented in 1953 so it's quite an important departure for the Republic of Ireland also."

Even more significant is the presence of Sinn Féin vice-president Michelle O'Neill - who has accepted an invitation to attend the coronation.

"It's even an advance on Sinn Féin's position last September, at the time of the death of the Queen, where they drew a distinction between attending events which marked the passing of the Queen, and not attending events which mark the accession of the new King," said Prof Coleman.

"So it looks like their position has even developed from that," she added.

However, the academic said that much of the progress made in Anglo-Irish relations has been affected by Brexit.

Brexit - the UK's departure from the EU - saw it leave a union once shared with Ireland.

It also raised questions of sovereignty, identity and borders.

Has the drawn-out departure and protracted negotiations over the Irish border and trade put extra strain on relations between the two governments?

Prof Coleman said the process had "damaged those good relations which the Queen had done so much to forge particularly during that visit in 2011".

Ronan Kanda was mistaken by his murderers for his friend

Two 17-year-olds have been sentenced for stabbing a 16-year-old boy to death in a case of mistaken identity.

Ronan Kanda was murdered close to his home in Wolverhampton after he visited a friend's house to buy a PlayStation controller in June 2022.

A trial heard his attackers, one of whom had just collected knives bought online, mistook him for his friend.

Prabjeet Veadhesa will serve a minimum term of 18 years and Sukhman Shergill a minimum of 16, the court heard.

Before passing sentence at Wolverhampton Crown Court, the judge, Mr Justice Choudhury, lifted reporting restrictions on naming the teenagers.

He made the decision in part to send out a strong message about the seriousness of knife crime, he said.

Ronan's mother, Pooja Kanda, said she had lost a lifetime of dreams and ambitions

The court was told Veadhesa was owed money by Ronan's friend and intended to confront him on 29 June 2022.

The judge said it was a "tragic coincidence" they saw Ronan leave the house where their intended victim lived and assumed he was the boy they were looking for.

He was just yards away from his family home, but was attacked from behind as he listened to music on headphones.

Earlier in the day, Veadhesa had collected a ninja sword set and a large machete from a local post office after buying them online using a fake name.

The court heard Shergill carried the machete but Ronan was stabbed twice with the sword by Veadhesa and died at the scene.

He suffered a 20cm-deep wound in his back and hip area, and a 17cm-deep wound in his chest.

The pair fled after they realised they had attacked the wrong person, dumping their weapons and clothes.

Ronan's parents and sister as well as other supporters wore "Justice for Ronan" T-shirts at Wolverhampton Crown Court

Many of Ronan's family, who were in the courtroom wearing "Justice for Ronan" T-shirts, sobbed as tributes were read during the hearing.

Ronan's mother, Pooja Kanda, read out a personal statement and said she replayed the last time she saw her son alive in her mind every day.

"I have lost a lifetime of dreams, hopes and ambitions," she said. "He was the son that every mother needs."

Addressing the defendants, who both looked at the floor as she spoke, she told them "your evil actions have taken my son's life" which left her with "nothing but hatred for this world".

His father, Chander Kanda, said the death of his son had destroyed his life.

Ronan's sister, Nikita Kanda, said she was "no longer the same person" and added "my world has stopped, I feel empty and I'm just surviving".

Although Shergill, from Willenhall, did not inflict any blows, a jury found he acted in the joint enterprise of his murder and convicted both teenagers after a five-week trial.

In defence of Veadhesa, from Walsall, Adam Morgan said his client was of good character and was "genuinely remorseful".

Timothy Hannam KC, defending Shergill, said his client should be treated more leniently as "Veadhesa was the one who actually killed Ronan".

West Midlands Police described it as an "unbelievably callous and shocking case of mistaken identity".

Follow BBC West Midlands on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: newsonline.westmidlands@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Antony Blinken, who arrived in Beijing on Sunday, is the highest-ranking member of President Joe Biden's administration to visit China

US Secretary of State Antony Blinken held "candid" talks with his Chinese counterpart at the start of two days of meetings with officials in China, the US state department says.

Mr Blinken emphasised the need for diplomacy and keeping "open channels of communication", a statement added.

His trip is the first by a top US diplomat to China in almost five years.

A planned Blinken visit in February was called off after a suspected Chinese spy balloon flew in US airspace.

US officials say the main goal of the Beijing talks is to stabilise a relationship that has become extremely tense.

China's Foreign Minister Qin Gang told Mr Blinken that Beijing was committed to building a stable, predictable and constructive relationship with the US, state media said. US officials said he had agreed to a visit to Washington at the talks.

Mr Qin said Taiwan was the "most prominent risk" for China-US relations and described the Taiwan issue as one of "China's core interests", state media said.

China sees self-ruled Taiwan as a breakaway province that will eventually be under Beijing's control, but Taiwan sees itself as distinct from the Chinese mainland with its own constitution and leaders. US President Joe Biden said last year that the US would defend Taiwan in the event of an attack from China, a move condemned by Beijing.

Mr Qin greeted Mr Blinken on Sunday morning at the Diaoyutai State Guest House, a lavish estate that typically hosts visiting dignitaries.

The two shook hands as they stood before their respective flags, then sat down with their delegations at long tables to begin their meetings.

The greeting was business-like, underscoring the chilly relations that have developed between the two superpowers in recent years.

The US had been lowering expectations for the trip and both sides have made clear they do not expect any major breakthrough.

The war in Ukraine, trade disputes over advanced computer technologies, the fentanyl drug epidemic in the US and Chinese human rights conduct are all topics the Americans were expecting to be discussed.

Chinese officials have reacted coolly to Mr Blinken's visit, questioning whether the US is sincere in its efforts to mend relations.

It is not clear whether he will meet Chinese President Xi Jinping.

Mr Blinken is the highest-ranking US government official to visit China since President Joe Biden took office in January 2021.

"If we want to make sure, as we do, that the competition that we have with China doesn't veer into conflict, the place you start is with communicating," Mr Blinken told reporters on Friday.

Later he said he hoped to meet President Xi in the next few months.

A meeting between President Biden and Xi Jinping in Bali in November briefly eased fears of a new Cold War, but since the balloon incident high-level communication between the two leaders has been rare.

After health inspectors considered closing a maternity unit over safety fears, the BBC's Michael Buchanan looks at a near-decade of poor care at East Kent Hospitals NHS Trust.

"I've been telling you for months. The place is getting worse."

The message in February, which I received from a member of the maternity team, was stark but unsurprising. In a series of texts over the previous few months, the person had been getting increasingly concerned about what was happening at the East Kent trust.

The leadership is "totally ineffective" read one message. "How long do we have to keep hearing this narrative - we accept bad things happened, we have learned and are putting it right. Nothing changes."

Friday's report from the Care Quality Commission (CQC) is unfortunately just the latest marker in a near-decade of failure to improve maternity care at the trust. The revelation that inspectors considered closing the unit at the William Harvey Hospital in Ashford comes nine years after the trust's head of midwifery made a similar recommendation for the same reasons - that it was a danger to women and babies. The failure to act decisively then allowed many poor practices to continue.

An independent review published last October found that between 2009 and 2020, at least 45 babies may have survived with better care, while 12 other babies and 23 mothers wouldn't have suffered harm if they'd received good maternity care.

Put simply, the trust has repeatedly failed to provide good care - and then failed to act when presented with evidence of poor care.

Consider the extraordinary deaths of two new mothers from herpes at two of the trust's hospitals, just six weeks apart in 2018. The trust told the families there was no connection between the deaths. There were. A BBC investigation three years later found they'd been operated on by the same surgeon, and that the trust had failed to test him for herpes despite being told to do so.

When those disclosures led to an inquest being ordered, the trust delayed its start for weeks by making last-minute legal arguments about wanting the coroner to put reporting restrictions on naming the surgeon, arguments it could have made months earlier, as it had been repeatedly discussed at previous hearings.

When the inquest took evidence, a consultant microbiologist at the trust, Dr Sam Moses, was reprimanded for allegedly coaching a colleague in how to respond to answers while another clinician was sitting in the witness box.

Dr Moses also admitted that he hadn't told one family about the connections between the deaths, despite being in a meeting in which the mother of one of the women who had died asked explicitly about a link. He told the court that "my role was to assist the trust. I didn't know whose responsibility it was to tell" about the connection.

At the heart of the trust's problems, it seems, is a dysfunctional culture that stretches back almost a decade. In 2015, a review of its maternity services by the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists found multiple problems, including consultants failing to carry out ward rounds, assess women or attend out-of-hours calls. The report was dismissed as "a load of rubbish" by the trust. A Maternity Improvement Plan, overseen by NHS England, was devised. However, by the end of 2019 fewer than a quarter of its action points had been completed.

Improving care is virtually impossible if colleagues don't get along. An Employment Tribunal decision, published in February, concluded that a "toxic and difficult working environment" existed at William Harvey Hospital's maternity unit where people were "shouted and sworn at over differences of professional opinion".

Olukemi Akinmeji, a black midwife, sued the trust for race discrimination and victimisation after colleagues "joked" that they should "check their bags" on her last day at the hospital. Ms Akinmeji, who worked at the William Harvey between 2018 and 2020, won her case.

The tribunal judgement described hearing evidence of a broken working environment and a foul-mouthed registrar that one former colleague described as "totally unprofessional". Since Ms Akinmeji left the trust, that doctor has been promoted to consultant, after apparently being told to cut out the swearing.

Three former staff have told the BBC there is a clique of senior midwives at the William Harvey, nicknamed by some as "the untouchables". They are described as "watching each other's backs", swearing, prone to talking disparagingly about both patients and colleagues. They've been working there for many years and are resistant to new working methods, and often, outsiders.

"It is the worst trust I've ever worked for," says one, "there is so much unprofessional behaviour". Another former staff member says,"midwives often left the end of their shifts in tears, or broke down during a shift. People felt they couldn't speak up - even the managers had their favourites."

In that context, it's little wonder that the CQC found low morale and low levels of staff satisfaction, particularly among maternity staff at the William Harvey. Last year's staff survey, recently published, found that on all nine measures rated - including "we are safe and healthy" and "we are always learning" - the scores from all maternity staff were significantly lower than elsewhere in the trust. Bear in mind that the trust's overall scores included some of the lowest scores of any trust in England.

It's not as if East Kent has been left alone to sort its problems out. NHS England has been all over the trust for years, overseeing improvement plans and sending, as it announced in 2020, "an expert team into the trust to ensure that improvements are made immediately". Asked why their effort hadn't improved maternity care, NHS England couldn't provide an answer but said they had helped them recruit more nurses and midwives.

In a statement to the BBC, the East Kent trust said it accepted it "was not consistently providing the standards of maternity care women and families should expect." But it says that in the past few years, it has "worked hard to improve services," including investing "to increase the number of midwifes and doctors" and to improve staff training.

On the final day of evidence in the inquest into the two deaths from herpes, in a different room in the same building, a pre-inquest review was taking place into the death of a 14-day-old boy in September 2022 at the William Harvey Hospital. Evidence heard at that hearing suggests that with better care, his death may have been avoided. The full inquest later this year will come to a final conclusion.

The baby's death, the CQC report and its actions at the herpes inquest show that East Kent's problem are deep-rooted and ongoing, and that multiple changes of various directors over many years have led to little discernible improvement.

Thousands of children with severe developmental disorders have finally been given a diagnosis, in a study that found 60 new diseases.

Children, and their parents, had their genetic code - or DNA - analysed in the search for answers to their condition.

There are thousands of different genetic disorders.

Having a diagnosis can lead to better care, help parents to decide whether to have more children, or simply provide an explanation for what is happening.

Taken individually the disorders are rare, but collectively they affect one in every 17 people in the UK.

The Deciphering Developmental Disorders study, conducted over 10 years in the UK and Ireland, was a collaboration between the NHS, universities and the Sanger Institute, which specialises in analysing DNA.

Among the findings, researchers discovered Turnpenny-Fry syndrome. It is caused by errors in one genetic instruction within our DNA and leads to learning difficulties. It also affects growth, resulting in a large forehead and sparse hair.

Jessica Fisher's son, Mungo - who took part in the study - was diagnosed with the syndrome.

At the time, he was one of only two people in the world to be diagnosed with it. The other child was in Australia, but Jessica recalls that the Australian child's physical similarities to Mungo were so strong they "could have been his sibling".

Jessica subsequently started an online support group, which is now made up of 36 families from around the world, including America, Brazil, Croatia and Indonesia.

"It's devastating to learn that your child has a rare genetic disorder, but getting the diagnosis has been key to bringing us together," said Jessica.

The study analysed the genetic code of 13,500 families with unexplained disorders - and was able to give a diagnosis to 5,500 of them.

The results, published in the New England Journal of Medicine, revealed 60 of those disorders were new conditions. Most were errors that had occurred spontaneously at conception, rather than being inherited.

Prof Caroline Wright, from the University of Exeter, told the BBC: "We were able to find new genetic conditions, which means that not only people in the study benefit, but there are huge benefits to future generations.

"Getting a genetic diagnosis is hugely important to families. It allows them to speak to other families who might be affected by the same condition, and hopefully target much more personalised management and ultimately treatment."

Around a quarter of children in the study had their treatment changed once a clear diagnosis was given.

This kind of genetic analysis is becoming more routine within NHS care.

The discovery of Turnpenny-Fry syndrome meant Dasha Brogden's daughter, Sofia, was diagnosed when she was just one month old.

Her diagnosis made everyone aware heart conditions were a possibility, and a scan led to Sofia - now aged nearly three - having surgery when she was two months old.

Dasha, from Oxfordshire, said: "For us, getting a diagnosis really helped us to understand what to expect. Compared to families who came before the condition had an official diagnosis, we were lucky.

The ICC's Karim Khan played an integral part in issuing the arrest warrant for Vladimir Putin in March

The International Criminal Court says it is "undeterred" by Russia putting its chief prosecutor on a wanted list.

It comes two months after the ICC's Karim Khan issued an arrest warrant for Russian President Vladimir Putin.

In a statement on Saturday, the court said the move was an attempt to undermine its "lawful mandate to ensure accountability for the gravest crimes".

Russia, which is not an ICC member, previously described the warrant against Mr Putin as being "void".

Mr Khan, a British lawyer, issued the arrest warrant for President Putin in March. It alleged he is responsible for war crimes, and has focused its claims on the unlawful deportation of children from Ukraine to Russia.

A warrant was also issued for Russia's child rights commissioner Maria Lvova-Belova on similar charges.

More than 16,000 children are thought to have been forcibly transferred to Russia from Ukraine since the war began, according to officials in Kyiv.

The ICC said at the time there were reasonable grounds to believe both Mr Putin and Ms Lvova-Belova bore individual criminal responsibility.

The Kremlin's investigative committee in turn announced this week that it would begin an investigation into Mr Khan for the "criminal prosecution of a person known to be innocent".

In a statement on Saturday, the Hague-based ICC said it was "aware and profoundly concerned about unwarranted and unjustified coercive measures reportedly taken against ICC officials".

Branding the measures "unacceptable", the court said it would not be prevented from continuing to "deliver on its independent mandate".

Mr Khan is yet to comment on the action against him.

Meanwhile, the special representative of the United Nations secretary-general for children and armed conflict, Virginia Gamba, came under separate scrutiny after she reportedly met with Ms Lvova-Belova in Moscow.

The Russian was quoted by Reuters news agency as saying the conversation was "constructive and sincere".

Rights groups and senior officials took issue, though, with some suggesting the meeting was inappropriate.

"Ukrainian victims deserve to see Lvova-Belova behind bars in The Hague, not meeting with high-level UN officials," Balkees Jarrah, associate director in the International Justice Programme at Human Rights Watch, said.

Last September, Ms Lvova-Belova complained that some children removed from the city of Mariupol "spoke badly about the [Russian President], said awful things and sang the Ukrainian anthem."

Some scooters were decorated in honour of The Specials singer

Hundreds of people have taken part in a scooter ride-out in Terry Hall's home city of Coventry to mark what would have been his 64th birthday.

Hall, singer with The Specials, died in December of pancreatic cancer.

Scooters were a symbol of the Two Tone scene of which Hall was an icon, at its peak in the late 1970s and early 1980s.

"The whole mods and rude boys, it all just amalgamated into one scene. They all rode scooters; they all looked sharp," said organiser Richard Willie.

Hannah Tobin, from the city, said the sheer number of scooters who turned out from all over the West Midlands had been "absolutely amazing".

"It was quite moving and brilliant seeing them all in convoy to remember him," she said.

People from scooter clubs wanted to pay their respects to Terry Hall

Suki Singh, who helped to organise the event, said many people had been in touch, asking to take part,

"We've had other clubs - CV Collective, All or Nothing, groups from Solihull, Kettering and Northampton - that all wanted to get involved and as soon as people found out about it - it just got sort of bigger and bigger," he said.

"Some things pass you by at the time but suddenly, years later, we realise how big Two Tone was, and a massive part was played, obviously, by The Specials.

The city's 2-Tone Village has music and stalls to raise funds for Tonic, a charity supported by Hall, that aims to help people's mental health and recovery through music.

People were moved by the number of scooter riders taking part

Parking in the village was affected

The top end of Marlborough Road became a scooter park for the day, affecting parking in some roads, the village said.

The Specials spearheaded the Two Tone and ska scenes, their music reflecting an era of upheaval, unemployment and racial tension.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Hannah This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

They split in 1981 but hits such as Ghost Town and Too Much Too Young ensured their legacy.

Hall went on to found Fun Boy Three, The Colourfield and Vegas, and also performed as a solo artist.

Terry Hall died in December aged 63 after being diagnosed with pancreatic cancer

The Specials reformed in 2008, featuring Hall, but without co-founder Jerry Dammers.

Mr Willie, who runs the Lounge Lizards Scooter Club, said Hall had "touched all of our souls".

"We all loved Terry Hall," said Mr Willie.

"When he died, we just wanted to do something to honour his legacy and all the music he made, which was a massive part of our lives."

Richard Willie organised the event, with The 2 Tone Café owners Angela and Alf Knight set to cater for the riders

Follow BBC West Midlands on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: newsonline.westmidlands@bbc.co.uk

We are pausing our live coverage of Travis King, the US soldier who crossed the border from South Korea to the North without authorisation.

It's still unclear why he fled to North Korea. Pentagon officials are investigating the incident, and have said his safety is Washington's top concern.

There has been radio silence from Pyongyang and behind the scenes, officials are desperately trying to open communication lines.

We've learned from local media in the last few hours that King served two months in a South Korean jail on assault charges and was released on 10 July.

His mum has also told US television that she couldn't believe what her son what had done, and wished he was home in the US safe.

Our writers on this page were Kelly Ng in Singapore and Ali Abbas Ahmadi in London, with editing by Ayeshea Perera and Joel Guinto.

Last updated on .From the section Women's Football

Scotland captain Rachel Corsie says the reaction to the scenes at the end of Arsenal's League Cup final win over Chelsea reflects the growing interest in the women's game.

Chelsea manager Emma Hayes and Scotland international Erin Cuthbert clashed with Arsenal boss Jonas Eidevall after his side won 1-0 in extra time.

The result ended Chelsea's hopes of a quadruple, though they can still win the Champions League, WSL and FA Cup.

"Probably some people feel all media's good media," said Corsie on the BBC's Behind the Goals podcast.

"I think it was a case that there were heightened pressures.

"It's drawn a lot of attention, which there probably is an element of it compounds the growth of the women's game - more people talking about it."

Eidevall said it was "irresponsible" of Hayes to refer to "male aggression" when asked about the altercation.

The Swede also had a brief altercation with Chelsea midfielder Cuthbert during the game, which he said arose because the teams had disagreed about whether there should be a multi-ball system when the ball went out.

"We would love for more people to be talking about football-specific things," added Aston Villa's Corsie.

"Next week it'll be something else. Everyone wants the best for the game."

Jodie Comer plays a barrister who defends people who have been accused of sexual assault in Prima Facie

Actress Jodie Comer abruptly walked off stage during a Broadway performance on Wednesday after saying she had trouble breathing due to wildfire smoke.

Comer's one-woman show, Prima Facie, continued after her understudy stepped in to complete the matinee performance.

Canada wildfire smoke has blanketed New York City in recent days.

A performance of Hamilton and several sports matches were postponed on Wednesday as residents were advised to stay indoors or wear N95 masks outside.

"Today's matinee of Prima Facie was halted approximately 10 minutes into the performance after Jodie Comer had difficulty breathing due to the poor air quality in New York City because of smoke from the Canadian wildfires," a spokesperson for the production told The Hollywood Reporter.

Understudy Dani Arlington replaced the Killing Eve star in the role of Tessa, completing the roughly 100-minute performance and earning an enthusiastic applause, a witness told Deadline.

The audience member told Deadline that after about three minutes into her performance, Comer coughed and called out to a stage manager: "I can't breathe this air".

Reports on social media and in Variety indicated Comer was helped off the stage by a member of the production team.

By the time the announcement was made that the actress would not return to the stage that afternoon, some members of the audience had reportedly left their seats, with many requesting new tickets for a future performance or for refunds.

On Twitter, one audience member wrote: "We came to see Jodie Comer. She started [the] show. Had to stop for air quality. Now want us to see understudy. What is refund policy? Exchange? We came and paid high price to see Jodie."

Comer pictured signing autographs for fans in New York after a recent appearance on The Late Show With Stephen Colbert

Comer, who hails from Liverpool in the UK, has received rave reviews for the show since its debut in April.

In Prima Facie she plays a barrister who defends people who have been accused of sexual assault, but is then herself attacked by a colleague.

Comer has been widely acclaimed for her performance in the play - she is nominated for best actress at this Sunday's Tony Awards and has already won an Olivier.

The British star, who has also appeared in The Last Duel and Free Guy, is due to continue playing the role on Broadway until 2 July.

Smoke from Canada has tinged the sky orange in New York and led to health warnings in parts of Canada and the US northeast.

The Environment Protection Agency has said the air quality in New York was "unhealthy", and citizens were warned to limit outdoor activity.

Wednesday evening's performances of Hamilton, at the Richard Rodgers Theatre, and and Shakespeare in the Park's Hamlet, were among the shows cancelled due to the poor air quality in New York.

Other venues to be affected included the Vineyard Theatre, which cancelled Wednesday night's performance of This Land Was Made.

The off-Broadway theatre said the cancellation was "in the interest of prioritising the health and safety of our audience members, performers, and staff".

Some parts of Canada have been evacuated. About 7,500 people have left Chibougamau, the largest town in northern Quebec and roughly 4,000 residents have fled the Cree town, Mistissini.

Zach Taylor, a US National Weather Service meteorologist, said the weather pattern meant smoke was being funnelled into the US.

He said the air should begin to clear after rain this weekend and early next week, adding further relief would come from containing or extinguishing the fires.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: How to keep safe from wildfire smoke

TS Queen Mary is currently berthed in Glasgow near the Science Centre

The restoration of a 90-year old Clyde steamer has been boosted by a £1m anonymous donation.

The money will be used to upgrade steel decks on TS Queen Mary in the hope it can carry passengers again.

The vessel, currently berthed at Glasgow's Pacific Quay, is the last turbine ship built in Scotland which is due to return to service.

The fundraising campaign to restore the vessel so it can sail again is now nearly halfway towards its £10m target.

Iain Sim, Chairman of Friends of TS Queen Mary said: "We are overwhelmed by the generosity of this individual. It delivers a massive boost to our fundraising endeavour which has caught the public mood across Britain and around the world.

"The individual who made such a substantial cash gift wishes to remain anonymous and we, of course, respect that request. But to say we are over the moon is putting it mildly."

TS Queen Mary carried thousands of passengers from Glasgow on "doon the watter" trips on the Clyde

In its heyday TS Queen Mary carried 13,000 passengers each week and was known as "Britain's finest pleasure steamer".

Because of her strong connection to Glasgow she was also affectionately known as "The Glasgow Boat."

The steamer was eventually retired in 1977 and spent several years as a floating restaurant on the Thames before being towed back to the Clyde in 2016.

Initially it was thought it might become a static attraction but two years ago, Princess Anne - who is Royal Patron of TS Queen Mary - announced plans to restore the ship to working order.

The steamer was named after her great-grandmother Queen Mary, who was the wife of King George V.

The late Harry Potter and Cracker actor Robbie Coltrane was an enthusiastic supporter of the restoration project, while Hollywood star Sam Neill is TS Queen Mary's "Commonwealth Patron."

TS Queen Mary was built in 1933 by shipbuilders William Denny in Dumbarton, for many years providing "doon the watter" trips from Glasgow to destinations such as Dunoon, Rothesay, Millport and Arran.

In 1935 it was renamed Queen Mary II at the request of Cunard White Star Line to release the Queen Mary name for the much larger liner that was being built at the John Brown shipyard in Clydebank.
• None Historic steamer to sail on River Clyde once again

Last updated on .From the section European Football

They said I was too old, I made the Premier League look old - Ibrahimovic AC Milan's Zlatan Ibrahimovic has retired from football at the age of 41, bringing to an end one of the modern era's most glittering careers. "I say goodbye to football but not to you," the Swede told the San Siro crowd after Sunday's last game of the season. Ibrahimovic had already announced he would leave the Italian club. He scored 511 goals for clubs including Paris St-Germain, Manchester United and both AC and Inter Milan, winning league titles in four countries.
• None How well do you know Ibrahimovic? Ibrahimovic began his second spell with AC Milan in early 2020, having won the Scudetto with them in 2011, and helped them win the title again last season. But he played only four times and started one match for the Serie A side this term - and scored one goal - following a series of injuries, and his contract was set to expire this month. "There are too many emotions for me right now. Forza Milan and goodbye," an emotional Ibrahimovic said, holding back tears. "The first time I came here you gave me happiness, the second time you gave me love. "You welcomed me with open arms, you made me feel at home, I will be a Milanista for the rest of my life." Ibrahimovic won 34 trophies - including 14 league titles - in a career that began in the last century, and was nominated for the Ballon d'Or 11 times. The one major club trophy that eluded him was the Champions League, with his only European title coming with Manchester United in the shape of the 2017 Europa League. The striker also retires as Sweden's all-time top scorer with 62 international goals in 122 matches. He quit the national side after Euro 2016 but returned in 2021 for their unsuccessful World Cup qualifying campaign. "I used to be scared when journalists asked by about my future, but now I can accept it, I'm ready," he told reporters after his announcement. "I've been doing this all my life. Football made me a man. It allowed me to know people I otherwise would never have known. I've travelled the world thanks to football. It's all thanks to football." The Swedish great was given a guard of honour by his AC Milan team-mates as he left the pitch Ibrahimovic started his professional career with hometown side Malmo FF in 1999 before moving to Ajax in 2001 for a three-year spell in which he won three league titles. A move to Italy followed in 2004 with Juventus, where he won two league titles, both of which were later stripped from the club as a result of the Calciopoli scandal. However, the Swede won three more Serie A titles with his next club, Inter Milan, before a move to Barcelona in 2009. Ibrahimovic spent only one season at the Catalan club, winning a La Liga title before being loaned to AC Milan, a move which was made permanent in 2011. A year later, however, and Ibrahimovic was on the move again, signing for Paris St-Germain, where he scored 113 goals in 122 league appearances and won four Ligue 1 trophies. In July 2016, he signed for Manchester United for a two-year spell with the Premier League club that saw him win the League Cup and the Europa League. Ibrahimovic signed for MLS side LA Galaxy in 2018, spending two seasons in California before making his return to AC Milan.
• None No small talk, no messages, just one kiss:
• None 'The shorter your sleep, the shorter your life': Joe Wicks learns why sleep is fundamental to our health

Lt-Gen Tsokov has reportedly died following a missile strike in Berdyansk

A senior Russian general has been killed in a missile strike in Ukraine, Russian sources have said.

Lt Gen Oleg Tsokov is said to have died in a strike on a hotel housing Russian military commanders in Berdyansk, on Ukraine's occupied southern coast.

Russia's defence ministry has not officially confirmed his death. But it was widely announced by Russian war channels on the Telegram messaging app.

TV host Olga Skabeyeva said "absolutely all media" were reporting it.

Lt Gen Tsokov was deputy commander of Russia's southern military district. Ms Skabeyeva who presents a talk show on the state-run Rossiya-1 channel said he was killed by a UK-supplied Storm Shadow missile.

Andrei Gurulyov, an MP and retired general who appeared on her popular 60 Minutes show on Tuesday, said the general had returned to Ukraine despite being badly wounded earlier in the conflict.

He was hit last September while commanding Russia's 144th Motorized Infantry Division in the Svatove area of occupied eastern Ukraine.

"Unfortunately, he died heroically. This man deserves huge respect," the retired general said.

Several Russian war accounts on Telegram also reported his death, including blogger WarGonzo and Military Informant, a channel with more than half a million followers.

In the absence of official comment from Moscow, military bloggers have previously proven an insightful source of information on the Russian side.

The BBC has not independently verified the death, which was also highlighted by Ukrainian officials.

Reports said he was caught up in a Ukrainian attack that destroyed a hotel accommodating Russian military commanders in Berdyansk, a city in the south-eastern region of Zaporizhzhia on the coast of the Azov Sea.

Images and video from various parts of Berdyansk have circulated on social media, but none show the exact site of the blast.

BBC Verify has confirmed that one photograph shows a column of smoke rising from the area where the Dune Hotel is located.

Some users said the hotel had been completely levelled, affirming earlier comments from the Berdyansk city military administration, currently operating from Ukraine-controlled territory.

Although there is no confirmation that a Storm Shadow cruise missile was used, the UK government said in May that it had donated an undisclosed number of the missiles to Ukraine.

The Storm Shadow has a range of over 150 miles (240km) - triple that of the missiles Kyiv had previously been using, making it much easier to launch precision strikes.

Ukraine has claimed attacks on Russia's military commanders in Berdyansk before, however, there was initially some doubt that Lt Gen Tsokov was there.

Russia's defence ministry had given no official announcement that he had been promoted from his role as commander of the 144th Motorised Infantry Division in eastern Ukraine, to deputy commander of Russia's Southern Military District.

The military district has a far larger remit, including areas of southern Russia as well as occupied areas of Ukraine. The defence ministry has either been slow to detail changes in command or it has simply avoided announcing them altogether.
• None Who are Russia's war bloggers and why are they popular?

Puffin numbers on Rathlin have gone down in recent years

Think of Rathlin Island and you most likely think of puffins.

But with numbers declining by 40% since 1999, the race is on to protect the colourful ground-nester from predators before the balance tips.

Now, in a world first, a new project will see ferrets and rats trapped to eradicate non-natives from the island.

After a year of preparation, 450 traps with wireless monitoring and 6,000 bait stations are being laid all over the island from this winter.

Ferrets are believed to have been introduced to Rathlin Island in the 1980s

The aim is to have all ferrets and rats removed by 2026, restoring the island to a safe haven for internationally significant breeding seabirds.

As well as puffins, there are razorbills, kittiwakes, Manx shearwaters, guillemots and fulmars.

Monitoring will continue beyond the five-year £4.5m the LIFE Raft project to maintain biosecurity.

Rats most likely arrived on boats more than a century ago.

But ferrets, voracious and efficient hunters, were released deliberately to control the rabbit population.

Both species quickly turned their attentions to the seabirds and their young.

They are now all over the island and RSPB warden Liam McFaul is worried that matters are at a tipping point.

He said without some control mechanism to control the predators, there could be a day when hardly any puffins will be left on Rathlin.

He has lived his whole life on the island and has monitored seabirds here for more than 30 years with the RSPB.

"I can't imagine the day that there wouldn't be any of these seabirds or a real big shift in numbers of the population.

"Rathlin's such a strategic and important nesting site for the seabirds because it's an off-shore island and in that case should be safe," he said.

A team of people, like conservation scientist James Crymble, has spent the year surveying the island and training in preparation for what is a mammoth undertaking.

"Rathlin is actually quite a big island and it's quite a diverse island as well, there's lots and lots of different habitats, different terrain. The weather's pretty mean and it's going be a huge job," he said.

"The best way to do it is to lay out a grid across the whole island."

That entails laying a trap every 250m, the range an individual ferret will cover.

Everywhere will need to be targeted, said James, including grassy ledges scattered down the cliffs - an undertaking that requires some extreme training.

"There'll be a huge amount, obviously abseiling, rope access skills, off-roading skills, all terrain vehicles, obviously first aid, things like that.

"By the end of it we'll be an elite force."

He added: "And all of that will take place during winter. So absolutely the worst time of year, really, for us walking around."

But winter is the best time to target predators, who will be getting hungry as their prey migrates from the island.

Protecting the seabird population is also about protecting people.

The economy on the island relies on thousands of visitors who come here every year for the wildlife.

The cliffs on Rathlin Island are thronged with sea birds

So while conservation like this - destroying one species to protect another - can be controversial, people on Rathlin are wholeheartedly behind the project.

"The island resident population have started to catch on to this," said Michael Cecil, chair of the Rathlin Development and Community Association.

"There's more and more interest from around the world, from scientific communities and other islands that are interested in similar things. So yeah, we're starting to pick up a bit of notice, more and more so and islanders are starting to talk about this project."

Similar projects have been undertaken on the Isles of Scilly, in the Shiants off Scotland and, most recently, on Gough Island in the south Atlantic

But this is the first time that ferrets will be targeted as part of a conservation effort like this.

"It's not cheap to get rid of these animals, but it's hugely beneficial for the wildlife here," said James.

"Nature is in crisis. We're looking at climate change. We're looking at overfishing at sea and this is the best way to really protect the island for future generations and just give them a bit of a buffer zone to face these overarching global problems."

It will take time for the populations to recover, but at the upside-down lighthouse that is home to Rathlin's Seabird Centre, Liam McFaul is hopeful.

"Seabirds are a very long-lived species and you're taking out the predators. You're not going to just immediately see next year lots and lots more birds, it'll take a number of years for them to build up.

"Rathlin is an internationally important mixed seabird colony. There's 150,000 guillemots and 22,000 razorbills, that's just literally breeding birds sitting on the cliffs.

"When you look on the sea, that's just peppered with birds and you look in the air, they're flying all over the place.

"So a census of these birds only takes consideration of what's sitting on eggs and on the cliffs. There's thousands and thousands more that's not counted.

"So lots and lots of monitoring will be done over the next few years, to see the changes from the predators being taken out."

PC Bettley-Smith's lawyer said of the events: "There's a huge difference between reading about it, and being there"

A PC's second set of blows to ex-footballer Dalian Atkinson on the night he was killed by her colleague was "wholly unjustified" and "outrageous", a disciplinary panel has heard.

Mary Ellen Bettley-Smith beat Mr Atkinson multiple times with her baton as he lay on the ground in 2016.

A criminal retrial last year acquitted her of actual bodily harm.

In a separate police hearing, she denies excessive force amounting to gross misconduct.

Mr Atkinson died after being tasered and kicked in the head by PC Bettley-Smith's West Mercia Police colleague, and romantic partner, PC Benjamin Monk, who was jailed for Mr Atkinson's manslaughter in 2021.

The panel, sitting in Telford on Thursday, heard how the PCs had responded to a 999 call, arriving to find Mr Atkinson outside his father's Telford home, appearing "in the grip of a psychotic episode".

The hearing was told how PC Bettley-Smith, 33, had initially hit Mr Atkinson three times with her baton.

With Mr Atkinson tasered and kicked by Monk, she struck the former Aston Villa, Ipswich Town and Sheffield Wednesday striker a further three times, telling the panel she was "looking over her right shoulder" to see back-up arriving.

Outlining the case against her, Dijen Basu KC said: "The second set [of blows] were wholly unnecessary, wholly unreasonable, wholly unjustified and above all, to use normal language, it was outrageous to do that in the circumstances.

"The man had just been kicked in the head, having been tasered, and dropped to the floor, and with other officers arriving."

PC Benjamin Monk was found guilty of the manslaughter of Dalian Atkinson but cleared of his murder

PC Bettley-Smith told the panel during her evidence on Wednesday: "I just remember what I perceived to be a really aggressive, hostile, growling [person] and just thought we had antagonised him even more by tasering him.

"I perceived him to be trying to propel himself to get up and proceeded to strike Mr Atkinson to the fleshy areas of his body to try and get him down and under control."

But the hearing previously heard that at least three different residents, watching from their windows, described how Mr Atkinson did not move once felled by the taser.

A joint medical report summary recorded Mr Atkinson probably hit his head on the road as he was grounded by a 33-second-long taser burst, and this was "likely to have caused concussion, exacerbated by any kick or kicks to the head" which would possibly have "deepened any loss of consciousness".

The report concluded it was "possible... he was too exhausted to move once the taser was turned off".

Dalian Atkinson died after being tasered by PC Bettley-Smith's partner, Benjamin Monk

In his closing arguments, Patrick Gibbs, Bettley-Smith's barrister, said: "To state the very obvious, this is a short incident, takes place in the dark, it was unexpected, violent.

"Although we examine it in calm and peaceful circumstances, unless you have ever been threatened with violence and had to face it, it may be it is hard to appreciate fully what it's like.

"There's a huge difference between reading about it, and being there."

The panel is set to deliver its finding on Friday, with PC Bettley-Smith facing the sack if the hearing finds against her.

Mr Atkinson started his football career at Ipswich Town, before moving to Sheffield Wednesday, Real Sociedad, Aston Villa and Fenerbahçe in the 1990s.

Follow BBC West Midlands on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: newsonline.westmidlands@bbc.co.uk

Rishi Sunak spoke to reporters on the plane trip to Washington DC

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has said he expects to discuss Joe Biden's flagship package of investment in green industries when he meets the president during his trip to the United States.

Travelling to Washington DC, Mr Sunak said "subsidy races" were not a solution to hitting climate goals.

Some British ministers have criticised Mr Biden's Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) as harmful to world trade.

The law includes $370bn (£297bn) to boost green technology in the US.

In a drive to cut carbon emissions, billions in tax credits and subsidies has been allocated to speed up the production of solar panels and wind turbines, and encourage the up-take of electric cars.

The European Union has described the law as anti-competitive, while earlier this year, Energy Secretary Grant Shapps said the package was "dangerous because it could slip into protectionism".

It is expected to be one subject of discussion when Mr Sunak meets Mr Biden for the fourth time this year, for talks at the White House on Thursday.

The prime minister's spokesman suggested Mr Sunak would also talk about boosting green tech, the war in Ukraine, and the regulation of artificial intelligence.

Downing Street said the prime minister would seek to boost economic security, bringing it into line with the level of UK-US co-operation on defence.

Mr Sunak began the formal events of the US trip on Wednesday by laying a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at Arlington National Cemetery.

Personnel from the US army, navy, marines, air force and coastguard formed a guard of honour.

The ceremony comes ahead of meetings with senior US politicians and business leaders, as well as the president.

Tensions over the global implications of Mr Biden's economic package have been building ahead of the visit, Mr Sunak's first official trip to Washington DC as prime minister.

The UK government has said it had no plans to emulate the scale of the US plans, prompting accusations from Labour that the UK could fall behind in a global race to attract future industries.

Mr Sunak's visit was made the day after the 79th anniversary of D-Day

During his flight to Washington, reporters asked Mr Sunak if there was anything Mr Biden could do to ease the economic impacts of his package on the UK.

"It's something that he [President Biden] and I have discussed in the past and you'd expect us to continue discussing it," Mr Sunak said.

When asked whether Mr Sunak accepted President Biden's argument that a resilient economy sometimes required a protectionist approach to key sectors, the prime minister referenced a joint statement issued by the G7 at the end of its latest summit in Japan.

The statement, he said, "makes it very clear that G7 countries don't believe in protectionism as the answer to this challenge and also don't believe in in subsidy races that are zero sum".

There have been reports his trip could see the two sides unveil a critical minerals pact that would allow British carmakers that export electric vehicles to the US to benefit from some of the tax credits offered to American firms.

The US signed such a deal with Japan earlier this year, and has entered into talks with the EU.

However, one area where progress has stalled is over a wider UK-US free trade deal, where President Biden has put talks on ice, leaving the UK to deepen trade ties through less comprehensive mini-deals with around 20 states.

Another area where Mr Sunak hopes to hold discussions is the regulation of artificial intelligence (AI), where Mr Sunak is seeking to carve out a role for the UK as a global player.

The prime minister is hosting a global summit on AI regulation in the autumn, and has reportedly expressed an interest in the UK hosting any new international regulator for the emerging technology.

However, the extent to which the UK will be able to shape new global rules outside the EU is unclear, with the UK now shut out of key gatherings between European and American regulators such as the Tech and Trade Council (TTC).

The two leaders will also discuss the war in Ukraine, which is expected to enter a decisive period soon, with signs a long-awaited counter-offensive from Ukrainian forces may have begun.

It comes after Ukraine blamed Russia for the collapse of the Kakhovka dam in Russian-held Ukraine, prompting the evacuation of thousands of people. Moscow has denied destroying the dam, instead blaming Ukrainian shelling.

Speaking to reporters on the plane to the US, Mr Sunak said it was "too soon" to make a "definitive judgement" on whether Russia was behind the attack.

But he said if Russia were found to be responsible, it would "demonstrate the new lows that we will have seen from Russian aggression."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. WATCH: "We feel so excited, we feel so happy"

A group of Ugandan children is on the verge of glory after reaching the final of hit UK talent show Britain's Got Talent, where they have won over the judges and the public with their dazzling dance moves and bubbly personalities.

They have already made history after becoming the first act to be given a "golden buzzer" by one of the judges before they had even finished their performance. This sent them straight through to Wednesday's semi-final, where they received most public votes, meaning they are now among the 10 acts taking part in Sunday's final.

The group of six children aged between six and 13 all come from impoverished backgrounds in the Ugandan capital, Kampala, where they were taken in and cared for by their guardian-turned manager Dauda Kavuma.

He told the BBC that he hopes their success can encourage other children living in similar circumstances.

"We feel so happy to keep doing this and to bring hope to all the children around the world who are in the ghetto, who are disadvantaged, who are less privileged - that they can make it in life."

While they are winning over a new audience in the UK, the Ghetto Kids are already a global internet sensation and performed at the 2022 World Cup in Qatar.

But one of the group, Priscilla Zawedde, 13, told the BBC that winning the TV show - and the £250,000 ($313,000) prize money - would mean "a bigger house for everyone".

Some 30 children currently share a five-bedroom house in Kampala, where they are looked after by Kavuma.

He set up the Inspire Ghetto Kids Foundation in 2007 to care for street children in the Kampala neighbourhood of Makindye and told the AFP news agency that having a bigger house would be a "dream" as the children would have more space.

They currently rely on donations from well-wishers, earnings from their social media posts as well as fees for live performances.

Kavuma also started life on the street before he was given a chance by a man who spotted him playing football and asked him if he wanted to go to school.

"He let me join his team and helped me pay my school fees. He was someone who helped me without knowing me. So from that day, I promised myself that when I grow up I'd hope to help a child one day," Kavuma told the BBC.

But he then switched to music, which he is now using to transform the lives of others.

"Most people thought street kids... have no value in society but I thought otherwise," he told AFP.

"I thought: 'What if I use music, dance and drama to transform the underprivileged in the ghettos?'" he says.

Akram Muyana, 13, told the BBC that dancing had always been his way of escaping reality after his father died.

"Whenever I dance, I feel so happy, and my stress goes away. I started going to churches to dance to get money to give my mother for her to buy me clothes and food."

This is the second generation of Kavuma's Ghetto Kids to have found global stardom - the first generation was discovered dancing to Ugandan singer Eddy Kenzo's "Sitya Loss" and went on to have millions of YouTube views.

Silvio Berlusconi recorded his message from his hospital room following a serious illness

Italy's former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi has told supporters he's ready to go back to work after a month in hospital.

The 86-year-old, who is suffering from leukaemia, was rushed into intensive care with a related lung infection but his condition has since stabilised.

There has been no word on when he might leave hospital.

In a video address from his room, Mr Berlusconi thanked his Forza Italia party members for their support.

"I never stopped, not even in the past few weeks," he said in the pre-recorded message, in which he appeared smartly dressed in a suit.

"I worked on the party's new structure and I'm ready to return to work with you and fight alongside you our fights for freedom."

Party members clapped enthusiastically at the end of the speech and some could be seen holding back tears.

The message was filmed on Friday after relatives and doctors stopped the billionaire media tycoon from being discharged out of concern he would try to attend the party's two-day convention in Milan, according to the Italian newspaper La Repubblica.

He spent two weeks in intensive care before being moved to a general ward in mid-April.

Forza Italia was founded by Mr Berlusconi and he remains its leader after serving four terms as president. The party is a junior member of Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni's coalition government but has been in decline in recent years.

Mr Berlusconi's latter years in power were overshadowed by sex and corruption scandals and he remains a divisive figure in Italian politics.

Earlier this year, he was finally cleared of bribing young showgirls to lie about his notoriously raunchy "bunga bunga" parties.

Mr Berlusconi was elected to Italy's upper house, the Senate, last September but has repeatedly required hospital treatment and is rarely seen in public.

His recent return to hospital caused concern in Italy and politicians from across the spectrum have wished him well.

Sir Keir Starmer met with new local Labour leaders on Tuesday to discuss his party's plans

Sir Keir Starmer has asked Labour councillors to focus on easing living costs to capitalise on the party's local election results last week.

The Labour leader credited a "single focus" on the issue during the campaign for its strong showing, where it gained more than 500 councillors.

The result, he added, gave new local Labour leaders a "duty to deliver".

Meanwhile, Rishi Sunak has insisted his five priorities remain the best way for the Tories to win back voters.

The prime minister is facing pressure to explain how he will improve the Conservatives' standing with voters ahead of the next general election, expected next year, after losing more than 1,000 councillors.

Labour won control of 22 councils last week, after running a campaign focused on increased costs for households amid soaring inflation.

These new Labour local authorities have now been tasked with drawing up "action plans" to lower living costs within the next 100 days.

At a meeting with new Labour council leaders earlier, Sir Keir said he was "absolutely convinced" the issue was behind his party's gains, adding it had consistently come up on the doorstep during the campaign.

Although councils have limited powers to change the economic forces behind rising prices, he said the plans could provide a "blueprint" for how his party could tackle the issue if it wins power nationally.

Ideas raised by local leaders at the meeting included "financial MOTs" to help people claim the maximum amount of tax credit, and acting as a co-ordinator for local groups offering support.

In a possible hint of the party's focus ahead of the next election, the councils have also been tasked with reviewing local housing and development policies.

Meanwhile, Mr Sunak has insisted that his promises to cut inflation, bring down NHS waiting lists and tackle small boats, are the best way to put his party back on track after the local election losses.

Some Conservative MPs have privately suggested Mr Sunak is likely to need to go beyond reiterating his five priorities - outlined earlier this year - to improve the Tories' fortunes.

But he doubled down on Tuesday, telling reporters during a visit that his priorities were "the right ones" to win back voters and "the country's priorities".

"I know that's not going to happen overnight, but what I can tell people is we are working day and night to make their lives better," he added.

Conservative MP Justin Tomlinson said the results were "devastating" for his party, and should serve as a "wake-up call for the party at all levels".

Speaking to Times Radio, he criticised the party's pitch to voters, adding it lacked a "coherent message" and it felt like it had "forgotten" to launch its campaign.

"Before we know it, we'll be heading into the general election, and we need to be back on the front foot," he added.

"We actually need to show that determination and that fight, and set out those tangible reasons why people should vote for what would be an unprecedented fifth term in office."

A number of workers at the RNLI have raised some concerns about sexist and bigoted behaviour at the organisation.

Internal surveys from 2021 and 2022 on the attitudes of staff and volunteers working at the UK lifeboat charity cite sexism and bullying.

The documents, first reported by the Times, have been seen by the BBC.

The RNLI told the BBC it was sorry to anyone who had faced "behaviours and actions that no one should have to tolerate" and "will act".

The organisation, which has more than 30,000 staff and volunteers, had about 3,600 survey responses over two years, mostly positive comments.

But the survey results show concerns also included "blame" culture, misogyny, being overworked, and a lack of space to openly call out inappropriate behaviour.

In the 2022 survey, one female respondent recounts being "repeatedly" called sexist terms by male colleagues.

"I have not once felt like the RNLI supports women or minorities," she said, adding that she would not recommend it "as an employer to anybody".

A comment in the previous year's survey described the level of sexism at RNLI stations and around the coast as "abhorrent".

"I have never been at a station/around a branch and not heard an inappropriate comment or joke regarding race, sex or sexual orientation".

Matters reported to senior members were "not dealt with effectively and timely," the person said, leading to some individuals getting away with "disgraceful behaviour".

A respondent to the 2022 survey said their mental health has been affected by many factors, including a lack of holding people to account, being overworked and "awful misogyny".

Bullying was mentioned in a number of survey responses. There were no specific examples given but a respondent to the 2022 poll talked about experiencing a "culture of bullying and harassment".

But colleagues were praised for being "caring" by many survey respondents, and one comment says the RNLI is "very inclusive of everyone and the relationships in the team make it a great place to work".

The RNLI's Code of Conduct says volunteers must not "participate in any form of inappropriate behaviour or activity", including bullying, harassment or unlawful discrimination.

Sue Barnes, RNLI's People Director, said: "We are sorry to our volunteers and staff who have faced behaviours and actions that no one should have to tolerate.

"There is no place for misogynistic, sexist, and non-inclusive behaviours at the RNLI and we are committed to taking action and tackling such behaviour."

She added that it has a "range of methods" members can use to report unacceptable behaviour, including a whistleblowing reporting line.

"We know we have more work to do to ensure we become the truly inclusive lifesaving charity we strive to be," she said.

Have you been affected by the issues raised in this story? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

A cache of classified US documents leaked online sheds new light on American intelligence gathered about other countries.

Images of the covert files have appeared on messaging app Discord since early March.

Complete with timelines and dozens of military acronyms, the documents, some marked "top secret", paint a detailed picture of the war in Ukraine and also offer information on China and allies.

Pentagon officials are quoted as saying the documents are real.

BBC News and other news organisations have reviewed the documents and these are some of the key findings.

The US believed the UN secretary general's stance on a key grain deal was undermining attempts to hold Russia accountable for the war in Ukraine.

Antonio Guterres was too willing to accommodate Russian interests, according to files which suggest Washington has been closely monitoring him.

Several documents describe private communications involving Mr Guterres and his deputy.

One leaked document focuses on the Black Sea grain deal, brokered by the UN and Turkey in July following fears of a global food crisis.

It suggests that Mr Guterres was so keen to preserve the deal that he was willing to give in to Russia's demands - a stance which was "undermining broader efforts to hold Russia accountable".

While the bulk of the leaked documents concern, in one way or another, the war in Ukraine, there are others that touch on a huge range of unrelated issues. Many of them shed light on some of Washington's global preoccupations.

Like the spread and purpose of Chinese technology.

The documents appear to have been printed out and folded before being photographed and posted online

Three documents based on intelligence from late February detail discussions among senior Jordanian officials over whether or not to shut the Chinese firm Huawei out of its 5G rollout plans.

Jordan's Crown Prince Hussein, in charge of the rollout, is said in the document to be worried about retaliation from China if they keep Huawei out.

Nor is this the only place where fears about Chinese technology are revealed

Another document marked top secret addresses China's "developing cyber-attack capabilities." It says these are designed "to deny, exploit, and hijack satellite links and networks as part of its strategy to control information, which it considers to be a key warfighting domain."

Newly discovered documents suggest Russian officials are at loggerheads over the reporting of casualties.

The main intelligence agency, the FSB, has "accused" the country's defence ministry of playing down the human impact of the war, the files show.

These findings show the extent to which the US agencies have penetrated the Russian intelligence and military.

One document, dated 23 March, refers to the presence of a small number of Western special forces operating inside Ukraine, without specifying their activities or location. The UK has the largest contingent (50), followed by Latvia (17), France (15), the US (14) and the Netherlands (1).

Western governments typically refrain from commenting on such sensitive matters, but this detail is likely to be seized upon by Moscow, which has in recent months argued that it is not just confronting Ukraine, but Nato as well.

Other documents say when a dozen new Ukrainian brigades - being prepared for an offensive that could begin within weeks - will be ready. They list, in great detail, the tanks, armoured vehicles and artillery pieces that are being provided by Ukraine's Western allies.

One map includes a timeline that assesses ground conditions across eastern Ukraine as spring progresses.

According to the Washington Post newspaper, one document from early February expresses misgivings about Ukraine's chances of success in its forthcoming counteroffensive, saying that problems with generating and sustaining sufficient forces could result in "modest territorial gains".

Ukraine's difficulties in maintaining its vital air defences are also analysed, with warnings from late February that Kyiv might run out of critical missiles.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: The Pentagon leaks explained in under 60 seconds.

Casualty figures are also listed. One slide refers to as many as 223,000 Russian soldiers killed or wounded, and as many as 131,000 Ukrainians.

Some Ukrainian officials have dismissed the leaks, suggesting they might constitute a Russian disinformation campaign. But there are signs of frustration and anger too.

One presidential advisor, Mykhailo Podolyak, tweeted: "We need less contemplation on 'leaks' and more long-range weapons in order to properly end the war."

President al-Sisi is said to have told officials to keep production of rockets for Russia secret - but an Egyptian official says the allegation is baseless

The Washington Post obtained access to another document from mid-February, where they found that Egypt had plans to produce 40,000 rockets for Russia in secret.

The Post said President Abdul Fatah al-Sisi told officials to keep production and shipment secret "to avoid problems with the West".

An official is quoted as saying he would "order his people to work shift work if necessary because it was the least Egypt could do to repay Russia for unspecified help earlier".

It is unclear what the earlier help refers to. In January, Reuters reported that Russia's share of Egyptian wheat imports had risen in 2022, offering one possible explanation.

There is no indication that Egypt - a recipient of US security assistance, worth around $1bn a year - went ahead with the proposed sale to Russia.

An unnamed official quoted on Egyptian news channels described the allegation as "utterly baseless" and said Cairo did not take sides in the war.

The Kremlin called it "just another canard" and the White House said there was "no indication" Egypt was providing lethal weapons to Russia.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Expert: US and Egypt ready to move forward after leak

A classified document, seen by the BBC, reveals that South Korea was torn about selling weapons for use in Ukraine.

The report, based on signals intelligence, details a sensitive conversation between national security advisers.

They are torn between US pressure to send ammunition to Ukraine and their policy not to arm countries at war.

One of the advisers suggests sending the shells to Poland instead, to avoid appearing to have given in to the US.

As part of a resupply deal last year, Seoul insisted that the US could not pass the shells on to Ukraine. Seoul has been reluctant to arm Ukraine, for fear of antagonising Russia.

The leak has triggered security concerns in Seoul, with opposition politicians questioning how the US was able to intercept such a high-level conversation.

The Post also found that Beijing tested one of its experimental missiles - the DF-27 hypersonic glide vehicle - on 25 February.

The missile flew for 12 minutes over a distance of 2,100km (1,300 miles), according to the documents.

Have you ever seen a "snow tornado"?

Michael Peterson was feeding his sheep on his croft in Shetland when he spotted the rare weather event following a hailstorm on Tuesday.

He told BBC Radio Shetland he was lucky to be in the "right place at the right time".

An Arctic blast continues to hit many parts of Scotland, with school closures in Shetland, Aberdeenshire and Highland.

We're drawing our live page to a close, but before we go let's take a look again at some of George Alagiah's most memorable moments on our screens:

Tributes have been pouring in from his colleagues at the BBC, friends elsewhere, and members of the public after a statement from his agent said he "died peacefully today, surrounded by his family and loved ones".

The BBC's director general Tim Davie has described Alagiah as "one of the best and bravest journalists of his generation".

Today's page has been edited by me and James FitzGerald and written by Emily Atkinson, Jacqueline Howard and Sam Hancock.

Rick Slayman (seated) pictured with his partner and team of doctors

The first man to receive a genetically modified kidney transplant from a pig has been discharged from hospital.

The 62-year-old was sent home on Wednesday, two weeks after the ground-breaking surgery at Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH).

Organ transplants from genetically modified pigs have failed in the past.

But the success of this procedure so far has been hailed by scientists as a historic milestone in the field of transplantation.

The news was shared in a press release on Wednesday by MGH, which is Harvard Medical School's largest teaching hospital in the US city of Boston.

In the release, the hospital said the patient, Richard "Rick" Slayman of Weymouth, Massachusetts, had been battling end-stage kidney disease and required an organ transplant.

His doctors successfully transplanted a genetically-edited pig kidney into his body over a four-hour-long surgery on 16 March.

They said Mr Slayman's kidney is now functioning well and he is no longer on dialysis.

In a statement, Mr Slayman said being able to leave hospital and go home was "one of the happiest moments" of his life.

"I'm excited to resume spending time with my family, friends, and loved ones free from the burden of dialysis that has affected my quality of life for many years."

In 2018, he had a human kidney transplant from a deceased donor, however it began to fail last year, and doctors raised the idea of a pig kidney transplant.

"I saw it not only as a way to help me, but a way to provide hope for the thousands of people who need a transplant to survive," he said.

The new pig kidney he received was modified by Cambridge-based pharmaceutical company eGenesis to remove "harmful pig genes and add certain human genes to improve its compatibility with humans," it said.

For the procedure, the hospital said it drew from its history as being behind the world's first successful human organ transplant - a kidney - in 1954, as well as research it had conducted with eGenesis on xenotransplantation (interspecies organ transplants) over the past five years.

The pig kidney was genetically modified to make it more compatible with the human body

The procedure was greenlit by the Food and Drug Administration, who offered a single Expanded Access Protocol - also known as compassionate use - that is used for patients with life-threatening illnesses to grant them access to experimental treatment.

The team behind the transplant hailed it as a historic step that can provide a potential solution to the world's organ shortage, especially to those from ethnic minority communities whom the shortage disproportionately affects.

"An abundant supply of organs resulting from this technological advance may go far to finally achieve health equity and offer the best solution to kidney failure - a well-functioning kidney - to all patients in need," said Winfred Williams, Mr Slayman's doctor at MGH.

According to data by US non-profit United Network for Organ Sharing, more than 100,000 Americans need a lifesaving organ transplant.

Meanwhile, the number of donors - deceased and living - in 2023 was just under 23,500.

It is estimated that 17 people die each day in the US while waiting for an organ, and kidneys are the most common organ needed for a transplant.

While this is the first pig kidney transplanted into a human, it is not the first pig organ to be used in an transplant procedure.

Two other patients have received pig heart transplants, but those procedures were unsuccessful as the recipients had died a few weeks later.

In one case, there were signs that the patient's immune system had rejected the organ, which is a common risk in transplants.

Politicians and not civil servants should make any "exceptionally difficult decisions" on Stormont's public finances, a union representing senior civil servants has said.

Permanent secretaries have been running Stormont departments since October due to the political stalemate at Stormont.

The FDA told the NI secretary they are tasked with "exceptionally difficult decisions" related to the budget.

It added that any cuts should fall on an "accountable, active politician".

A Northern Ireland Office (NIO) spokesperson said restoring the Executive was "the most immediate way of delivering local governance and prosperity".

"The UK government's priority remains to see restored devolved institutions in place to take the decisions and action needed to address the challenges facing Northern Ireland at this time," they added.

The Stormont Executive is not functioning due to a boycott by the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), which is opposed to Northern Ireland's post-Brexit trading arrangements.

However, with none of the nine government department ministers in place, the powers of civil servants are severely limited.

They can only implement policies previously agreed by politicians and their ability to react to changing circumstances is negligible.

Last month, BBC News NI reported that Stormont officials were planning for budget cuts of at least £500m in cash terms.

In a letter, first reported by the Belfast Telegraph, FDA general secretary Dave Penman said no civil servant had accepted their post with the intention of taking decisions "ought properly to be taken by democratically-elected ministers".

"The FDA is aware, from the statements you and local parties in Northern Ireland have made in recent days, that you expect to set an exceptionally challenging budget for Northern Ireland by the end of this week.

"FDA members who are accounting officers, and those who support them, are being tasked by you to implement this challenging budget, requiring exceptionally difficult decisions to be taken which fall far outside the scope of what should be decided by officials operating without the direction and control of a minister."

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Dave Penman This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The required financial decisions will be "significant and controversial" according to Mr Penman.

He added there is a "serious risk of causing detrimental impacts to the most vulnerable in society in Northern Ireland", including children and those relying on the health service.

Mr Penman asked Mr Heaton-Harris to legislate an amendment to the Northern Ireland (Executive Functions) Act 2022 to empower a Westminster minister to provide ministerial direction to civil service colleagues.

He said this will ensure decisions of a political nature "are taken at the right level, with suitable democratic accountability".

Northern Ireland Secretary Chris Heaton-Harris is likely to make the calls on spending totals for each department

Mr Heaton-Harris has not yet set a Northern Ireland budget for 2023-24 in the absence of an executive at Stormont.

School budgets have been hit already with the Department of Education axing "holiday hunger" payments and certain mental health services.

In March, the chancellor said his budget will mean an additional £130m for public spending in Northern Ireland over the next two years.

Typically, it would fall to politicians in the power-sharing government at Stormont to decide how any extra cash from the budget is spent.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Speaking to BBC News NI, the FDA's general secretary said civil servants feel it "is not appropriate" to be making any financial decisions as they are dealing with "very different territory" at the moment.

"Previously it was business as usual... look at previous decisions, there was a lot of precedent.

"The difference now is the scale of the budget cuts," he said.

Mr Penman added this is "not an ordinary spending round" and that the scale of decision making will be "unprecedented".

"The people of Northern Ireland, they will not know what's about to come in terms of budget cuts."

Mr Penman said the letter, which was sent on Friday, has yet to receive a response from Mr Heaton-Harris.

Rail workers are to strike next month after the RMT union rejected the latest pay deal from train operators.

RMT members will strike on 13 May, the day of the Eurovision Song Contest in Liverpool.

Train operators said they had been "blindsided" by the strike, and denied union claims they had changed their offer.

It follows train drivers' union Aslef calling strikes on 12 and 31 May, and on 3 June, the day of the FA Cup Final.

The offer by the Rail Delivery Group (RDG), which represents train firms, was aimed at ending the long-running dispute.

But the RMT union said accepting it would mean no further strike action could take place further down the line.

There had been ongoing discussions as the union and train firms tried to reach a deal.

Mick Lynch, RMT general secretary, said the (RDG), which represents the train companies, had "reneged on their original proposals and torpedoed these negotiations".

But Steve Montgomery, chair of the RDG Group said the union was "negotiating in bad faith, again denying their members a say on a fair pay deal, needlessly disrupting the lives of millions of our passengers, and undermining the viability of an industry critical to Britain's economy".

Workers at 14 train operators will now go on strike for 24 hours on 13 May.

Previous strikes had been called off when it was clear a new offer from the train firms was on its way.

The union had been considering the detail of the RDG's latest proposals.

They involved one year's pay increase that was dependent on the union agreeing to go into a "dispute resolution process" and, the industry would say, accepting the general principle of changes to working practices.

This would be followed by a second year's pay increase dependent on those reforms being negotiated at individual operators.

But the RMT has rejected the offer because it said it would not be able to call any more strikes if it accepted the first year's 5% pay increase.

The industry argues that has always been clear.

The union is currently balloting its members for another mandate for strike action lasting a further six months.

There were no train strikes in the diary this morning. Now there are four, some of them falling on the day of major sport and music events.

Any hopes the RMT's dispute with 14 train companies was close to being solved, have now been dashed. It's very much not over - unlike the dispute with Network Rail, which saw signallers and maintenance staff accept a deal in March.

The dispute with the train operators always looked harder to resolve than Network Rail, because of the changes to working conditions involved - the strings attached, from the unions' perspective.

There's more misery for passengers on the way - hitting confidence in railway travel again - and workers will lose more pay.

Train companies' separate dispute with the train drivers' union Aslef has never looked close to a resolution, and today it announced three more strike dates.

But today's announcement from the RMT was a surprise, and makes it hard to see how their dispute goes from here.

The RMT's strikes have less impact than they did when Network Rail was involved too. But right now, it looks like there's still plenty of disruption ahead.

The government has a significant role - it holds the purse strings. It has shown no sign recently of being prepared to allow the train companies to put more money on the table.

The last rail strike on 18 March meant only 40% to 50% of trains could run as workers across 14 train operators walked out.

The ongoing dispute has affected services since June last year.

How are you affected by the latest round of rail strikes? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Former US President Donald Trump has been consulting lawyers at Trump Tower in New York City as he prepares to face history-making criminal charges.

He has been under investigation over hush money paid just before the 2016 election to a porn star who says they had sex. He denies wrongdoing.

Extra security measures are in place with the authorities expecting protests outside the Manhattan court on Tuesday.

Mr Trump, 76, is the first ex-US president to face a criminal case.

"WITCH HUNT," the Republican wrote on his Truth Social platform shortly before travelling from his home in Florida to New York on Monday - a journey which drew blanket coverage across the US news channels.

On Tuesday morning, dozens of police and court officers, as well as Secret Service agents, are expected to escort Mr Trump through the streets of New York to the Lower Manhattan court complex.

The charges he faces will be disclosed in full at the hearing, which is scheduled for about 14:15 local time (19:15 BST). His lawyers have already said he will plead not guilty.

The former president is expected first to surrender at the office of Manhattan district attorney Alvin Bragg.

Once Mr Trump is fingerprinted and processed by officials, he is considered under arrest and in custody. He will then be arraigned in court - meaning the charges will be read out and he will plead.

Mr Trump has been under investigation over a $130,000 (£105,000) wire transfer by his former attorney, Michael Cohen, to adult film star Stormy Daniels before the 2016 presidential election.

Hush money agreements are not illegal, but the Manhattan prosecutor has been investigating whether business records were falsified in relation to the payment.

Mr Trump faces at least one felony charge in the case, according to US media. Other reports suggest there are about 30 counts in his indictment.

Media outlets lobbied Judge Juan Merchan to allow cameras inside the court, a motion that was opposed by Mr Trump's legal team because they said it would "create a circus-like atmosphere at the arraignment".

But on Monday night, Judge Merchan ruled that some press photographers will be allowed to take pictures for several minutes before the arraignment formally starts.

The former president is expected to be released on bail and to return to his Florida home Mar-a-Lago on Tuesday evening, where he plans to deliver remarks at 20:15 local time.

His trip on Monday lunchtime from Palm Beach to Manhattan was closely watched by millions.

Live trackers followed his plane - painted in red, white and blue with "Trump" in big letters on the side - throughout the nearly four-hour flight from West Palm Beach to LaGuardia Airport in Queens.

Anticipating his arrival, the intersection around Trump Tower - the former president's Manhattan residence - was thronged with New Yorkers and tourists alike.

Dozens of media crews had set up camp on every available corner while at least five news helicopters hovered high over Fifth Avenue.

Mr Trump waved at media and the crowd before walking in to the skyscraper under tight security, just after 16:15 local time (20:15 GMT).

He is understood to have spent Monday evening at Trump Tower consulting with legal advisers, a team that grew with the addition of Todd Blanche, a white-collar criminal defence lawyer and ex-federal prosecutor who previously represented onetime Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort.

Mr Trump's 2024 White House campaign has raised over $8m since news of the charges against him broke last week, according to his team.

At a news conference on Monday, New York City Mayor Eric Adams warned any potential "rabble-rousers" to "control yourselves".

Georgia congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene plans to hold a pro-Trump rally near the court on Tuesday.

Unlike the days preceding the Capitol riot in 2021 by Trump supporters, New York officials say they have not seen any influx of protesters to the city in recent days.

President Joe Biden, at an event in the state of Minnesota on Monday, told reporters he had no concerns about unrest in New York, saying: "I have faith in the New York Police Department."

With additional reporting from Kayla Epstein in New York

Do you have questions about Donald Trump's court hearing?

In some cases your question will be published, displaying your name, age and location as you provide it, unless you state otherwise. Your contact details will never be published. Please ensure you have read our terms & conditions and privacy policy.

Use this form to ask your question:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or send them via email to YourQuestions@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any question you send in.

China is pressuring Uyghurs living abroad to spy on human rights campaigners by threatening families back home, researchers say. Refugees and activists tell the BBC intimidating tactics are tearing communities apart.

"My dearest son," said Alim's mother as she flickered into view. "I didn't think I'd see you before I died."

Alim - not his real name - says he was overcome by the moment. The reunion over a video call was their first contact in six years, since he fled as a refugee to the UK.

But it was bittersweet: someone else was in control of the call. Like all Uyghurs - a mostly Muslim minority from north-western China - Alim's mother lives under intense surveillance and control. They could never call each other directly.

Instead, a middleman phoned Alim and his mother from two separate mobiles. He held the phone screens to face each other, so the pair could see wobbly images of each other - and hear muffled sound from the speakers.

Alim says they barely spoke, and spent most of the call in tears.

He doesn't know if the plain white wall he could see behind his mother was in her house in Xinjiang or an internment camp, where the Chinese government is alleged to have detained more than a million Uyghurs. China has long denied those charges.

But Alim says he knew this contact with his mother would come at a cost - because the man brokering the call was a Chinese police officer.

Uyghurs in China live under intense surveillance and more than a million have allegedly been detained in internment camps (file photo from 2019)

When the officer called again, he asked Alim to attend meetings of Uyghur human rights activists, gather intelligence and pass it back to the Chinese state.

"Whenever there was an anti-China protest in London, they would call me and ask who would be attending," says Alim, who shared with the BBC recordings of the phone calls requesting he work as a spy.

Alim was offered money, too, so he could try to befriend the leaders of campaign groups - many of them UK citizens - by taking them to restaurants and picking up the bill.

The officer suggested setting up a company as a front, in case suspicions were raised about his newfound wealth. Plenty of businesses had already been set up on behalf of others for that exact purpose, Alim was told.

The implied threat, that his family may come to harm if he refused, has left him in a vicious bind.

"They are using my family as hostages," Alim says. "I am living in a dark moment."

Watch more on BBC Newsnight on BBC Two at 22:30 on Monday 31 July, or catch up afterwards on BBC iPlayer

The tactics employed by governments to police their diasporas abroad are known as transnational repression.

Research suggests this particular kind - controlling access to family members in the home country through video calls, in exchange for compliance overseas - is commonly used by Chinese police.

Dr David Tobin at the University of Sheffield has conducted some of the most comprehensive research on the topic to date, with his colleague Nyrola Elimä. They have interviewed and surveyed more than 200 members of the Uyghur diaspora in several countries. He says all Uyghurs living outside China are victims of transnational repression.

"Family separation is the central tactic," he says. Even where phone calls are technically possible, relatives still living in China won't pick up, according to Dr Tobin. He says there is an assumption that calls will be monitored, and a fear that communicating freely will put them at risk.

Dr David Tobin says all Uyghurs living abroad are victims of transnational repression

This severing of family ties allows Chinese police to step in and offer tightly managed access - over video calls - as an incentive to comply, with the threat of repercussions for the family if they do not.

In the UK, Dr Tobin surveyed or interviewed 48 Uyghurs, from a population of about 400 people. Of those, two-thirds reported having been contacted directly by Chinese police - and pressured to spy, refrain from advocacy work, or stop speaking to the media.

And Uyghurs in the UK are far from the worst affected.

In Turkey, traditionally a safe haven for Uyghurs where 50,000 live in one of the largest communities outside China, 80% of the 148 of respondents reported similar threats from Chinese authorities.

Abdurehim Paraç arrived in Istanbul in 2014, having fled China a year earlier.

"Turkey was completely different to anything we'd experienced. We could travel wherever we wanted. The police didn't bother us," he says. "I couldn't believe such a life was possible."

But in the past few years, the picture has changed for Uyghurs in Turkey. Reports that police based in China have pressured people to spy on each other have filtered through the community, splintering their sense of camaraderie.

Abdurehim Paraç says Turkey was a safe haven for Uyghurs, but China's tactics are driving the community apart

In a video posted on Facebook, a young Uyghur man who appears to have been captured and beaten by his peers, offers a troubled confession - admitting to spying on behalf of Beijing. While the circumstances surrounding the scene are unclear, the footage has been circulated among the Uyghur community, and the man has been widely condemned online.

The accumulation of stories like these is having an effect, Abdurehim says.

"Young people are distancing themselves from Uyghur protests and meetings. They are worried that people there might be spies," he says. "China's plan is working."

Dr Tobin thinks Turkish authorities are aware of what's happening and have been slow to respond. "The more dependent a country is on investment from China, the more likely it is to cooperate or to turn a blind eye," he says.

Turkey is seen as having grown closer to China in recent years, and questions have been raised about its commitment to protecting its Uyghur community.

The Turkish government did not respond to a request for comment.

But China is not only targeting people in countries where it has economic supremacy.

Julie Millsap, a US-born activist who works with the Uyghur Human Rights Project in Washington DC, says China has tried to pressure her through her in-laws.

Julie Millsap, a US-born activist, says her husband's family in China faced police harassment for her work with Uyghurs

Her husband is Han Chinese, part of the country's largest ethnic group, and the two met in China before moving to the US capital in 2020.

After Julie began campaigning on behalf of Uyghurs, local police began dropping in on her extended family in China, saying they "wanted to be friends".

She and her husband received threatening messages from her sister-in-law's phone, suggesting Julie's children may end up "as orphans". "They weren't written in a language style that she used," says Julie, who suspects the police were instructing her to send them.

During a recent video call between her husband, in Washington DC, and his sister, in China, the police happened to stop by, allowing Julie to record the moment, and confront one of the officers directly.

"He stammered and asked us not to misinterpret his intentions," she says. The officer told her police were arranging visits to all local families with US relatives, in light of the "delicate" relationship between the US and China.

Julie Millsap confronted a police officer who dropped in on her sister-in-law in China

Julie recognises that a white American and a Han Chinese family are afforded a degree of safety that Uyghurs are not. "But we're still talking about police harassment, about threats, about a daily reality that is anything but good," she says.

She thinks it is alarming that Chinese authorities feel comfortable targeting foreign citizens and attempting to dictate their work.

The US government is beginning to address the problem formally.

In March, senators introduced the Transnational Repression Policy Act, listing a range of abuses including "coercion by proxy", which covers threats to family members overseas. If passed, the law would see the creation of a dedicated phone line to report threats, and prompt Congress to bring sanctions against perpetrators wherever possible.

Abduweli Ayup, a Uyghur rights campaigner based in Norway, thinks the US legislation would be a step in the right direction, but that Western governments should go further. Each time a case is reported to the authorities, questions should be lodged directly with the Chinese government, requesting assurance that family members are safe, he says.

"We are your citizens, your neighbours and your taxpayers. Our governments should take some responsibility," says Mr Ayup.

Dr Tobin recognises the complications inherent in tackling the issue. "Saying 'would you like to speak to your family?' isn't a crime. We know it's a threat. We know it breaks communities, and causes mental health problems and trauma, but it is not a crime on British soil," he says.

The UK Home Office says attempts to intimidate overseas critics are "unacceptable", that an internal review into transnational repression is underway, and all such incidents should be reported to law enforcement.

In a statement, the Chinese Embassy in London called the allegations of transnational repression "totally groundless". The Chinese government "protects Uyghurs and their communication with overseas relatives in accordance with the law", it said.

Alim chose not to report his case to the police, but confessed his predicament to a group of Uyghur rights activists in London.

One of the group's leaders told us the requests were very common, and posed challenges to the integrity of the community - but insisted their advocacy work would continue. In their experience, almost all advances from Chinese police are rejected.

Alim wrestled with the issue before reaching a decision. "I realised that betraying others for the sake of my family would mean selling out my nation, and I couldn't do that.

"If that was the price I had to pay, so be it." He too refused China's offer.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Conservation efforts have seen the number of red squirrels on Anglesey go from 40 to 1,000

Wales' red squirrels face being wiped out by a deadly virus unless a vaccine is developed, campaigners have warned.

The pox killed up to 80% of red squirrels over winter at one of just three sites where they can still be found in Wales.

Nearly 11,000 people have signed a petition calling on the Welsh government to fund vaccine research.

The Welsh government said it would look at "emerging evidence and opportunities to best support populations".

Invasive, non-native grey squirrels carry squirrel pox virus, but are not affected by it.

Dr Craig Shuttleworth, an honorary research fellow at Bangor University, said there were only about 1,000 red squirrels left in north Wales, mostly on Anglesey.

There are tiny populations at Treborth, near Bangor, and in the Clocaenog forestry near Ruthin, Denbighshire.

There is also a project to restore the squirrels to Ceredigion, but the numbers remain small.

"We've got 1,000 and believe it or not, that's a conservation success," said Dr Shuttleworth.

"When we started on Anglesey we only had 40, now we've got about 800, potentially a few more. But they are under threat, a massive threat."

There has been a successful programme to cull all the grey squirrels on Anglesey, to protect the reds, but this has proved almost impossible to repeat on the mainland.

Dr Craig Shuttleworth says squirrel pox is the biggest threat facing native red squirrels in Wales

It led to the Treborth red squirrels almost being wiped out in November and December after coming into contact with grey squirrels carrying the pox virus.

The virus rapidly develops in the reds, causing cuts, blisters and growths on the skin. It is highly infectious and kills them in about three weeks.

Dr Shuttleworth said "we don't need a grey squirrel to set foot on the island for pox to come here" as reds moved between Anglesey and Gwynedd on the mainland.

A red squirrel in Cumbria with lesions in his eyes and hands and that can barely eat - the virus is fatal to red squirrels

He is convinced a vaccine could help prevent further deaths and help rebuild the population across the UK.

According to the Red Squirrels Northern England group, there are now only 290,000 squirrels left in the UK.

"We are asking the Welsh government to take the lead, to be daring and to start funding vaccine research again," said Dr Shuttleworth.

A petition to the Senedd calling for the move has attracted 10,700 signatures, which means it will now be considered for a debate.

Work on a vaccine was under way at Scotland's Moredun Institute until funding dried up in about 2010.

Dr Colin McInnes, who led the original research programme, said there was "still quite a bit of work to be done", including how it would be delivered and how much protection it offered.

Those backing the vaccine bid believe it would be money worth spending, with Dr Shuttleworth estimating tourists coming to see the squirrels was already worth about £1m a year.

"What about the wellbeing value?" added Dr Shuttleworth.

Hugh Rowlands has been dubbed "The Squirrel Whisperer"

One person who knows more about this than perhaps any other is Hugh Rowlands, a retired Army veteran from Llangefni on Anglesey.

He has post-traumatic stress disorder after his time in the military and seeing the red squirrels at a nature spot has changed his life.

"It's very rewarding. It used to stop me getting in trouble with the law," he confessed.

"I come here maybe five times a week for hours on end and just sit with the squirrels and feed them.

"If a grey squirrel came in here and these squirrels disappeared, I would be absolutely devastated - there's no two ways about it."

Hugh has been able to capture scores of images of his beloved red squirrels

Hugh has now spent so much time in the area, the squirrels come out when they hear his voice, knowing food will follow.

It earned him the nickname "The Squirrel Whisperer of the Dingle" from the television wildlife expert Iolo Williams.

But he is sceptical: "I think it's this Welsh accent of mine they hear, and I just talk and talk and they come down."

Responding to the petition lodged with the Senedd, a Welsh government official said: "We welcome the important work being carried out by people to protect this vulnerable species.

"We have seen some positive progress for increasing numbers of red squirrels in Wales but there is much more to do."

Last updated on .From the section Man City

Manchester City have been crowned Premier League champions for the third successive season after title rivals Arsenal lost at Nottingham Forest.

The Gunners, top for the majority of the campaign, are four points behind City with only one game left to play after being beaten 1-0 on Saturday.

Pep Guardiola's side have won the title in five of the past six campaigns.

They also have a chance to claim the Treble, with FA Cup and Champions League finals to come next month.

Only Manchester United, in 1998-99, have previously achieved that feat - and it is their derby rivals whom City will meet at Wembley on 3 June, before facing Inter Milan a week later in Istanbul, where they will hunt a first Champions League triumph.

City will lift the trophy after they play Chelsea on Sunday (16:00 BST).

Captain Ilkay Gundogan - who has scored four goals in the past two league games - said: "The Premier League is without doubt the most demanding and competitive league in the world, so that tells you everything about what an achievement this is.

"To have won this trophy three times in a row and five times in six years is incredible. That quality and consistency helps sum up what Manchester City stand for and ensures the club will continue to strive for success going forward.

"It has been a season I will never forget."

City, champions for a ninth time in the club's history, had trailed Arsenal by eight points on 7 April, although they had played one game fewer than Mikel Arteta's leaders at that point.

It is only the fourth time that a team has been as many as eight points clear after at least 28 Premier League games and failed to win the title.

Only one team has ever had 69 points with 10 games remaining - as Arsenal did - and failed to win the title. That was Liverpool in 2018-19, when they finished on 97 points, one behind City.

But City have won 11 league games in a row - and dropped just two points from a possible 42 - to overhaul Arsenal and clinch the title with three games remaining.

"Arsenal have pushed us right to the limit," said full-back Kyle Walker. "They've been fantastic and full credit to them, but I think we just went on an incredible run, and we've managed to end up where we have now. They've had a few hiccups and we've managed to capitalise on that.

"It's the players we've got. We're a bunch of lads who have achieved so much over the last number of years and we understand the standards we've set."
• None 'An unstoppable juggernaut' - where will Man City dominance end?

City are only the fifth club to win three successive top-flight titles in England, following Huddersfield Town (1924-26), Arsenal (1933-35), Liverpool (1982-84) and Manchester United, who did it twice under Sir Alex Ferguson (1999-2001 and 2007-09).

It is also the third occasion Guardiola has managed to win three league titles in a row, having done so in La Liga with Barcelona from 2009-11 and in the Bundesliga from 2014-16 with Bayern Munich.

City's Premier League dominance of five titles in six seasons was last achieved by Manchester United between 1996 and 2001 - a period where they also won the Treble of Premier League, FA Cup and Champions League.

United also won seven titles in nine seasons between 1993-2001; as well as five titles in seven seasons between 2007-2013 - so City's current dominance is not unprecedented.

Before that, Liverpool in the late 1970s and early '80s enjoyed similar periods of league success.

City will complete their league campaign with away games against Brighton and Brentford, before resuming their Treble bid.

Their push for that achievement has been driven, in part, by Erling Haaland's remarkable goalscoring record since the forward joined from Borussia Dortmund last summer.

The 22-year-old Norwegian has scored 52 goals in 48 games in all competitions - including a record-breaking 36 goals in 33 Premier League appearances.

Haaland is just the second player in English top-flight history to score more than 50 times in all competitions - and the first to do so for 95 years.

He broke the Premier League record for goals in a season with his 35th at the start of March, which moved him one clear of Andy Cole and Alan Shearer - whose 34-goal tallies had come in a 42-match campaign.

The title win comes three months after City were charged by the Premier League with more than 100 breaches of its financial rules following a four-year investigation. The charges cover the period of 2009-2018, since the 2008 takeover by the Abu Dhabi United Group, led by billionaire Sheikh Mansour, a member of the Abu Dhabi royal family.

They are accused of effectively falsifying their accounts and artificially inflating sponsorship and commercial deals over a number of years to allow them to spend more but stay within Uefa and Premier League rules.

City said they were "surprised by the charges" but welcomed the "review of this matter by an independent commission to impartially consider" their case, which City said was supported by a "comprehensive body of irrefutable evidence".

City, who have always denied financial wrongdoing, said they "look forward to this matter being put to rest once and for all".

The club has been referred to an independent commission, which can impose punishments ranging from a fine and points deduction to expulsion from the Premier League. It is not known how long the process will take.
• None Our coverage of Manchester City is bigger and better than ever before - here's everything you need to know to make sure you never miss a moment
• None Everything City - go straight to all the best content

The UN says more than 2,000 people have been forced to flee violence between rival factions at a Palestinian refugee camp in Lebanon.

The clashes between Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas' Fatah movement and Islamist groups left 11 people dead, the UN says.

A ceasefire has now been agreed although gunfire was still being reported on Monday.

Established in 1948, the Ein el-Hilweh camp is the largest in Lebanon.

The UN says it houses more than 63,000 registered refugees, but some estimates say the population is higher.

The camp, situated near the southern city of Sidon, falls outside the jurisdiction of the Lebanese security forces.

It is left up to rival factions within the camp to maintain its security, but factional disputes are common.

The weekend's violence erupted on Saturday when a member of an Islamist group was killed, AFP news agency reports, quoting an unnamed source inside the camp.

Tensions continued to mount through to Sunday, culminating with the death of a Fatah commander, Ashraf al-Armouchi, and several of his aides.

A ceasefire agreed on Sunday soon broke down, and heavy fighting was again reported on Monday with gun and anti-tank fire echoing through the camp.

More than 40 people were injured in the clashes, including a UN aid worker, and two schools were damaged, the UN agency for Palestinian refugees (UNRWA) said.

A second ceasefire agreed on Monday after a meeting with the local MP appears to have improved the situation, although there are still reports of some gunfire.

The Palestinian presidency denounced the fighting, calling the security of the camps a "red line".

"It is not permissible for anyone to intimidate our people and tamper with their security," it said in a statement.

As well as the nine dead, Lebanese soldiers were also injured during the violence, the Lebanese army said.

The director of the UNRWA in Lebanon, Dorothee Kraus, said all the agency's operations in the camp had been suspended.

She called on "all parties to immediately return to calm and take all measures necessary to protect civilians, including children".

More than 479,000 refugees are registered with UNRWA in Lebanon, the agency says. About half live in the country's 12 refugee camps, which have "dire" living conditions, it adds.

You may also be interested in:

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Syrian refugees in Lebanon describe how living on aid is "eating us up inside"

The body of Jean Hanlon was recovered from the sea off Crete 14 years ago

A third investigation into the death of a Dumfries woman in Crete has ruled it was foul play but the case has been closed due to lack of evidence.

The body of Jean Hanlon, 53, was pulled from the water in Heraklion in 2009.

A post-mortem examination concluded she drowned but information later suggested there may have been a struggle.

Her son Michael Porter has said the latest ruling by Greek authorities was "infuriating" and called for the case to be reopened.

Neither the Greek Ministry of Justice nor the Hellenic Police have responded to the BBC's requests for comment on Ms Hanlon's death.

Speaking to the BBC's Good Morning Scotland programme, Mr Porter said: "To be told for a third time 'this isn't an accident, it is foul play, but there's just not enough evidence so we closed the case,' it's heart-breaking, it's frustrating and it's just infuriating.

"It changes you as a family."

Michael Porter, now 38, has called for the investigation into his mother's death to be reopened

At the time Ms Hanlon died she had been living in Crete for several years, working in bars and tavernas.

The mother-of-three's body was recovered from the sea off the Mediterranean island on 13 March, 2009, four days after she disappeared.

Although the initial post-mortem examination said Ms Hanlon drowned, information later emerged suggesting she suffered injuries consistent with a struggle.

For the last 14 years Ms Hanlon's family have campaigned for justice having been frustrated with the Greek police investigations.

Her case was reopened in 2019 following a television documentary but it failed to secure a breakthrough.

In 2020 the family issued a fresh appeal on the Greek equivalent of Crimewatch.

The third and latest investigation was reopened in 2021 by police dealing with organised crime - the family received their ruling in November last year.

Mr Porter said he was unsure of the timeline of the investigation but he said he believed police had done a good job.

The family say they know for sure that on the night of her death, Ms Hanlon was with a man in the port of Heraklion who had still not been traced.

"That's the million dollar question for us," Mr Porter said.

"If this man left on good terms and mum was still happy, alive, then why has he not come forward?

"Has he maybe for some strange reason not seen the news in 14 years, or is he not coming forward because he knows something?

"We know someone knows something and allies change over the years."

The youngest of three sons, Mr Porter said the search for answers has taken a "massive toll" on the family.

He has previously spoken about the financial struggle associated with loved ones dying abroad - and lack of support available to their families.

Despite the latest investigation failing to provide fresh leads, Mr Porter said he refused to give up hope.

"Over time you get hardened up and you start to worry what else can we do that we haven't already done over the 14 years," he said.

"We'll hold onto the fact that we've had two departments confirm to us that it wasn't an accident. It's something you're thrown into and you will fight until the end."

Zana Cousins-Greenwood said Harry Styles was "what you want him to be, which is lovely"

A horse trainer has told how she urged Harry Styles to "fake it to make it" when getting in the saddle for his latest music video.

In the video for Daylight, the singer rode a horse from Hertfordshire-based Stampede Stunt Company.

Handler Zana Cousins-Greenwood had to keep her experience secret after they met on set in Kent 14 months ago.

She said: "We trained him to ride, we trained him to look good and he listened."

Stampede Stunt Company said Harry Styles "took the time with everybody and learnt all the skills"

The former One Direction singer revealed he had never a ridden a horse to Ms Cousins-Greenwood and her team as they shared a lunch break together.

This meant Styles only had about 20 minutes of training before cameras started rolling.

"We said to Harry 'just look like you're confident on a horse - fake it until you make it'," Ms Cousins-Greenwood told BBC Three Counties Radio.

The Hemel Hempstead company has worked with many celebrities including Sir Anthony Hopkins and the late Paul O'Grady.

Usually, stars visit the training centre to practice. However, due to his busy schedule, the team met Styles for the first time on set at a circus outside a garden centre.

Stampede Stunt Company has been training horses for 20 years

Towards the end of the video, released on Wednesday, Styles rears the horse in slow motion while coolly holding eye contact with the camera.

"I'm pleased that the horse went nice and high, he can be lazy at times," said the trainer.

The Friesian horse, named Teake, was not initially meant to star in the video.

Harry Styles only received 20 minutes of training before filming started

Originally a horse named Carnival was chosen, with Teake brought along to the shoot to keep the white stallion company.

However, the the video's director preferred Teake and Carnival was forced to instead appear in the background of a shot.

Poppleguy has previously worked with the comedian and broadcaster Paul O'Grady

The firm also provided a parrot for the video shoot.

Poppleguy the parrot sits on Styles' shoulder as he feeds him a cashew nut.

Ms Cousins-Greenwood said that inclusion was unplanned because, although the parrot often features in music videos, he does not normally like to sit on people's shoulders.

"He's a little bit picky and he went straight on Harry Styles' shoulder, the sign of a good vibe," she said.

Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp us on 0800 169 1830

Oliver Dowden has replaced Dominic Raab as deputy prime minister and Alex Chalk is the new justice secretary

Rishi Sunak has appointed two close allies to the senior positions vacated by the resignation of Dominic Raab.

Oliver Dowden becomes deputy prime minister and Alex Chalk gets his first cabinet job as justice secretary.

Mr Dowden, as cabinet office secretary, already played a key role at the heart of the prime minister's administration.

But both men have long been close to Mr Sunak and it was no surprise when they re-entered government following the short-lived tenure of Liz Truss.

Like the prime minister, both were first elected to Parliament in 2015 and are firm friends with him - though, unlike Mr Sunak, both voted to remain in the EU in the Brexit referendum.

Mr Dowden, 44, ran Mr Sunak's leadership campaign last summer and Mr Chalk, 46, was one of his most enthusiastic supporters.

Mr Dowden had served as a junior minister under Theresa May, and at the cabinet office and as culture secretary under Boris Johnson, before he became Conservative Party Co-Chairman in September 2021.

But he resigned from Mr Johnson's cabinet on the morning after the party suffered by-election defeats in Wakefield, and Tiverton and Honiton, in June 2022, saying: "We cannot carry on with business as usual."

Within two weeks, Mr Johnson had quit as Tory leader.

In a tweet, Mr Dowden, MP for Hertsmere in Hertfordshire, said he was "deeply honoured" by his latest appointment.

For Mr Chalk - who like the prime minister attended elite private school Winchester - this is a significant promotion. He moves from the Ministry of Defence, where he was in charge of procurement.

He represents Cheltenham in Gloucestershire, but had a majority of just 981 over the Liberal Democrat candidate at the last general election.

As justice secretary, he will be no stranger to legal matters. A trained barrister, he is a former solicitor general for England and Wales, and has been prisons and probations minister.

He has described his new job as "a hugely important brief that upholds the values of our great country - the rule of law, justice for victims and the right to a fair trial".

Mr Chalk is the 11th person appointed to the post since the Conservatives took power in 2010.

With a reputation for being sunny, affable and unfailingly polite, the new justice secretary is very different to his predecessor - or at least the character described in Adam Tolley KC's report.

You might say they're Chalk and cheese.

These appointments say something about the prime minister's confidence too.

When he became prime minster last October, he made a point of keeping several former Liz Truss supporters in the cabinet - such as Therese Coffey, Sella Braverman and Alister Jack.

Six months on and with the Tory party in parliament in a state of comparative calm, he has used this moment to reward the ranks of Team Sunak and to buttress his premiership with loyalists.

Downing Street has also announced that Chloe Smith will cover as science secretary while Michelle Donelan is on maternity leave.

Ms Smith, who was work and pensions secretary under Liz Truss, is to stand down as MP for Norwich North at the next general election.

James Cartlidge has taken over from Mr Chalk as defence procurement minister, while his previous job as exchequer secretary has gone to Gareth Davies.

President Raisi (pictured) is an ultra-conservative close to Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei

Iran says Saudi Arabia has invited Iranian President Ebrahim Raisi for an official visit - just over a week since the countries agreed to restore diplomatic relations.

The invitation is said to have come in a letter from King Salman, but has not yet been confirmed by the Saudis.

The Middle East's recent history has been dominated by hostility between the two nations.

China brokered the thaw, which could reshape the region's geopolitics.

A senior Iranian official, Mohammad Jamshidi, tweeted about the invitation to visit the Saudi capital, Riyadh, saying Mr Raisi had welcomed it and "stressed Iran's readiness to expand co-operation".

Separately, Iran's Foreign Minister Hossein Amir-Abdollahian told reporters that the two countries had agreed to hold a meeting at foreign minister level, and that three possible locations had been proposed.

He did not name the locations, nor say when the meeting might take place.

The BBC's Middle East Editor, Sebastian Usher, says the recent improvement in bilateral relations, which came unexpectedly following days of talks brokered by China, appears to be building serious momentum.

Both have announced they will reopen embassies within two months and re-establish trade and security relations.

This development was cautiously welcomed by many, including the US and the United Nations, after previous attempts at reconciliation were unsuccessful.

Saudi Arabia cut ties in January 2016 after demonstrators stormed its embassy in Tehran.

That was after Riyadh had executed the prominent Shia Muslim cleric Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr, who was convicted of terror-related offences.

Since then, tensions between the Sunni- and Shia-led neighbours have often been high, with each regarding the other as a threatening power seeking regional dominance.

They have been on opposing sides of several regional conflicts, including the civil wars in Syria and Yemen.

Mr Amir-Abdollahian also said that Iran hoped steps would be made to improve ties with Bahrain, a close Saudi ally that followed Riyadh in severing diplomatic ties with Tehran in 2016.

"We hope that some obstacles between Iran and Bahrain will be removed and we will take basic steps to reopen the embassies," he said.

Bahrain has not responded to the comments, but earlier welcomed the Iran-Saudi agreement to restore diplomatic ties.

Iran has also expressed a willingness to resume or improve relations with other regional Arab rivals, including Jordan and the United Arab Emirates.

Following an hour-long stand-off, neighbours described hearing two rounds of gunshots

A 36-year-old woman who was shot at a house has died.

Armed police were called to the property in Priory Road in Dartford, Kent at 12:40 BST on 6 May after reports of gunshots.

A 29-year-old man remains in hospital in a critical condition after also suffering gunshot wounds.

Kent Police, which is now investigating the attack as a murder, said a trained negotiator tried to engage with a man inside the property.

Witnesses reported the woman had been "held hostage", and was shot after an hour-long stand-off with police.

The woman died in hospital in London on Monday.

Police said the injured man was being treated as the suspect and the shooting treated as an isolated incident.

The woman died two days after being shot in Dartford

Follow BBC South East on Facebook, on Twitter, and on Instagram. Send your story ideas to southeasttoday@bbc.co.uk.

Official photographs from the Coronation of King Charles III and Queen Camilla have been released.

Hugo Burnand, who also took their wedding portrait in 2005, captured the royal couple in their regalia shortly after Saturday's Westminster Abbey ceremony.

Group shots of senior royals and family members were also taken.

The striking images were captured in Buckingham Palace's Throne Room and Green Drawing Room.

The King is pictured wearing the Robe of Estate, the Imperial State Crown and is holding the Sovereign's Orb and Sovereign's Sceptre with Cross.

He is seated on one of a pair of throne chairs that were especially made for use at the 1902 coronation of King Edward VII.

Those chairs were also used by King Charles and Queen Camilla at Westminster Hall to receive addresses from the Speakers of both Houses of Parliament last year.

The Queen is pictured in the Green Drawing Room wearing Queen Mary's Crown and Robe of Estate.

King Charles III and Queen Camilla are pictured here with members of the working Royal Family

In a statement, the King expressed his and Camilla's "most sincere and heartfelt thanks" to all those who helped to make the Coronation weekend "such a special occasion".

To people who joined in the celebrations, the King said: "To know that we have your support and encouragement, and to witness your kindness expressed in so many different ways, has been the greatest possible Coronation gift."

King Charles added that he and his wife would now rededicate their lives to "serving the people of the United Kingdom, the Realms and Commonwealth".

These photographs are sending an unmistakable message. It's showing King Charles and Queen Camilla in the most formal trappings of royalty, wearing their robes and crowns, showing them taking their place in these historic roles.

It's the kind of official shot you'd see on the wall of a public building rather than in a family album.

The picture of Camilla is also making it clear that this is now Queen Camilla, no longer the Queen Consort.

The choice of who is in the group shot of the Royal Family is also symbolic. It says that the focus is limited to the "working royals", that core group who will carry out official duties on behalf of the King. It's not the extended family or any hangers-on, these are the royals we're going to see representing the new reign.

More than 12% of physiotherapy positions are currently vacant in Northern Ireland

Training places at Ulster University for degree courses in physiotherapy and other health specialities are to be cut, BBC News NI understands.

The Chartered Society of Physiotherapy in NI said it was expecting training places to be reduced after a budget briefing from the Department of Health.

The society expressed extreme concern, saying more than 12% of physiotherapy positions are currently vacant.

The Department of Health said the move is part of its attempts to save money.

In a statement, the department said it was making decisions on spending reductions with "great regret".

It added that it is in the impossible position of "having to fulfil conflicting responsibilities".

The department said it was "living within the budget, acting in the public interest and safeguarding services".

Civil servants have been tasked with running Stormont departments and managing public services in the absence of a devolved government, but they must stick to the budget published last month by Secretary of State Chris Heaton-Harris.

The Department of Health received the biggest allocation, but its budget of £7.25bn was similar to the amount it got last year.

That has been viewed as a difficult settlement because of the high rate of inflation and outstanding pay disputes involving nurses and other health workers.

The Chartered Society of Physiotherapy in Northern Ireland said: "The current political hiatus has created an intolerable situation for public services here and will add to the significant pressures already facing the health and social care system."

It added that although it did not yet have exact figures, it was "extremely concerned" by the anticipated cuts to number of physiotherapy undergraduate training places at Ulster University (UU).

The number of nursing training places is to be cut from September

"The health and social care service in Northern Ireland already has record numbers of workforce vacancies," the society said.

"Last year saw approximately 900 applications for roughly 100 training places for the physiotherapy course in [UU] Magee."

On Monday, the BBC revealed that the number of nursing training places is to be cut in September from 1,325 to 1,025.

The Royal College of Nursing's Northern Ireland director, Rita Devlin, described the move as an "act of destruction".

The department said it recognised the importance of staffing and was committed to 1,025 new nursing places.

This was the level in place before the New Decade, New Approach deal, which included provision for an extra 300 nurse training places each year to address staff shortages and concerns over safety.

But Ms Devlin said the news of cuts had left members "bewildered" with almost 3,000 vacant nursing posts in Northern Ireland.

"It is unimaginable that the Department of Health has been put in the position of having to cut the number of student nursing places for 2023-2024 because of the political and financial crisis in Northern Ireland," she explained.

Shanshan and her Taiwanese boyfriend have found themselves caught up in strained relations of their governments (file image)

Shanshan had never met anyone from Taiwan before January last year.

The 24-year-old, from Changsha City in central China, had also not really paid much attention to news about the self-governing island, which her country believes is Chinese territory and has promised to take one day.

But then she fell in love - she met her Taiwanese boyfriend playing online video games. They started chatting for hours, long talks during which she discovered he was "gentle and sensitive".

But even as Shanshan and her partner Guodong share sweet messages across the Taiwan Strait - preparing to meet her parents during the Chinese New Year festival - their governments are trading a ramped-up war of words in the run-up to Taiwan's presidential elections on Saturday.

China's President Xi Jinping has cast the decision at Taiwan's ballot box as a choice between war and peace. Under his leadership, Beijing has taken an ever sharper, firmer and often more aggressive tone towards the democratically-governed island, warning the world that it alone will decide how and when unification will happen.

However, despite regular military activities in the Taiwan Strait, President Xi has also repeatedly offered "peaceful reunification", while Beijing's Taiwan Affairs Office maintains that "both sides of the Taiwan Strait are one family".

But those most likely to listen to this message are its own people - not those living across the strait.

Taiwan sits just 68 nautical miles away from China's Pingtan island - just visible through binoculars

Shanshan and Guodong have very different views on the future of Taiwan.

"My boyfriend just wants to maintain the status quo and doesn't want independence or unification. But I support our country's position and hope for unification one day. We only discuss, we don't argue. The key is that we can't change these things, so we hope for positive developments," she says.

Their differing views have not affected their relationship. And yet, the issue has created very real barriers for the couple.

China banned "individual tourists" from visiting Taiwan in 2019. That means Shanshan cannot visit her partner's home or his parents, and she wonders if that will ever change.

But things are not much easier for Guodong when he arrives in China.

Shanshan has discovered that she and her boyfriend may share the same language, and her government says they are the same people, but he faces the same hurdles as many foreigners hoping to settle in mainland China.

The administration and paperwork involved for either one of them to stay with the other for any length of time is substantial. Paying for most things involves the need to generate a QR code on pre-registered Chinese phones, with Chinese apps linked to Chinese bank accounts - none of which he has.

"For example, when he comes to visit, buying tickets, booking hotels, and making payments are challenging, and even going to tourist sites, taking taxis, or going to the bank, he faces difficulties," Shanshan explains.

"After being together, I realised that there are many cross-strait couples facing restrictions and difficulties in meeting each other, and the marriage process is complicated and tedious."

China's relationship with Taiwan is therefore critical for this couple. Closer ties could make it easier for them to move between countries. For them, politics across the strait is tangible.

For others in China, Taiwan is part of a vision - the government's view of the future. State media highlights the ties between the two as a shining beacon of brotherhood and shared cultural heritage.

Chinese tourists flock to this spot, embracing Beijing's vow to unify with Taiwan

On a rocky outcrop of Pingtan island in Fujian province, the closest part of the Chinese mainland to Taiwan, tourists pay to stand on a platform and peer through binoculars at an outline of Taiwan 68 nautical miles (126km) away.

Many have travelled thousands of miles to get here. They brave the biting January winds and struggle to brace themselves against the gales as they stare out to sea over the rising white horses. Sea fog and cloud obscure any view of Taiwan, but still, they line up to take photographs at a strategically placed stone arch, using their arms to make love heart signs above their heads.

For some, this is a poignant moment.

Cui Xiuwen has come from northwest China's Shaanxi province in the hope of just a glimpse of Taiwan.

"My biggest wish after visiting here is that I hope the island of Taiwan can return to our motherland soon," the 61-year-old tells us excitedly.

"The urge and feeling became stronger while I've been here. In the past I didn't feel this so keenly. Our compatriots are watching each other across the water and we cannot unite."

She hugs our team warmly as she talks about her fear of conflict.

"We see and hear much talk about Taiwan and the mainland on TV. That's why I want to come here quickly and look at it. I hope Taiwan will be reclaimed in a peaceful way. I don't want war. The casualties will be huge. We want peace."

One young couple - dressed head to toe in Christian Dior - pose for their social media feeds in sunglasses while gazing wistfully out to sea.

They stand in stark contrast to some of those who live and work on this island, who admit to rarely thinking about their neighbour, just a few hours away by boat.

But Chinese citizens struggling to earn a living along the same coast rarely think about their neighbours

Dozens of local workers gather in groups on the concrete walls of the small port on the island to sort abalone shells for harvesting. Huddling together out of the wind, wrapped up in fleece headscarves and fishing overalls, they barely look up as they speak to us. They need to keep working to earn money - that is their main concern.

"I don't feel a connection. I have no friends or relatives there," says one woman as she uses her knife to scrape through the baskets to release the shellfish.

"I don't care whether it's reunified or not. We ordinary people don't care. This is up to the officials. We have no wish or hope. We just want enough to eat, we want a better life. We don't care about other things."

Read more about the Taiwan election:

There are around 40 million people living in Fujian province. Many Taiwanese are thought to be descendants of Fujian immigrants, and Beijing often uses these ties as an argument for closer economic and social integration. It wants Fujian province to be the model for "peaceful unification with the motherland".

It's part of what analysts call a "carrot and stick" approach to Taiwan.

Or more recently - a display of warships and wooing.

China has named its new aircraft carrier after Fujian. It unveiled new images of its first domestically designed warship on state television just last week - part of President Xi's goal of making the People's Liberation Army a "world class military".

But alongside these flashy displays of military power, there is some evidence that Beijing is attempting to entice more Taiwanese people to the mainland.

The Chinese government has unveiled a detailed plan this week to try to bring more Taiwanese investors to Fujian and to encourage Taiwan residents to study, work and live in the south-eastern province.

One block of flats in Fuzhou, the BBC found, was even going as far as to offer incredibly cheap rent to Taiwanese people. "Welcome home" said the sign on the front door, but when we spoke to a real estate agent they said that any such rental agreement needed permission from various government departments.

China also plans to build a high-speed railway across the strait "at an early date".

The simple fact is the two need each other, economically. China is Taiwan's biggest trading partner, and exports to China have enabled its economy to enjoy strong growth.

Beijing is keen to encourage Taiwanese people to live and work in China

In an alleyway in Fuzhou, the main city in Fujian province, Li Haoyu from Taiwan tosses noodles into the sizzling wok as customers on mopeds wait for their dinner. He came to China seven years ago for a job at a funeral home. His path from there is a little vague, he's not even sure how old he is.

He hasn't been back for five years, but has to return soon as his travel permit to China will soon expire.

Taiwanese noodles have a simpler flavour, he says as his swirls the hot pan over the fire.

World headlines about war and business worries across the Taiwan Strait do not worry him. He is only concerned with the flow of customers in his street.

But he knows the relationship between his past and current homes are not good.

"I think the feelings are good between the people. But I don't know how the two governments feel about each other," he says as he carefully loads the noodles into a bowl.

"I hope ties can be normalized. I hope the two sides can be like two brothers, like a family," he adds.

The ties between Taiwan and China after this election could also have an impact on Shanshan's blossoming relationship.

Beijing has already warned that any attempt to push for Taiwan's formal independence will mean conflict - although many doubt Beijing will want a war on its doorstep as it battles an economic downturn.

All Shanshan can do is "hope for a better cross-strait relationship".

Luckily, their own relationship is going well, she adds.

"Despite the distance, we can be together. Both of us hope for a future together. We can accept these difficulties, and even if it's challenging, we will support and help each other."

The Welsh government says it will not be banning foods, but will work with retailers on offers

Meal deals with a high fat, sugar or salt content will be restricted in Wales under plans to tackle obesity and diabetes.

Price drops and multi-buy offers on unhealthy foods will be banned in the Welsh government's proposals.

Retailers have raised concerns as food prices remain high and an eating disorder charity says it could be detrimental to those in recovery.

The legislation will be introduced next year and rolled out by 2025.

A number of retailers offer lunch deals which combine a sandwich, drink and a snack for a set price.

Restrictions will be placed on certain combinations that have a high fat, sugar or salt content above the recommended daily amount.

"If I want to buy something with more sugar or salt in it then it's my choice," says Bethan Walker

The new law will also prevent retailers from temporarily lowering prices and offering promotions such as two-for-one on the unhealthiest foods.

The new rules will also try to curb junk food impulse buys by asking retailers not to promote certain items at the end of aisles or next to checkouts.

The legislation will apply to all businesses which employ more than 50 people.
• None 33% buy meal deals once per week or more
• None 6lb/2.8kg weight gain a year if you ate an average meal deal five days a week for lunch
• None 47lb/21kg weight gain a year if you ate a high calorie meal deal five days a week for lunch

Similar changes in England have been delayed by the UK government, with Prime Minister Rishi Sunak saying it would be unfair to restrict options when food prices remain high.

In June 2020, Scotland "paused" a new bill to place restrictions on the promotion of junk food due to the Covid pandemic.

Shoppers at a supermarket in the Vale of Glamorgan had mixed views on the proposed legislation.

"I think it's a great idea," said June Milne. "I think the government should put restrictions on it. It's about time we put health before profits."

Mohamed Gomaa believed putting health warnings on food packaging would be more effective, like the health warnings on cigarette packets.

Bethan Walker said: "I understand what is going on, but personally, my view is that if I want to buy something with more sugar or salt in it then it's my choice."

Filco supermarkets director Matthew Hunt described the timing as "ludicrous".

"It is notable Rishi Sunak has recently been talking about relaxing this legislation, that it in itself is inflationary and not the right time to be taking this approach especially when food inflation in particular is as high as it is.

"What should be avoided at all costs is the creation of confusion caused by different governments not being aligned with what is included and excluded.

"It's about time we put health before profits," says June Milne

Speaking on BBC Radio Wales Drive on Tuesday, Claire Reynolds from Eating disorder charity, Beat said: "There's a huge risk by putting these sorts of restrictions and red flags it can be a real sort of detriment for someone who is trying to recover from an eating disorder.

"They may be on a prescribed meal plan which says they need to eat these particular things and then they are being told actually that's not right and they shouldn't."

The Welsh government said there was strong public support for action to help people make healthier food choices.

According to Public Health Wales data, 60% of people in Wales are overweight and one in four children are obese by the age of five.

The number of people with type 2 diabetes in Wales is also at a record level.

Deputy minister for mental health and wellbeing Lynne Neagle said: "This legislation will take forward our commitment to improve diets and help prevent obesity in Wales.

"Our aim is to rebalance our food environments towards healthier products, so that the healthy choice becomes the easy choice."

The Welsh government said it would not be banning any products, but it will continue to work with retailers to find a nutritional balance in all offers available to customers.

Filco supermarkets director Matthew Hunt is concerned about "the creation of confusion"

Dr Ilona Johnson, consultant in Public Health for Public Health Wales (PHW) said: "We know that from the evidence that policies targeting the food environment are effective and a strong legislative framework is an important step in helping us to shift the balance towards healthier choices and healthier people."

The Welsh Retail Consortium said: "We are particularly concerned over possible plans to restrict price promotions and to restrict products in meal deals.

"Promotions within categories allow retailers and brands to compete to attract customers, improving competition and keeping prices down."

Welsh Conservative spokesman for mental health, James Evans said: "Obesity is a pressing issue across the western world that is a costly drain on the limited resources of our precious Welsh NHS and it is a shame that is has taken the Welsh government this long to address the problem.

"However, during the cost of living pressures we are all facing, we need cast-iron assurances from the Welsh Labour government that they do not intend to ban meal deals and that any new regulations will not increase the average weekly cost for shoppers."

Plaid Cymru said it "supports measures that focus on making it easier to choose healthy lifestyle options".

"It's so important to find the balance between taking steps that could prevent poor future health rather than measures that involve the government restricting what we can do when too many households are already facing unreasonable squeeze on their budgets."

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Last updated on .From the section Premier League

Arsenal restored their five-point advantage at the top of the Premier League in outstanding fashion with a ruthless victory at Fulham.

Mikel Arteta's side responded to Manchester City's narrow victory at Crystal Palace on Saturday night by wrapping up this win by half-time as they opened up a 3-0 lead with a devastating attacking display.

Gabriel Martinelli had already had a goal narrowly ruled out for offside by the Video Assistant Referee (VAR), before defender Gabriel headed in Leandro Trossard's corner after 21 minutes - the first of a trio of assists for the Belgian.

Trossard then crossed for Martinelli to beat the static Antonee Robinson to head home at the far post five minutes later, before providing the delivery for captain Martin Odegaard's cool finish in first-half stoppage time.

Fulham mounted a belated threat after the break as visiting keeper Aaron Ramsdale denied Bobby de Cordova-Reid, while Tosin Adarabioyo headed against the woodwork.

Arsenal, however, were always in control and Arteta was able to re-introduce influential striker Gabriel Jesus for the first time since he required knee surgery after being injured playing for Brazil against Cameroon at the World Cup for a 13-minute cameo.
• None Team news followed by live text coverage of Sunday's Premier League action
• None Go straight to our Arsenal content

Trossard stands out as Gunners pass another test

This had all the hallmarks of a hazardous fixture for Arsenal given Fulham's impressive campaign and the pressure on after Manchester City reduced their lead to two points.

But, once again, the steel, character and skill that has characterised their season was on show.

The £21m capture of Trossard from Brighton in January looks increasingly shrewd by the week and he ran riot down Fulham's right flank, taking on the role of creator-in-chief before being substituted to a standing ovation in the closing stages.

Arsenal have been presented with examinations of different types on a regular basis in this impressive attempt to win a first title since 2004 - and they passed this one with flying colours.

The Gunners dug deep to come from two goals down to beat Bournemouth in the 97th minute in last weekend's game at Emirates Stadium, while here they stamped their authority all over a lacklustre Fulham from the first whistle.

Manchester City had asked the question by winning at Selhurst Park. Arsenal provided the answer at Craven Cottage with their fifth successive Premier League win.

Marco Silva's Fulham have been an outstanding addition to the top flight this season - a surprise package given they were rated as relegation favourites by many.

Here, however, they were well short of the standards they have set and this comprehensive defeat capped a disappointing week after losing the west London derby at Brentford on Monday.

There were mitigating circumstances with two of their most influential performers missing, Willian ruled out with a back muscle injury and Joao Palhinha suspended. The goals have also dried up for main marksman Aleksandar Mitrovic, who has 11 this season, but last scored in January.

After a below-par display, Fulham only came to life after the break when the game was effectively over.

Currently in eighth place, they have done so well to put themselves in contention for European football next season.

Silva's main task now is to ensure the conclusion to this campaign does not drift away into anti-climax.
• None Attempt blocked. Aleksandar Mitrovic (Fulham) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.
• None Attempt blocked. Fábio Vieira (Arsenal) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.
• None Attempt missed. Martin Ødegaard (Arsenal) left footed shot from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by Reiss Nelson.
• None Attempt missed. Harry Wilson (Fulham) left footed shot from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by Harrison Reed.
• None Attempt saved. Gabriel Jesus (Arsenal) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Fábio Vieira.
• None Offside, Fulham. Tim Ream tries a through ball, but Aleksandar Mitrovic is caught offside.
• None Attempt blocked. Reiss Nelson (Arsenal) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page
• None Our coverage of your Premier League club is bigger and better than ever before - here's everything you need to know to make sure you never miss a moment

The Iron Shiek squared off against other wrestling greats including Hulk Hogan

The Iron Sheik, a heavyweight champion WWE wrestler and hall-of-famer, has died aged 81, his family announced.

He was a "true legend, a force of nature and an iconic figure who left an incredible mark" on the wrestling world, they said in a statement on Wednesday. "It is with great sadness that we share the news."

Born in Iran, the wrestling icon's real name was Hossein Khosrow Ali Vaziri.

His cause of death has not been given.

At the peak of his wrestling career, in the 1980s, Vaziri faced off against other greats in the ring including Bob Backlund, Sgt Slaughter and Hulk Hogan.

He defeated Backlund for the WWF World Heavyweight title in December 1983.

One month later, in front of an electric crowd of over 20,000 at New York's Madison Square Garden, Hogan took down Vaziri and won the championship belt for the first time. The upset launched Hogan's career.

The WWE called the event "one of the most famous wrestling matches of all time".

Vaziri was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2005.

"He was a trailblazer, breaking barriers and paving the way for a diverse range of wrestlers who followed in his footsteps," the family said.

With his iconic shaved head, handlebar moustache and curled-toe shoes, Vaziri paid tribute to his Iranian heritage with his persona.

According to ESPN, before wrestling he was a bodyguard for Shah Mohammed Reza Pahlavi of Iran.

He almost made his country's Olympic wrestling team in 1968.

Vaziri eventually moved to the US, became an assistant coach for the American wrestling team, and joined the WWE (then under the name WWF) in 1979.

He is survived by his wife of 47 years, Caryl Vaziri, and his children Tanya, Nikki and Marisa.

"He was a loving and dedicated father," his family said.

"He instilled in them the values of perseverance, determination, and the importance of following their dreams. The Iron Sheik's guidance and unwavering belief in their potential served as a driving force for his children, empowering them to become the best versions of themselves."

The Daily Mirror previously obtained and published still images from the same party

The Metropolitan Police is reopening an investigation into breaches of Covid regulations at a Christmas gathering at Conservative Party HQ.

A video of the event, where aides were invited to "jingle and mingle", was published by the Sunday Mirror.

Police say they will not investigate alleged gatherings at the prime minister's country home, Chequers, when Boris Johnson was PM.

But they are also now investigating an event in Parliament on 8 December 2020.

According to the Guido Fawkes website, this event involved Conservative backbencher Sir Bernard Jenkin.

Sir Bernard sits on the Commons Privileges Committee, which last month published a highly critical report about Mr Johnson.

He told the BBC it was not appropriate to comment on an ongoing investigation.

Mr Johnson - who stood down as an MP with a stinging attack on the committee - had accused Sir Bernard of "monstrous hypocrisy" if the allegations on the Guido Fawkes site were true.

Conservative MP Virginia Crosbie issued an apology for attending the event while Covid restrictions were in place.

The Ynys Mon MP confirmed the event took place but said she had not sent out any invitations.

The Met police investigated the December 2020 party at Tory HQ last year, after a picture emerged showing former London mayoral candidate Shaun Bailey and Tory aides raising glasses besides buffet food, when indoor socialising was banned in the area.

In November, the Met said they were taking no further action against Mr Bailey or the others pictured.

They have now said they are reopening their inquiry, as the video published by the Mirror was not previously provided to officers.

An invitation to the gathering, seen by the BBC, invited people to a "jingle and mingle" party.

Mr Bailey - who was given a seat in the House of Lords in Mr Johnson's resignation honours list - previously said he apologised "unreservedly" for the event, which he said had "turned into something" after he left.

He claimed he was "very upset about the video" as he had "never seen it before".

The Liberal Democrats said Prime Minister Rishi Sunak should stop Mr Bailey "from taking his seat as a peer while this investigation takes place".

Meanwhile, the Met Police and Thames Valley Police said they would not launch an investigation into potential rule-breaking between June 2020 and May 2021 at Downing Street and Chequers.

In May, the forces said they were assessing information handed to them by Cabinet Office officials after a review of Mr Johnson's official diary as part of preparations for the Covid inquiry.

Thames Valley police were looking into visits by Mr Johnson's family and friends to Chequers - the prime minister's country house in Buckinghamshire - during the pandemic.

The Met were looking at possible further rule-breaches in Downing Street.

In a jointly-issued statement on Tuesday, the forces said that after "further clarification" on the diary entries, they had decided the events did "not meet the retrospective criteria for opening an investigation".

When news of his referral broke, Mr Johnson denied there had been any Covid breaches at the events, saying the actions of the Cabinet Office bore "all the hallmarks" of a "politically motivated stitch-up".

The Cabinet Office said at the time that the material it had passed to police came from the "normal" process of reviewing documents.

Former prime minister Mr Johnson stood down as an MP last month after a Commons committee accused him of misleading Parliament over separate events in Downing Street during the pandemic.

The BBC has approached him for a fresh comment.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

Some motorists are facing waits of more than three months at their closest test centre

Some drivers in Northern Ireland are still struggling to book an MoT despite a record number of tests being carried out in the last six months.

There has been a backlog since testing was suspended several times in 2020.

The Department for Infrastructure (DfI) said more than 500,000 tests were conducted in the last six months as part of efforts to cut delays.

But some drivers trying to book online still face long waits for an appointment.

Between September last year and the end of February 2023, a total of 506,967 full vehicle tests had been carried out by the Driver and Vehicle Agency (DVA), she added.

That is a 22% increase on the same period in 2021/2022.

"This increase in capacity has been achieved by adopting a range of measures including the recruitment of additional vehicle examiners, the use of overtime to provide cover for leave and by offering vehicle test appointments on a Sunday and bank holidays, when testing is not normally available," the DfI said.

"The DVA currently issues reminder notifications six weeks in advance of your MoT expiry date.

"The DVA will keep this notification period under review as it continues to manage the demand for vehicle testing."

They added that it did not currently hold information to enable it to accurately report the average waiting times for vehicle tests "given that this position changes on a regular basis".

BBC News NI logged on to the booking system on Friday to check the current availability.

The soonest date some MoT centres are offering in Northern Ireland are in June and July

It appears many motorists are facing two or three-month delays for an MoT, unless a cancellation appears, when using the DVA online system.

An MoT certificate ensures a vehicle meets legal standards and is required for tax and insurance purposes.

The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) previously said it would not penalise drivers whose MoT has expired as long as they met a number of criteria.

The PSNI told BBC News NI that exemption remains in place.

"In the event police encounter a vehicle with no current MoT, so long as we can ascertain that a vehicle is roadworthy, has a forthcoming MoT test date and is not sorned (statutory off road notification), then police will not take any further action," a spokesperson said.

As for insurers, the Association of British Insurers (ABI) said "where motorists in Northern Ireland have a confirmed MoT appointment booking for their test, they should not be prejudiced by a lack of a valid MoT certificate if it has run out before the test takes place".

ABI said its members had agreed to maintain cover for customers who, "through no fault of their own", could not get a test.

"However, motorists whose MoTs are due must keep trying to book a test with the DVA, even if the date falls after when their MoT certificate expires."

The spokesperson added that insurers must keep their vehicle in a roadworthy condition.

Drivers requiring an MoT to tax their vehicle, who cannot get an appointment before their current certificate expires, are asked to "book the earliest available appointment and keep checking the booking system for an earlier appointment", according to the DfI.

"If they get to within five days of the expiry date of their vehicle tax and they have been unable to secure an appointment or their vehicle tax has expired, they should contact the DVA customer services team at dva.customerservices@infrastructure-ni.gov.uk and they will do their best to get an urgent appointment for the vehicle," a spokesperson added.

MoT tests in Northern Ireland were first suspended in January 2020 due to safety concerns about equipment being used during the tests.

Then Covid-19 hit, bringing another halt to MoT tests in March 2020.

Testing resumed in stages from June 2020, at a reduced capacity due to social distancing measures, before returning fully in July 2021.

A new online booking system was set up in September 2021 to deal with the backlog that built up from January 2020, but it initially faced technical problems and created further delays.

Last updated on .From the section Championship

Vincent Kompany's Burnley secured promotion back to the Premier League at the first attempt with victory over fourth-placed Middlesbrough.

The Clarets, unbeaten in the league since November, took an early lead when Ashley Barnes redirected Josh Brownhill's low shot into the back of the net.

The home side equalised just after half-time when Championship top scorer Chuba Akpom scored from the spot after Josh Cullen felled Cameron Archer in the penalty area.

Connor Roberts steered in the winner from Nathan Tella's near-post cross and Kompany's men saw out the rest of the game in comfort to spark wild celebrations on the pitch and among their travelling fans.

Victory for the east Lancashire side sent them 19 points clear of third-placed Luton, who have six games left to play.
• None Kompany says Burnley can 'go for more' after Premier League return

Kompany left Belgian top-flight side Anderlecht to take over at Turf Moor after they were relegated on the final day of last season, and the 36-year-old former Manchester City defender has enjoyed a near-flawless first campaign.

Despite a massive turnaround of players in the summer following the end of their six-year spell in the Premier League they have become the first team in the English Football League to secure promotion in 2022-23, having been top of the table since 25 October.

The Lancashire side now need just 11 points from their final seven games to secure the title, while 13 will see them become the first Championship team to break the 100-point barrier since Leicester City in 2013-14.

The Clarets host second-placed Sheffield United, the last team to beat them in a league game 19 matches ago, on Monday.

For fourth-placed Middlesbrough this was a damaging second successive defeat and they are nine points adrift of the Blades, who have also played a game fewer.

Burnley have now won promotion to the Premier League in each of their past three seasons in the second tier.

However, this has looked very different to their previous successes under long-serving boss Sean Dyche, who, incidentally, was sacked on Good Friday last year.

From the first game of the season, when they saw off Huddersfield in the Championship curtain-raiser back in July, it was apparent that they would be playing a far more possession-based game to the one employed by Dyche.

They suffered defeat at Watford in the third game of the campaign and had just six points from their first five matches, but the Kompany did not waiver and a 16-match unbeaten run sent them to the top of the league.

A heavy 5-2 defeat at Sheffield United did not derail them, as they secured a 3-0 win over east Lancashire rivals Blackburn in their next game.

They picked up where they had left off after the break for the World Cup and they equalled a club record with a 10-game winning run that saw them open up a huge gap on the chasing pack.

No side has won promotion to the Premier League with seven games left since the second tier rebranded in 2004 - and Burnley will now look to secure the title, break the 100-point barrier and become the first team to go unbeaten at home in a Championship season since Newcastle United in 2009-10.

Given the amount of change that Kompany has overseen since taking charge it was somewhat ironic that it was a combination of two players who were there when he took over that gave them the lead.

Brownhill's low strike from the edge of the area might have been going in anyway but 33-year-old Barnes, who has now won promotion to the Premier League three times with the club, stuck out a foot to redirect it and leave Boro keeper Zack Steffen with no chance.

Barnes said after the game that he would be leaving the Clarets in the summer after nine years, saying it was "the end of an era" and it was "time for him to move on".

Tella missed a gilt-edged chance to double their lead before the break when he fired wide after being played in behind the home defence.

Akpom's 27th goal of the season brought Michael Carrick's men back into it and they enjoyed a spell of dominance thereafter.

However, they could not create another real chance of note and were opened up by a pass into the inside right channel that Tella latched on to, before putting it on a plate for former Boro loanee Roberts to score.

Akpom had a chance in the last minute to delay the Burnley celebrations for a few days at least but he headed wide at the back post.

There was a sour note when Clarets midfielder Johann Berg Gudmundsson was struck by a coin thrown from the Middlesbrough end during the celebrations of the league leaders' second goal.

Successive defeats for the Teessiders means they will almost certainly have to go through the play-offs if they are to join Burnley in the Premier League next season.

"Credit to them firstly, I have to say congratulations. I've been in the changing room and seen the players and the staff because I think they deserve a congratulations for what they've achieved.

"It hurts us to see them celebrating in our stadium but we totally respect the position that they are in and they deserve that.

"In terms of the game, hugely proud of the lads. I thought there was a real high level game in terms of intensity. I know there wasn't loads of chances but I think that shows how good we both were and how far we've come really.

"The boys are bitterly disappointed but at the same time I think they've taken a lot from it.

"We've gained confidence, belief, we're a better team now. We've lost two games on the bounce but for me it's not a big deal because we'll take a lot more from this game tonight than we'll lose."

"It's Easter and there's seven games to go and we're already celebrating. We didn't expect it.

"We wanted to experience this at some point but quicker is better sometimes as well.

"There's a couple of logical rules we all know, if you don't have squad cohesion at the beginning then it takes time. There's 46 games so you have the stress of games that help you improve quicker.

"It wasn't easy. They're celebrating like kids and that's fun to see."
• None Attempt missed. Chuba Akpom (Middlesbrough) header from very close range misses to the left. Assisted by Riley McGree with a cross.
• None Offside, Burnley. Josh Cullen tries a through ball, but Vitinho is caught offside.
• None Delay over. They are ready to continue.
• None Delay in match because of an injury Arijanet Muric (Burnley).
• None Substitution, Burnley. Michael Obafemi replaces Nathan Tella because of an injury.
• None Delay over. They are ready to continue.
• None Delay in match because of an injury Nathan Tella (Burnley). Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page

The UK government wants to introduce consistent recycling collection policies across England

The UK government's plans to introduce consistent waste collection policies across England could prove chaotic and unworkable, councils have warned.

The details of major government reforms to waste collection in England are expected to be confirmed soon.

The changes could see councils ordered to arrange the separate collection of six types of recyclable waste.

The government said standardisation will increase recycling rates and simplify waste management.

But council leaders told the BBC the changes could backfire, with one saying it would be "madness" to force local authorities with different needs to collect waste in the same way.

Peter Fleming, the Conservative leader of Sevenoaks District Council in Kent, said the reforms would mean more bin lorries on the roads and do nothing to encourage household waste reduction through behavioural change.

"The idea that standardisation - a national bin service - is the way forward makes absolutely no sense," he told the BBC.

Waste management is largely a devolved matter in the UK, with the administrations in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland setting their own policies.

At the moment, councils in England have discretion over how and when waste is collected from households and businesses.

But last year, the government passed a new law that required a consistent set of recyclable waste materials to be collected separately from all households and businesses.

Local authorities will be required to collect the recyclable waste streams separately unless it is not technically or economically practicable, or there is no significant environmental benefit in doing so.

The Environment Act, which became law in 2021, also requires that food waste collection must take place at least once a week.

The government also wants councils to collect garden waste for free, but give them the right to charge for this beyond the basic service.

Progress on recycling across the UK has been slower in recent years, with the rate in England hovering around the 45% mark since 2015.

The UK government has committed to meet a 65% municipal recycling rate by 2035.

In 2021, the Department for Environment Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) ran a public consultation on the best way to use its waste collection powers under the Environment Act.

The BBC has been told councils expect the government to release its long-awaited response to the consultation this week. A Defra source did not deny this but would only say the response would be published "in due course".

The consultation says the government expects councils to start implementing these new waste policies this year.

The proposals in the consultation would cost more than £465m per year for the first seven years of implementation, according to research by the District Councils' Network, a lobby group.

The government has said it would "fully fund" all new waste collection burdens on local authorities.

Given the pressure on council budgets, "it is essential that the full implementation and running costs of any changes are reimbursed", a spokesperson for the District Councils' Network said.

The spokesperson said they were concerned about the reforms and "their potential to reduce local freedom to deliver services that work in the best way for our communities".

Those concerns were echoed by Sarah Nelmes, the leader of Three Rivers District Council in Hertfordshire.

Council leader Sarah Nelmes fears the standardisation of waste management could be counterproductive

Three Rivers says its residents currently recycle 63.5% of their waste and the council is consistently near the top of the league table for recycling in England.

"Our residents do the recycling, we just make it easy for them," Ms Nelmes said. "If we change the rules, some people just won't bother. If I had to have another three boxes, would I recycle?"

She said if the changes go ahead as planned, there may be "hidden costs" for councils and "bottlenecks" as they scramble to buy new bin lorries and expand depots.

"I'm concerned it will be chaos because everybody will be trying to do the same thing at the same time," she said.

"If every council in the country is having to buy different bins, that's not going to work great."

Following the outcome of this consultation, Environment Secretary Therese Coffey will specify the types of materials to be collected within each recyclable waste stream, in new regulations.

Charlotte Paine, who leads South Holland District Council's operational services, said collecting recyclable materials separately was appealing, in principle.

"But trying to say that has to be done in a particular way just will not work given the complexities of different areas," she said.

"Much depends on where your waste goes, your local recycling facility, and how well they can deal with that. That's where this consistency is going to fall down."

Mr Fleming questioned the environmental benefits of forcing councils to buy more plastic bins and expanding waste collection operations.

He said: "In a place like mine, where the majority of people don't live in the towns, why should we be running 26-tonne diesel vehicles all over the countryside to pick up Mrs Miggins's jam jar, or a bit of peeling from her potatoes?

"This does feel like some kind of zealot in Defra pushing this through. And I'm not sure they'll achieve the environmental outcomes they're looking for."

A Defra spokesperson said the reforms to waste management would "make recycling easier and ensure that there is a comprehensive, consistent service across England".

"This will help increase recycled material in the products we buy and boost a growing UK recycling industry," the spokesperson said. "We have held a public consultation on the proposed changes and will announce further details shortly."

The stars have genuinely collaborated on previous songs including The Ride and Live For

A song that uses Artificial Intelligence to clone the voices of Drake and The Weeknd has gone viral on social media.

Called Heart On My Sleeve, the track simulates the two stars trading verses about pop star and actress Selena Gomez, who previously dated The Weeknd.

The creator, known as @ghostwriter, claims the song was created by software trained on the musician's voices.

"This is just the beginning," they wrote under the song's YouTube video.

"We really are in a new era," responded one listener in the comments. "Can't even tell what's legit or fake anymore."

"This is the 1st example of AI-generated music that really wowed me," added Mckay Wrigley, an AI developer, on Twitter.

Since it was posted on Friday, the song has been viewed more than 8.5 million times on TikTok. The full version has also been played 254,000 times on Spotify.

It opens with a repetitive piano figure that transitions into a booming bass beat, as the AI Drake raps: "I came in with my ex like Selena to flex/ Bumpin' Justin Bieber the fever ain't left."

The fake Weeknd responds with a verse where he "alleges" Gomez cheated on him before their break-up in 2017.

The track even includes a call-out to producer Metro Boomin', who has worked with artists such as 21 Savage, Future, Nicki Minaj and Kanye West.

It's not perfect. The song has the scratchy, low quality vibe of a bootlegged demo; and the vocals are sometimes slurred and glitchy - likely to be artefacts of the AI process.

Neither artist has responded to the song yet, but Drake recently expressed displeasure at his voice being cloned.

"This is the final straw AI," he posted on Instagram, after stumbling across a fan-made video in which he appeared to be rapping the Ice Spice track Munch (Feeling U).

Drake's complaint came after Universal Music Group wrote to streaming services including Spotify and Apple Music, asking them to prevent artificial intelligence companies from accessing their libraries.

It is thought companies have been using the music to "train" their software.

"We will not hesitate to take steps to protect our rights and those of our artists," UMG warned in the email, first obtained by the Financial Times.

Several websites already offer fans the ability to create new songs using soundalike voices of pop's biggest stars.

French DJ David Guetta recently used a site called uberduck.ai to mimic the voice of Eminem and add it to one of his instrumentals.

"I'm sure the future of music is in AI," he told the BBC.

However, he said the technology could only be useful "as a tool" - like the drum machine and the sampler before it.

"Nothing is going to replace taste," he said. "What defines an artist is, you have a certain taste, you have a certain type of emotion you want to express, and you're going to use all the modern instruments to do that."

Guetta was named producer of the year at the Brits 2023

Other faked tracks that have gone viral recently include a "deepfake" of Rihanna singing Beyoncé's Cuff It; and a cloned Kanye West singing the acoustic ballad Hey There, Delilah.

The rapid rise of the technology has rattled the music industry. Heart On My Sleeve, for example, does not infringe copyright, as it appears to be an entirely original composition.

The author has also made it explicit that Drake and The Weeknd were not involved in the making of the song, which should (in theory) protect them from a "passing off" claim, where they profit from misleading the audience into believing it is genuine.

In response, a broad coalition of musicians and artists have launched a "Human Artistry Campaign", whose aim is to ensure artificial intelligence will not "erode" human creativity.

Backed by the Recording Industry Association of America, the Association for Independent Music and the BPI - which organises the Brits - the group has outlined seven principles advocating AI best practices, and stressed that copyright protection should only be afforded to music created by humans.

"There is so much potential with AI but it also presents risks to our creative community," said Recording Academy CEO Harvey Mason Jr, launching the initiative.

"It's crucial that we get this right early on so we don't risk losing the artistic magic that only humans can create."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: The Angel Inn hotel in Sussex engulfed by a fire

A 400-year-old hotel that was housing Ukrainian refugees has been engulfed by a major blaze.

The fire started in a property in North Street, Midhurst, in the early hours, before spreading to the roof of the Angel Inn hotel next door.

More than 30 people, including "a number" of Ukrainian refugees, have been evacuated, firefighters said.

The community was praised for its "generosity and keenness to help" after an appeal for donations was inundated.

Local resident David Behan, who witnessed the fire, said the refugees spent the night in a nearby Indian restaurant before they were transported to a leisure centre, from where they have been re-homed.

Mr Behan said: "They arrived at Christmas with very little. And what little they had, they've just completely lost, which is desperate."

More than 30 people, including a number of Ukrainian refugees, were evacuated

Midhurst Town Council arranged a donation point nearby for those who have been affected by the fire.

The site became inundated with donations and closed only hours after it opened.

A council spokeswoman said: "We have been overwhelmed by people's generosity and keenness to help, and now have everything we need to provide support for those who have lost their homes and belongings."

The refugees had been very much welcomed into the community here. Some had jobs, and you'd often hear people speaking Ukrainian on the streets.

The Angel Inn has been here for about 400 years, and has been owned by the same family for at least two generations.

The firefighters have told some of the residents that the building cannot be saved. It is going to have to be demolished.

It would be a horrible thing to have to lose for Midhurst.

Another local resident, Hilton Holloway, said some children were among those evacuated from the hotel, which he said had about 15 rooms.

"I spoke to one young woman who seemed relatively calm," he added.

The cause of the fire is not yet known. Four people were treated at the scene but did not require hospital treatment.

Road closures are in place, and firefighters, police and paramedics remain at the scene.

The fire brigade said crews were called to North Street at 01:08 GMT, and 15 fire engines and two aerial ladder platforms were deployed.

A total of 15 fire engines and two aerial ladder platforms were sent to the scene

Firefighters were met with a "significant fire in the roof space" at the hotel, which spread to neighbouring properties, a spokesman said.

"More than 30 people, including a number of Ukrainian refugees, were safely evacuated from the buildings, and they are now being looked after in a local relief centre," he added.

Speaking at the scene, the brigade's area manager, Richard Abbot, said: "We are advising residents to keep their windows and doors closed as there is large amounts of smoke in the area.

"It's too early in the incident to know the cause of the fire, however we will be investigating the fire as soon as it is safe to do so."

Follow BBC South East on Facebook, on Twitter, and on Instagram. Send your story ideas to southeasttoday@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Hallie is described as "so gentle and kind-natured" by her aunt

An appeal for a million pounds has been launched to pay for leukaemia treatment for a 20-month-old girl.

Hallie, from Coventry, was diagnosed at Birmingham Children's Hospital when she was eight months old.

But when her last stem cell transplant failed to work, her family said they were told their best option might be to pay for treatment in the United States.

"It seems a very big mountain to climb," Hallie's aunt, Hannah Dugdale, said.

Hallie was first diagnosed in the summer of 2022 while on a family holiday in Spain and was flown home for treatment.

She has a rare form of leukaemia known as JMML and has undergone chemotherapy, blood transfusions and two stem cell transplants.

Ms Dugdale said they discovered on Thursday the latest transplant had not worked and a consultant at the Birmingham hospital suggested their only remaining option was CAR T-cell therapy.

Hallie first started showing symptoms while on holiday in Spain, aged eight months.

CAR-T works by removing a type of immune system cell, called a T cell, from the patient's blood.

Those cells are then genetically modified in the lab to make them more effective at targeting cancer cells, multiplied, and infused back into the patient drop by drop.

The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) described them as "personalised immunotherapy treatments" which are "usually given as a one-off treatment".

A trial is due to start at Great Ormond Street Hospital in the coming months, but Hallie's aunt said they would prefer not to wait that long and were hoping to take her to the US instead.

It will require a third transplant, which the family said the NHS would not fund.

Ms Dugdale said she and her sister had talked about having children for a long time and said Hallie was "the sweetest little girl, she's is so gentle and kind-natured".

Her niece "deserves to be given every chance at a long and happy life", she added.

She said her sister, Kim, was "devastated as any mother would be" but also overwhelmed by the support she received and the appeal had already passed £180,000.

Ms Dugdale said she hoped they would be able to start the treatment before they raised the full amount through the Go Fund Me page.

Birmingham Children's Hospital said: "Sadly, a third transplant isn't a current treatment option for Hallie, who has a rare form of leukaemia."

It also said its teams were continuing to explore options for her, including the possibility of experimental CAR-T therapy, as part of a clinical trial.

NHS England have been contacted for a response.

Follow BBC West Midlands on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: newsonline.westmidlands@bbc.co.uk

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Google's earthquake warning system failed to get to many Turkish residents before February's deadly tremor, a BBC Newsnight investigation has found.

Google says its alert system can give users up to a minute's notice on their phones before an earthquake hits.

It says its alert was sent to millions before the first, biggest quake.

However, the BBC visited three cities in the earthquake zone, speaking to hundreds of people, and didn't find anyone who had received a warning.

The system works on Android phones, essentially any phone that isn't an iPhone. Android phones, which are often more affordable, make up about 80% of the phones in Turkey.

"If Google makes a promise, or makes an implicit promise, to deliver a service like earthquake early warning, then to me, it raises the stakes," says Prof Harold Tobin, director of the Pacific Northwest Seismic Network.

"They have a responsibility to be able to follow through on something that is directly related to life and limb."

Google's product lead on the system, Micah Berman, insisted it had worked. "We are confident that this system fired and sent alerts," he told the BBC.

However, the company did not provide evidence that these alerts were widely received.

More than 50,000 people died in February's earthquake.

After the first major 7.8-magnitude earthquake struck in the early hours of the morning, another major tremor shook the surrounding area at lunchtime.

The BBC was able to find a limited number of users who received a warning for this second quake.

Google's Android Earthquake Alert System was announced in Turkey in June 2021.

The system is operational in dozens of countries around the world. The company describes the ability to send quake alerts as a "core" part of its Android service.

It works by using Android's vast network of phones. Smartphones contain tiny accelerometers that can detect shaking.

When many phones shake at the same time, Google can pinpoint the epicentre and estimate the strength of a quake. Google has made an explainer on how it works.

When an earthquake of magnitude 4.5 or greater is detected, the Android system can send a warning.

"This is an alert unlike any you've probably seen on your phone before. It takes over your phone screen," Mr Berman says.

The warning says "drop, cover, hold" and is accompanied by a loud alarm.

It should also override a user's do not disturb mode automatically, so you don't need to switch it on.

"No matter what state your phone is in, you should get that warning," Mr Berman says.

Google claims the system successfully sent alerts on 6 February to millions of people.

How much warning people should have got from Google would depend on how far away they were from the earthquake, Mr Berman explains. A message travelling over the internet can travel much faster than the waves of an earthquake travelling through the earth.

"Sometimes [the warning] might be a second or a fraction of a second, sometimes it might be 20 or 30 seconds, sometimes it might be 50 or 60 seconds," he says.

Despite extensive reporting across the earthquake zone in the hours, days and weeks after the quake, no-one mentioned getting an alert to the BBC.

So we began to search specifically for people who had got the warning.

Our team travelled to Adana, Iskenderun and Osmaniye, cities between 70km (43 miles) and 150km (93 miles) away from the epicentre.

We spoke to hundreds of people with Android phones.

Although we managed to find a small number of people who had got an alert for the second earthquake, we couldn't find anyone who got a warning ahead of the first, most powerful quake.

In Iskenderun, we spoke to Alican who lost his grandmother when a hospital collapsed. He says he had received the alert before, but he didn't get it this time.

We put our reporting from the earthquake zone to Google's Mr Berman.

He said: "It's possible, given the massive impact of the first event, that this just quietly happened in the background, while users were really paying attention to lots of other things. At the end of the day, I think that's probably the most likely explanation."

But the people we spoke to were adamant that none arrived.

Funda, who has been living in a temporary tent encampment since the quake, says she lost 25 members of her family.

"We literally dumped people into the ground. My brother-in-law and nephew were buried hugging each other," she says.

Funda lost 25 members of her family in the quake

She owns an Android phone but told us she was "certain" she didn't get an alert.

After an earthquake you would expect people to post on social media that they had received a warning. This is common in other countries where quakes have occurred since Google's system launched.

"One of the few feedback sources that we have is being able to look on social media," Mr Berman says.

And yet after the first earthquake in Turkey, social media was unusually quiet - something Mr Berman accepts.

"I don't have a resounding answer for why we haven't seen more reaction on social media to that particular event," he says.

The BBC asked for data that showed people had received the notification. The only evidentiary document Google shared was a pdf with 13 social media posts the company had found of people talking of a warning that day.

So we contacted the authors of the posts.

One was Ridvan Gunturk, who had posted that he had got a warning in the city of Adana. However, after speaking to the BBC, he clarified that this was for the second earthquake. He confirmed he had not received an alert for the first earthquake.

Ridvan Gunturk received an alert for the second quake

In fact, only one of the social media posts referenced a warning about the first quake, giving a detailed account. The BBC has spoken to the author of the post, but they wouldn't give their name.

The author said they believed they had received an alert, but couldn't be completely certain of their memory of events at the time.

Google also said it had received feedback from user surveys that say the system worked. However, it declined to share this information.

Prof Tobin told the BBC Google's system was relatively new, and could be useful, but that it was important for the company to be transparent.

"If you are delivering an essential life safety or public safety piece of information, then you have a responsibility to be transparent about how it works and how well it works," he says.

"We're not talking about an anecdote of, 'oh it's popped up here and there.' These are intended as blanket warning systems. That's the whole point."

Turkish earthquake expert Prof Sukru Ersoy told the BBC his wife was in the earthquake zone. She has an Android phone but did not receive an alert.

He says that he has not spoken to anyone who got a warning.

"If Google's system had worked, perhaps it could have been very beneficial," he says.

"But the system not working in an important earthquake such as this one begs the question: if this is a beneficial system, why couldn't we benefit from it in this major earthquake, one of the biggest earthquakes of the last 100 years?"

In a statement given to the BBC by Google after the interview, Mr Berman said: "During a devastating earthquake event, numerous factors can affect whether users receive, notice, or act on a supplemental alert - including the specific characteristics of the earthquake and the availability of internet connectivity."
• None Why was the Turkey-Syria earthquake so deadly?

Friends and colleagues have paid tribute to Sasha Bondarenko's humour, intelligence and big heart

Former BBC News Ukraine journalist Oleksandr Bondarenko has been killed on duty on the front line in Ukraine.

He volunteered for Ukraine's territorial defence at the start of Russia's full-scale invasion in February 2022, working as a communications expert and media trainer and then becoming part of the military.

Details of how he was killed in action are not yet known.

Close friends said only that "death caught up with him in a battle".

Friends, former BBC colleagues and Ukraine's wider media community paid tributes to a talented journalist who went on to be a successful communications professional.

Known as Sasha or Sashko, Bondarenko was originally from Luhansk in eastern Ukraine.

He worked for the BBC's Ukrainian Service from 2007 to 2011 as a news reporter, presenter and editor of radio programmes broadcast from Kyiv. He left the BBC to work for other media organisations.

At the start of the war Sasha Bondarenko worked as a communications expert and media trainer.

At the start of the war he was in charge of special projects for leading Ukrainian communications agency, RMA, whose staff paid tribute to his intelligence, humour and voice.

He was one of many thousands of Ukrainians who have left their civilian jobs across all walks of life to defend their country from the Russian invasion.

Among well-known Ukrainians who enlisted were members of one of Ukraine's top rock bands, Antytila, who became army medics, and broadcasters Pavlo Kazarin and Yurii Matsarskyi.

A number of journalists have lost their lives reporting on the war too. A Ukrainian fixer working with an Italian reporter was killed this week as they came under fire near the southern city Kherson.

Vasyl Samokhvalov of RMA paid tribute to Sasha Bondarenko as a man who volunteered on day one: "A human with a will of steel. A human with the clearest motivation. A human with the best music playlist."

The former head of the BBC's Ukrainian Service, Maciek Bernatt-Reszczynski, said the corporation was extremely lucky to have him on the Kyiv team: "It was always new challenges with this extraordinary man. Including the last, heroic one, to defend his country from aggression."

Bondarenko graduated from Luhansk teacher-training college and started his career in journalism at a local radio station in the east of Ukraine, before working for leading Ukrainian TV channels and and then the BBC's Ukrainian Service.

BBC Ukraine's editor-in-chief Marta Shokalo (R) paid tribute to her former colleague

"I look at our photos together and can't stop crying even though I can only remember our carefree days in the Kyiv office and how we laughed together," said Marta Shokalo, BBC Ukraine's editor-in-chief.

He went on to work as a TV reporter, covering the mass Maidan anti-government protests in Kyiv in 2013-14 and later Russia's annexation of Crimea from Ukraine in March 2014.

As a native of eastern Ukraine his insight of the complexities of Ukraine's relationship with Russia was seen as especially valuable.

A keen athlete, he achieved a long-held ambition of swimming the Bosphorus. His last photo published on Facebook was captioned: "Somewhere in the Kharkiv woods."

Colleagues described an unpretentious but highly knowledgeable journalist who seemed "brilliant at everything"

Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky says an alleged Russian agent involved in the deadly attack in Kramatorsk will be charged with treason.

Those helping Russia destroy lives deserve the "maximum penalty", he said.

Twelve people, including three teenagers, were killed in Tuesday's missile strike on a popular restaurant.

Ukraine said the man, a resident of Kramatorsk, sent video footage of the restaurant to the Russian military hours before it was destroyed.

Fourteen-year-old twin sisters Yuliya and Anna Aksenchenko and a 17-year-old girl were among those killed.

"Russian missiles stopped the beating of the hearts of two angels," Kramatorsk city council's education department said in a statement.

At least 60 others were injured, including Colombian nationals and a leading Ukrainian writer.

On Wednesday, Ukrainian security services released a photo of a local man that they arrested, describing him as a Russian agent.

Speaking in his nightly address, Mr Zelensky explained that the country's security services had worked alongside police special forces to detain the suspect - who may face life imprisonment.

Emergency services said on Wednesday that search and rescue efforts were still ongoing.

Kramatorsk, an eastern city in the Donetsk region, is under Ukrainian control but it is close to Russian-occupied parts of the country.

In April last year, more than 50 people were killed and many more were wounded in a missile strike on a train station in the city.

The Ria lounge, which was targeted this time, was a popular venue regularly hosting international journalists, volunteers and Ukrainian soldiers taking a break from the nearby front lines.

Authorities in Kramatorsk named two of the victims of last night's attack as 14-year-old twins Yuliya and Anna Aksenchenko.

Sergio Jaramillo Caro, a former Colombia peace negotiator, told the BBC he was sitting in the restaurant when it came under attack on Tuesday night, but he only suffered minor injuries.

Mr Jaramillo Caro described the moments that followed the explosion, saying that he saw "particles moving in slow motion" as he tried to understand what was going on.

A leading Ukrainian writer sitting with them - whose identity is not being disclosed - is in a critical condition and "fighting for her life".

"Please pray for her", Mr Jaramillo Caro said.

Colombian President Gustavo Petro condemned Russia's attack on "defenceless" Colombians, saying it violated war protocols. Mr Petro went on to instruct his foreign ministry to deliver a diplomatic note of protest.

Valentyna, a Kramatorsk resident who owns a cafe near the site spoke of the damage following the attack. "Everything has been blown out there," she told Reuters news agency, adding that "none of the glass, windows or doors are left".

The Kremlin claimed again to only carry out strikes on military targets, and Russia's defence ministry claimed it had destroyed a "temporary deployment of [Ukrainian] commanders" in Kramatorsk, without elaborating further.

An adviser to Ukraine's defence ministry, Yuri Sak, told the BBC that Ukraine's air defences were currently "insufficient to cover the full territory of Ukraine".

Ukraine continues to ask its allies to provide them with modern fighter jets to help it defend itself from Russian strikes.

Last month, the US said it would support the war-torn country by allowing Western allies to supply American-made F16s, and by training Ukrainian pilots to use the jets.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.
• None Eight killed in strike on centre of Ukrainian city

Intense and widespread rioting has been taking place across France, following the shooting of a 17-year-old during a traffic stop.

Video on social media showed the moment the police shooting of Nahel M took place, in the Paris suburb of Nanterre on 27 June.

Riots erupted later that same day and have continued each day since, spreading throughout the country.

The officer involved has apologised to the family and been charged with voluntary homicide.

Elton John - who has long been fashion first - promises to go out with a Rocket Man bang, as he headlines Glastonbury at his last ever UK show

Tent: check. Sun cream: check. The next thing: what am I going to wear?

With Glastonbury 2023 ready to start, festival season is well under way.

The festival prides itself on being eco-conscious, but how do fans plan their outfits sustainably?

Festival and concert fashion has become a huge part of event planning: a quick scroll on TikTok and you'll see cowboy hats and feather boas as the uniform for Beyoncé and Harry Styles concerts.

Jess Potter, 36, from Cardiff, will be going to Glastonbury with her online second-hand clothing business.

At the festival she will be hosting the second-hand style awards, where festival-goers will be judged on their best sustainable looks from the weekend.

Jess confesses she has not always been sustainable. During her first Glastonbury in 2014 she bought everything new, she used to be a "retail addict". That's where she met her now husband and business partner Davey, and they are now "on a journey to sustainability together".

The idea for UsedandLoved.com - a search engine tool that allows you to search for second-hand items all under one roof - came from a sleepless night idea, said Jess.

Jess Potter working on her stall, which will be in the Green Futures area of the festival

She said second-hand shopping was "all about finding your own style", and seeing content creators styling the outfits was key to changing people's attitudes on buying them.

In her spare time, Jess goes around Cardiff picking up bags of clothes that are left on the side of the road, which she sifts through and gives a new lease of life.

"I've found stuff from Ralph Lauren and Zara in them, all in really good condition," she said.

She plans to put the clothes found on the streets of Cardiff on display at Glastonbury with the idea that "they are free again and their destiny has been changed because they are going to get another life, and that clothes can live on for so long if you let them".

Bethany Lewis, from Swansea, planned her whole festival wardrobe via second hand shops and went on online clothes site Vinted for the In It Together festival in Margam, Neath Port Talbot.

When she booked for In It Together, she was adamant she would not buy anything new.

Bethany Lewis didn't buy anything new for the In It Together festival she attended last month

"I've never done a festival in that kind of heat before so I kind of took all the basics out of my wardrobe, so I mostly managed to use things I already owned," she said.

"But then, if I was looking for something specific, like I wanted like a mesh top to wear under an outfit so I went on Vinted, looking for stuff specifically.

"Rather than buying it new, I knew that I got it cheaper. I was also reducing my impact on the environment by buying it."

Cost plays a part too, with tickets for festivals not cheap.

A ticket to Glastonbury would set you back £335 this year - and that's without buying your camping essentials like tent, wellies and booze (if that's your thing) - so many people try to use second-hand sites to get their outfits.

Caitlin Smith, a fashion blogger from Church Village, Rhondda Cynon Taf, who's based in London, said: "I don't tend to buy anything that doesn't work with at least five pieces in my wardrobe. So, if I'm looking for a festival 'fit, I'll only buy items that I know I'll wear again.

"I blame being a Capricorn for my frugality, so I don't like feeling like I've wasted money on something I'll wear once."

Caitlin Smith says Vinted is her "one true love"

"I also tend to look for accessories or builder pieces that I can layer over things I already own. Accessorising and layering are such fun and easy ways to change up your look without having to buy a completely 'new' outfit."

Rachel Cosgrove-Pearce, the head of retail operations for Oxfam, said shopping second-hand was a great way to express individuality.

"For the festival season, a lot of the (Oxfam) shops will pull together festival-style windows to help people choose their outfits for going. They'll have festival displays inside and the beauty of shopping second-hand with Oxfam is that you can be your own stylist."

"You can go in, you shop in a variety of brands, you're not being influenced around the latest trends, and you can literally go and choose the pieces and create your own look unique for you.

"Everyone is more conscious than ever now about sustainability and by shopping with Oxfam not only are you going to look fabulous, and you know you're going to feel fabulous."

So that's the fashion advice. But what to do about the weather?

With Glastonbury predicted to be a scorcher, the advice is to try and pack for the heat - and if it does rain, trusty wellies and a raincoat will always be in style.

A serving member of the UK's armed forces shared "highly sensitive" military information, a court was told.

Thomas Newsome, 36, appeared at Westminster Magistrates' Court on Saturday charged with two offences under the Official Secrets Act.

He was deployed overseas until April 17, when prosecutors allege he made a "damaging disclosure of information relating to defence".

It follows an investigation by Scotland Yard's Counter Terrorism Command.

Mr Newsome is also accused of possessing documents "which he failed to take such care of as to prevent the unauthorised disclosure of those documents as a person in his position may reasonably be expected to take", on April 18.

He confirmed his name and date of birth, but his address and the names of his lawyers were withheld on national security grounds.

Mr Newsome is alleged to have shared a 10-page document with two senior officers who had clearance to view it, and a civilian who did not. He allegedly took photographs of the document and sent them by social media.

Prosecutor Brigid Fitzpatrick said the document, which Newsome allegedly had digital and hard copies of, contained "highly sensitive military information".

She alleged that if it were leaked it would pose a "real and immediate threat to the lives of British citizens outside the UK" and "facilitate the targeting of personnel".

Mr Newsome is also accused of possessing separate secret information on a USB stick.

He was not granted bail, and will next appear at Westminster Magistrates' Court on 28 April.

The Metropolitan Police said Mr Newsome was charged on Friday with offences contrary to section 2 and section 8 of the Official Secrets Act.

He was initially arrested on Tuesday and detained under the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984.

A Ministry of Defence spokesperson confirmed the arrest of a serving member of the armed forces, but said it would be inappropriate to comment further.
• None What is the Official Secrets Act?

Bebe Rexha has yet to comment on the incident

Pop star Bebe Rexha was rushed off stage during a concert on Sunday after being hit in the head by a phone thrown by a fan.

The star, who was performing in New York, collapsed to her knees when the projectile struck the side of her head.

She was later escorted from the venue, apparently still in pain, with her hands pressed to her face.

Video posted online showed a man being removed from the crowd by security as fans shouted "that's assault".

New York Police later confirmed that a 27-year-old concertgoer had been charged with assault.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Alex Chavez This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The singer, whose hits include I'm Good (Blue) and Meant To Be, posted photos showing her injuries to Instagram on Monday.

They showed bruising around her left eye and a cut on her eyebrow. However, she captioned the pictures, "I'm good", and gave the camera a thumbs-up.

Gossip website Pop Base quoted her mother as saying the star received medical treatment and needed three stitches.

The BBC has contacted Rexha's team for further comment.

The star showed the severity her injuries on an Instagram post

The star was at the end of her set at Pier 17 in New York when the incident occurred.

She had previously invited a tearful fan from El Salvador onto the stage to sing I'm Gonna Show You Crazy; and played an impromptu version of Seasons after a request from the audience.

Fans who attended the show expressed their disbelief at how the show ended.

"I'm still in shock two hours later," wrote one on Twitter. "I saw something fly and hit her. I thought it was a CD or a paper until I saw he[r] drop."

"People really dressed up and were in a good mood that they were going to a concert but this old man ruined everything," added another.

"Super unsettling ending to an otherwise great show," commented a third. "I hope she's okay."

Rexha, is next due to perform on Tuesday 20 June at The Fillmore in Philadelphia.

She will bring the tour to London on 28 July when she plays the Shepherd's Bush Empire.

There has been a growing trend of fans throwing their phone onstage in the hope that artists will pose for a selfie and return the handset.

Harry Styles has even been known to pick up a phone and call the owner's friends to leave a voicemail.

However, he was hit in the eye by a handful of Skittles during a set in Los Angeles, and spent the remainder of his show rinsing his eye out with water.

N-Dubz star Tulisa had her sunglasses knocked off by a fan's phone at one of the band's reunion gigs in Glasgow.

And David Bowie remonstrated with a fan at a Norwegian music festival in 2004 after being hit in the eye by a lollipop.

The hard candy - known locally as "love on a stick" - was presumably thrown as an act of affection, but caused the singer huge discomfort.

He backed off the runway, hunched over, and was assisted by his set crew, before returning to the microphone and swearing at the culprit.

Explaining that he only had one good eye after a childhood fight, he said: "The other one has just become a little bit more decorative than it was before… Lucky you hit the bad one".

Regaining his composure, he announced plans to punish the crowd with an "even longer concert" than planned.

Towards the end of the concert, he threw a guitar pick into the crowd and jokingly asked if he'd hit anyone in the eye.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Rishi Sunak says more fines and inspections will help tackle potholes

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has promised a clampdown on potholes, as campaigning for the local elections gets under way.

On a visit to Darlington, in north-east England, he said new powers would help ensure firms repair roads properly after carrying out works, through more fines and inspections.

Some 230 councils across England are holding elections on 4 May.

The PM was in Darlington for a campaign visit, alongside Tees Valley mayor Ben Houchen and local MP Peter Gibson.

The Conservatives are currently the largest party on Darlington Council, after Labour lost control of the council in the 2019 local elections.

The area is part of the so-called Red Wall of former Labour strongholds in the north of England and the Midlands, which the Conservatives are keen to retain at the next general election.

Earlier this week, The Tories also set out plans to tackle anti-social behaviour , including banning the sale of nitrous oxide and making people who vandalise public spaces repair the damage they cause.

The prime minister said the Tories were "delivering locally for the North East", with the government putting more money into fixing potholes and clamping down on utility companies which left behind damage after digging up roads.

"There'll be more fines, more inspections, that's also going to help. We want to make sure it's easy for people to get around," he added.

New regulations, which were announced last year and come into force on Saturday, will bring in a performance-based inspection regime, with companies assessed on the quality of their road repairs and the worst-performing companies inspected more.

The Department for Transport said highway authorities now charged £50 per inspection, and a further £120 for follow-up inspections, so there would be a financial incentive for firms to improve.

The government said it was investing more than £5.5bn between 2020 and 2025 in highways maintenance, with an extra £200m to help fix potholes announced in March's budget.

Labour's shadow transport secretary Louise Haigh accused the government of "playing catch up after its own failures have left UK roads crumbling".

"In 2021 the prime minister vowed to make potholes a thing of the past, but his decisions have left millions of them on our roads," she said.

The Liberal Democrats said the announcement was "nothing new and just a complete re-hash".

Motoring groups have previously called for more investment to help improve the state of the country's roads.

Earlier this month, a survey commissioned by the Asphalt Industry Alliance suggested councils in England and Wales only received two-thirds of what they needed this year to stop local roads further deteriorating.

The organisation said budgets had not kept pace with cost increases and government funding was not enough to prevent further decline of road conditions.

It found that 18% of the local roads network had been assessed as being in poor condition and having less than five years of life remaining.

King Charles and the Queen Consort attend the Royal Maundy Service at York Minster

King Charles has taken part in a centuries-old Easter tradition for the first time since becoming monarch.

He and the Queen Consort handed out specially minted coins at York Minster during a day of visits in the region.

The pouches contained a coin celebrating the King's upcoming 75th birthday, and one marking the 75th anniversary of the Windrush generation.

The tradition of kings and queens distributing gifts on Maundy Thursday dates back to AD600.

The King waved to crowds as he arrived at the medieval cathedral, while a smaller group of protesters holding up placards reading 'Not my King' jeered as the royal car passed.

Queen Consort Camilla meets members of the public in York

The King waved to large crowds as he arrived at York Minster

The King and Queen Consort's car passing a noisy group of protesters

The monarch and the Queen Consort were handed a traditional small bouquet of flowers as they entered the cathedral for a service marking the important Holy Week date, which commemorates Jesus washing his disciples' feet and the Last Supper.

The royal couple were also expected to formally open the Minster's new Refectory Restaurant as part of their visit, which is on the site of a former school that was forced to close in 2020 due to financial difficulties.

The Maundy Money ceremony takes place each year on the Thursday before Easter Sunday, with special coins given to one man and one woman chosen for each year the monarch has lived - 148 in this instance.

A white purse contained silver Maundy coins equivalent in value to the age of the King.

A red purse contained two commemorative coins, which symbolise the sovereign's historic gift of food and clothing.

The first recorded distribution of Maundy money took place at Knaresborough in North Yorkshire by King John in 1210.

Queen Elizabeth II decided the traditional ceremony should take place in a different Anglican cathedral each year, to ensure it was not always held in London.

The coin-giving ceremony has been held at York Minster on two previous occasions by the late Queen, on 5 April 2012 and 30 March 1972.

The archbishop said the monarch's visit was a "joy," especially given that the final choice of location for the Maundy service rests with the King.

"We weren't really expecting this, we were delighted because it's his choice where he comes," he said.

Japan's Emperor Naruhito and Empress Masako are now on Instagram

In 1926, when Japanese Emperor Hirohito ascended the Imperial throne, he was revered by millions of Japanese people as a living god.

Almost 100 years later, the world's oldest continuing monarchy is sporting a very different look.

His grandson, Emperor Naruhito vowed to bring the country's royal family into the modern age when he took over five years ago.

And on Monday, the royal household took a very definite step into the 21st Century: they joined Instagram.

The move comes some 15 years after Britain's royals first made their social media debuts.

"The [Japanese] were perhaps the last notable royal family not to fully engage the digital era," notes social media analyst Andrew Hughes.

But it was an inevitable move. The family had made clear their wish to engage with younger generations and stay relevant; and given those subjects increasingly only get content through their phones, the family would also have to go online.

But for those hoping to get a more authentic glimpse into Imperial Family's day-to-day lives, the 48-hour presence of the @kunaicho_jp account so far might disappoint.

"When I heard [they] created an Instagram, I quickly checked it out. But of course the emperor wouldn't post 'today's lunch (heart emoji)' or anything like that," one fan wrote online.

In the 70 pictures and five videos uploaded across the kunaicho_jp [Imperial Household] profile so far, Emperor Naruhito, Empress Masako and their widely adored only child, the 22-year-old Princess Aiko feature prominently.

But a page divulging personal notes, reflections or even just more candid pictures of the royals this is not.

The British royals - who have had an official Instagram for several years - post different style of images to the new Japanese instagram page

The gallery so far is pretty formal in tone - just a round up of royal duties these last few months: public appearances, visits to museums, earthquake sites and meetings in drawing rooms with royals from other lands. There's some bonsai and a lot of bowing. A birthday celebration post shows the Emperor and Empress seated at a low table, smiling for the cameras.

Instagram influencers go to great lengths to curate the overall look of their grid - for potential new followers to be won over in one glance by a brand that's cohesive and easy on the eye, a definable aesthetic.

The Japanese royals appear to have one too. A melange of beige and grey.

"The account's posts are extremely dull, the same kind of photos it shares in press releases," says Jeffrey Hall, a Japanese studies lecturer at Kanda University.

The Japanese royals hosting a visit with the royals from Brunei

The captions, written solely in Japanese, so far remain just factual recaps of the event shown in photos. Don't expect a casual first name sign-off just yet or any personal musings from the Emperor.

And while they've seized on the Stories function- the tool usually used by Instagram users to post sporadic flashes of life - it appears so far the Imperial Household officials are just using it to showcase the B-roll of event photographs.

"I don't think that the conservative officials at the IHA have any intention of providing an interactive or entertaining experience for their Instagram followers," says Mr Hall.

Crucially, they've also turned the comments off - a trend emerging out of the corporate world, social media analysts note.

"It stops any brand damage from those platforming their own causes, hijacking of comments… and basically diluting the content and harming the brand," says Mr Hughes, who teaches advertising and marketing at the Australian National University.

"They may yet change it but I wouldn't expect that as that would open a can of worms and they have very much seen what happens from overseas examples with other royal families."

Certainly, while the Japanese royals might be making their online debut 15 years later than the Windsors, the furore over a photoshopped image of the Princess of Wales and her family in recent months would certainly be front of mind.

After all, this is a royal family whose Chrysanthemum throne rule and lineage trace millennia, a royal house which did not wish to taint themselves with social media for well over a decade.

"Expect a very tight and narrow narrative and content as the Japanese royal family want to reinforce their conservative and safe brand image," says Mr Hughes. "There will be no (Prince Harry's autobiography) Spare-style works emerging or any Photoshopped dramas."

He notes too that the Japanese have a slightly different relationship with their royals - more reverential, more respectful.

"They don't need to provide constant content initially, just more a subtle reinforcement of brand and minimising AI and disinformation and misinformation by controlling what is released and discussed. For me, this is smart brand management," says Mr Hughes.

And while there have been tabloid scandals in the past, the Imperial Household has worked hard to keep the Crown family clean - by and large, they are still viewed by the Japanese populace as morally upstanding role models.

Posts featuring Princess Aiko, like this one, have received the most likes so far

The family has long used traditional media channels, photography, newspapers and since the Meji period, TV programmes and weekly magazines to get their message across.

"However, these mediums were often employed to reinforce their positive yet distant image rather than fostering familiarity with the public," says Masafumi Moden, a Japanese Studies lecturer at the Australian National University.

It seems with Instagram, the family are continuing that strategy.

Social media might encourage close-ups, but for the Japanese royal family they're content to remain at arms length.

Vladimir Kara-Murza told the court he believed Russia could one day be truthful, democratic and free

Evgenia Kara-Murza has been surviving on autopilot ever since her husband, Vladimir, was convicted of treason for his public criticism of President Vladimir Putin and Russia's war on Ukraine.

On Monday, the Russian opposition politician was sentenced to 25 years in a high security prison and his wife has no idea when she or the couple's three children will ever see him again.

She's been so outspoken herself, she can't risk travelling to Russia in case she too ends up in jail.

"I'm afraid they might detain me to put pressure on Vladimir, and I can't afford him losing my voice as well, or leaving our kids without both parents," Evgenia explained over the phone from the US, where the family live for safety.

She says she's "heartbroken" - she hasn't even been allowed to speak to her husband since his arrest over a year ago - but for now she's numbed herself against the enormity of the verdict to focus on rallying international support.

Vladimir Kara-Murza is also a British citizen, but whilst the US, Canada and Latvia moved quickly to sanction Russian officials they hold responsible for the activist's plight, his own government has been left playing catch-up.

On Friday, the UK Foreign Office announced sanctions against one judge and two investigators involved in Kara-Murza's trial, as well as two Federal Security Service (FSB) agents suspected of links to his sudden, critical illness in 2015 and 2017 caused by a toxin that has never been identified.

Evgenia welcomed that move, but it's well short of the more than 30 names she put forward.

"It only saddens me that it took a year of unlawful detention, a horrific sentence of 25 years in a strict regime and a very concerning deterioration of my husband's health for the British government to move to a somewhat stronger response," she told me, shortly after the announcement.

Vladimir Kara-Murza has again been losing feeling in both his feet and his left hand - symptoms which first appeared after his poisoning. A prison doctor has diagnosed polyneuropathy, which affects the nerves.

"For years, he was able to keep those symptoms at bay with regular exercise, but now they've returned and seem to be spreading," Evgenia says. "I believe the Russian authorities are using it as torture; slowly killing a person."

A college profile photo of a young Vladimir Kara-Murza - he later graduated from Cambridge and returned to Moscow in 2003

Vladimir Kara-Murza was born in Moscow in 1981 and moved to the UK as a teenager when his mother married a Yorkshireman.

He went to public school in Harrow then read history at Cambridge. He has a taste for tweed jackets and smoking pipes, and in one of the letters he sent me from prison, he listed Yes, Minister! and Fawlty Towers among his favourite TV shows.

Kara-Murza is as eloquent in English as in Russian, and uses both to condemn how President Putin has systematically crushed the democratic values that the activist holds so dear.

But his political ambitions have always focused firmly on his homeland. In his application to study at Cambridge, which I was shown, a teenage Kara-Murza described his greatest aspiration as "leading the country in which I was born".

He grew up during Russia's short-lived but intense burst of democratic chaos as the Soviet Union fell apart.

At 13, he even set up his own children's political party and tried to get it registered with the Justice Ministry in Moscow, which refused.

"Even for those democratic days, this was too much," he joked in one letter to me from his cell, with a grinning emoji.

His first significant political memory is of the failed coup in 1991, when hardliners tried to topple Mikhail Gorbachev and reverse his liberalising reforms. Kara-Murza's father joined the giant crowd that built barricades around the parliament then, and the activist describes those as "the best and freest days" in Russia's modern history.

By the time he graduated and returned to Moscow in 2003, President Putin was tightening the political screws.

That autumn, aged 22, Kara-Murza ran for a seat in the Russian parliament and lost. Genuine opposition candidates were still allowed on the ballot in those days, but the city authorities would extinguish the lights on his campaign billboards, and when he appeared in a TV debate, his microphone was cut.

Two decades on, he still refuses to be silenced.

Kara-Murza delivered an address in the Moscow court from a cage of bulletproof glass

His trial for treason was held behind closed doors although no state secrets were involved. Even the official charge sheet makes it clear that he's being punished for challenging the Kremlin: the case is based on public political speeches, made at home and abroad.

So when he gave his final address to the court from a cage of bulletproof glass, the only audience before him was made up of prosecutors, investigators and judges: all cogs in the system that had found the activist guilty the day it ordered his arrest a year earlier.

But the text of his speech was quickly leaked by his supporters who posted it online in a modern-day version of samizdat, the way works of dissident writers were copied and shared in Soviet times.

It was short, under four minutes, if you read it aloud. But Kara-Murza would have weighed every word, aware that it was the most important address of his political life.

It delivers his own, damning judgement of President Putin's rule. He calls Russia's president a "dictator" and "usurper" and condemns his "criminal war" on Ukraine. It's exactly the kind of talk that got him arrested.

Kara-Murza also recalls his great friend and political inspiration, Boris Nemtsov. Once a prominent reformer, Nemtsov was shot and killed in 2015, just metres from the Kremlin. Kara-Murza himself first fell critically ill a few months later.

Kara-Murza (right) seen alongside former Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov

After meeting in England, the two became close allies and friends, later collaborating on a project that was a huge irritant to Russia's most rich and powerful.

They lobbied hard in the US for legislation known as the Magnitsky Act, allowing for punitive sanctions against Russian human rights violators. The bill took aim at a corrupt elite enjoying private schools, bank accounts and extravagant property in the West whilst trampling on basic freedoms at home.

A series of European countries soon passed their own versions of the law and Evgenia Kara-Murza believes the treatment of her husband is payback.

"I think it's for a combination of things, including how he continues being unequivocal in his opposition to the regime and its crimes," she says. "But 35 or 36 countries have the Magnitsky legislation now, which shows that Vladimir is very effective in his work. It's why they hate him so much."

Sergei Podoprigorov, the chief judge who sentenced Kara-Murza to prison, was one of the earliest targets of the list.

But Kara-Murza's "Last Word", his speech to a small, wood-panelled court in Moscow, was more than a denunciation of tyranny and a terrible war. It also conveyed his own dream, of another Russia. A country he still believes can one day be truthful, democratic and free.

"That day will come as surely as spring comes after even the iciest of winters," he insisted from the dock, addressing anyone who might hear, against all the odds.

It's that vision that has carried Vladimir Kara-Murza this far. It's now the faith he must cling to in the solitude of his prison cell.

Last updated on .From the section Premier League

Champions Manchester City will kick off the Premier League season on Friday, 11 August at promoted Burnley - managed by their former captain Vincent Kompany.

Luton Town's first top-flight match since 1992 is at Brighton a day later, when fellow promoted club Sheffield United host Crystal Palace.

Mauricio Pochettino's reign as Chelsea manager begins at home to Liverpool on Sunday, 13 August.

New Tottenham boss Ange Postecoglou takes his side to Brentford that day.
• None Check out your team's fixtures in our club-by-club guide

Manchester United start the season against Wolves at Old Trafford on Monday, 14 August.

Manchester City, who are celebrating a Treble after winning the Premier League, Champions League and FA Cup in 2022-23, are now looking to become the first English team to win four successive titles.

Pep Guardiola's side have won the Premier League in five of the past six seasons.

The 2023-24 Premier League season concludes on Sunday, 19 May 2024.

In a statement on Thursday, the Premier League said it was "committed to giving supporters a minimum of six weeks' notice on broadcasting selections until December 2023, and five weeks' from 24 January 2024".

First round of fixtures in full

The season schedule returns to normal, having been affected first by the Covid-19 pandemic and its knock-on impact, and then by last year's World Cup break.

And the mid-season break returns, with teams given a clear weekend in January. That break is set to be staggered, with some teams given the second weekend of the new year off, and others the third.

Luton's return to the top flight completes a remarkable resurgence; in 2013, they opened their season in the Conference Premier - now the National League - with a defeat at Southport. Ten years on, the Hatters - who defeated Coventry in the Championship play-off final - will welcome Burnley to Kenilworth Road for their first Premier League home game on 19 August.

Work is taking place on the ground, which has a capacity of 10,356, to meet Premier League requirements.

Manchester City finished 2022-23 five points ahead of nearest rivals Arsenal, who start next season at home to Nottingham Forest.

Mikel Arteta's side will host the first north London derby of the season against Tottenham on 23 September, with the return fixture on 27 April.

Liverpool's opener at Chelsea follows a request to the Premier League to start the season away from home, because of ongoing works to expand the Anfield Road Stand.

Jurgen Klopp's side host Bournemouth in their first home match on 19 August. Everton visit Anfield for the first Merseyside derby on 21 October, then host the Reds on 16 March.

New Liverpool signing Alexis Mac Allister returns to Brighton, who have agreed to sign Reds player James Milner, on 7 October.

The first Manchester derby of the season is at Old Trafford on 28 October, with City hosting United at Etihad Stadium on 2 March.
• None Luton's game at Brighton will be their first in the top flight since a 2-1 loss at Notts County in May 1992. They're the 51st team to play in the Premier League, with two of the last three clubs making their debut in the competition winning their opening match (Huddersfield in 2017, Brentford in 2021).
• None Nottingham Forest go to Arsenal, having defeated them 1-0 in their most recent league meeting in May - they have not won consecutive games against the Gunners since September 1978 under Brian Clough.
• None This is just the second time Chelsea and Liverpool will face one another in their opening game of a Premier League season, with the Blues winning 2-1 at Anfield in 2003-04.
• None No team has won their opening Premier League game more often than Manchester United (20).
• None Burnley have won just one of their past 23 league matches against Manchester City (drawing six and losing 16) and have lost the past eight in a row by an aggregate score of 26-1.
• None The last time Tottenham began a Premier League campaign with a London derby was in 2014-15 - they won 1-0 at West Ham in Mauricio Pochettino's first game in charge.
• None West Ham, who visit Bournemouth, have lost their opening Premier League game 15 times - more often than anyone else. David Moyes has lost 10 Premier League openers - more than any other manager.
• None Fulham have faced Everton in their opening game of a top-flight season twice previously and lost both games, losing 3-0 in 1963-64 and 1-0 in 1966-67.
• None Sheffield United have won their opening league game in just one of the past nine seasons (D1 L7), beating Brentford 1-0 in 2017-18. They've lost their last three in a row, only once having a longer such run (four between 1928-29 and 1931-32).
• None Newcastle are unbeaten in their past 14 Premier League home games against Aston Villa (winning eight and drawing six) since a 3-0 loss in April 2005 - a match in which team-mates Kieron Dyer and Lee Bowyer were sent off for fighting each other.
• None Our coverage of your Premier League club is bigger and better than ever before - follow your team and sign up for notifications in the BBC Sport app to make sure you never miss a moment

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Cleaning up the 'cavern of lost souls'

Social media photo seekers are "killing" special places, says a caver after volunteers hauled piles of rubbish out of a 19th Century mine.

Anthony Taylor said a YouTube video of old cars dumped in the Gwynedd quarry had more than six million views, bringing an influx of visitors.

Dozens of photos of the "car grave" have since appeared on Instagram.

But those taking the pictures also left behind rubbish and graffiti.

"They are beautiful places, and a lot of people don't want them to be ruined," said Mr Taylor, 42, from Aberystwyth, Ceredigion.

"Instagram seems to be the killer of a lot of things," he said. "People turn up, take a picture and then leave [a mess]."

Gaewern slate mine is on private land near Corris Uchaf. Mining began in 1820, and continued after a merger with nearby Braichgoch slate mine until the 1970s, employing 200 at its peak.

The "car grave" is illuminated by shafts of light at certain times of day

After it closed, old cars and televisions were dumped into one of the mine's two main chambers above a lake, creating the unusual scene of a rusting scrap metal heap that gets illuminated by shafts of sunlight at certain times of day.

"It's a bizarre environment, probably the one of the oddest places in the world," he remembered from his first visit in 2022.

"How often do you see hundreds of cars underground with lights coming onto them from the sun?"

But to get there, he first had to pass an entrance littered with discarded bin bags that visitors had used to try to keep their feet dry.

The cavers removing graffiti and rubbish from Gaewern in March

"From about 30ft (9m) in, the spray painting starts, and it was awful," he said.

The graffiti gets worse in the main chamber towards the cars, he said, with more rubbish on the floor, including discarded glow sticks and human faeces.

"When you get to the end, it was just a sea of boats, inflatable dinghies everywhere," he said.

"It's just disgusting, really sad and disheartening.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Preserved boots, lanterns and massive machinery frozen in time are captured in videos and photos

"The whole reason people want to visit a place like this is because they've seen it on the internet and think, 'That's an amazing place to go and see', so why would you trash it?"

Mr Taylor said he and his fellow cavers hauled as many dinghies out as they could and held a bigger clean-up with six volunteers on 22 March.

"Something had to be done," he said, estimating his group and another from the YouTube channel Hell on Earth removed 30 discarded dinghies in total.

"The people that go to these places, influencers they call themselves… they go because they've got inherent value to them. Why destroy it for everyone else?"

Caver Gareth Jones and the other volunteers alongside the rubbish brought to the surface

He wants to educate people about the value of old mines, and fears sites like Gaewern could one day be sealed off.

"If these things keep happening, it's going to be lost to everyone forever."

During his many trips to abandoned mines around mid Wales he has found a child's footprint, hobnail boots, tools, miners' gloves and a 170-year-old barrow "still where the miner originally left it".

"If you can't see [the value] in that, I don't know.

"I wouldn't have thought you'd have to teach people these things, but you really do in this day and age."

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This week, scientists published evidence that supermassive black holes send shockwaves which distort space and time as they orbit each other.

One of the groups that made the discovery is the North American Nanohertz Observatory for Gravitational Waves (NANOgrav) Collaboration, which is chaired by Northern Ireland native Dr Stephen Taylor.

The 35-year-old credits his love of all things space-related with seeing a partial solar eclipse during the summer of 1999, which also happened to coincide with the 30th anniversary of the first moon landing.

"The combination of those things and us learning about it at school - it just really sparked my imagination," Dr Taylor said.

He continued his education at Wallace High School in his home town of Lisburn and his passion for science, he says, never left him.

"I was always fascinated by it and that really played a big role in what subjects I chose for GCSE and A-level," he said.

Artist impression: Supermassive black holes at the heart of galaxies spiral in on each other, sending gravitational shock waves across the Universe

While studying for his A-level's, Dr Taylor went for work experience at a laser laboratory in Oxford.

It is there that he had a chance encounter with another Northern Ireland scientist whose work played a large role in his later research.

While at Oxford, he had the opportunity to attend a talk by Dame Jocelyn Bell-Burnell who discovered pulsars while a grad student at Cambridge.

Pulsars are dead stars which rotate and send out bursts of radio signals at extremely precise intervals.

"She gave a fantastic talk and I went up afterwards spouting the popular science I had read, thinking I knew everything," he said.

"But she was just really nice and kind of humoured me, if I am honest."

Pulsars would then be measured by Dr Taylor and his team in this latest paper.

"I think it's really nice that Northern Irish people are on both ends of this - because I certainly didn't hear accents like mine giving these kind of science interviews or talks," he said.

Dr Taylor then went on to do his undergraduate degree at Oxford, followed by a PhD at Cambridge looking at gravitational waves.

"At the time the idea was still theoretical. There were mainstream projects such as Ligo" - the US-based Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory - "but people were more focused on other aspects of physics.

"But my philosophy was, if I am going to do this I am going to enjoy it and this was what fascinated me most."

The first in his family to go to university, Dr Taylor said his parents always encouraged him to make choices that made him happy.

From there, the "Nasa-mad" Dr Taylor had the opportunity to work at the space agency's jet propulsion laboratory before spending some time at the California Institute of Technology.

This led him to begin taking up leadership roles, chairing a working group looking at gravitational waves and getting a permanent position at Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee.

His team have been studying the signals which are emitted by pulsars and the affects of gravitational waves on their frequencies.

Dr Taylor described the radio beams from pulsars as being like light beams from a lighthouse. When the frequency at which they hit Earth changes, this shows gravitational waves as predicted by Einstein.

He said the most plausible cause of these waves is the orbit of supermassive black holes.

"We've seen loads of hints along the way but this is the first evidence in this kind of data set which is really exciting."

Dr Taylor said that, due to the frequencies, these black holes would be billions of times as massive as the sun and sit at the centres of galaxies.

"I never thought I would be involved in something like this. It was fun to be part of the physics and maths problems but I never thought it would get to this point," he said.

Dr Taylor said that the support of family, friends and his schools played a vital role.

"They never put up road blocks. I mean, if someone said they wanted to be a theoretical astrophysicist and try to make a big discovery, many would say, 'Catch yourself on'.

"But no-one ever really said that."

But it is not all plain sailing for people in Dr Taylor's field.

"It is not like in the movies, with a load of scientists around a computer saying, 'We got it; we're in'. There is no eureka moment.

"In this line of work it is a lot more about the small successes. The big breakthrough moments rarely happen and are often a long time coming."

Dr Taylor is looking forward to collaborating with similar projects around the world, combining their readings in order to learn more about these black holes and their gravitational affects.

Footage appears to show the moment a Ukrainian drone hit a building in Russia's Tatarstan region.

Reuters was able to verify the location from the nearby buildings in the town of Yelabuga, more than 1,300km (807 miles) from the Ukraine-Russia border.

The attack is the deepest into Russian territory since the start of the war.

According to media reports, at least 12 people - all of them students - were injured.

Toys and flowers were left at the scene in 2021

A woman charged with murdering her baby and attempting to murder her toddler told a court that her life was "a nightmare".

Giving evidence at Belfast Crown Court, she said she was "beaten, assaulted, threatened, abused" by her partner.

Her trial, now in its fourth week, had to be stopped early after the woman broke down when asked to describe what she had done to her children.

She accepts she stabbed her children in 2021 but denies the charges.

She is charged with murdering her eight-week-old son and attempting to murder his sister on 27 July 2021.

The woman cannot be named to protect the identity of her surviving child.

She told the court she met her partner in 2018 and moved in with him two weeks later.

She claimed he would lock her in the house for several days at a time, sometimes with no food, and would regularly physically and sexually abuse her.

She alleged that on one occasion, when her baby was a week old, she was sexually abused by her partner while both her children slept in the same room.

When asked what her life was like with her partner, she replied: "Like in a dog cage".

She said: "My life was a nightmare."

The woman claimed her partner showed her footage of men with guns, and told her: "These are my friends."

She alleged he threatened her and her family.

The woman said she "urinated" herself because of how scared she was.

She said when she heard her partner turning the key in their front door she would think: "What will he do to me today? How will he abuse me today?"

The woman said that after the birth of her son she felt "really distressed" and had "no help, no support" and was "isolated".

A defence barrister told the jury that as well as murder and attempted murder, they should consider if the defendant might be guilty of infanticide or manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility.

He said they should consider not just what she did, but why she did it.

He told the court her life was "one of horror."

The barrister said: "She lived in fear that he would kill her.

"In a click of his fingers she would be gone, disappeared in seconds.

"It all came tumbling down around her and doing what she did was the only solution she could see."

The barrister asked the woman if she could remember what happened on the day of the stabbings.

She replied: "I remember what I did."

But after being asked to recount what she did to her daughter, the woman repeatedly broke down and the trial was halted for the day.

A man in the US has caught the moment three whales breached in almost perfect synchronisation off the coast of Massachusetts.

Robert Addie and his family were on holiday in Cape Cod when they witnessed the “pretty epic whale moment”.

A scientist confirmed to local media that these were humpback whales.

Satellites captured images of how the gamma blast lit up dust rings in space

Scientists have revealed how Nasa satellites detected the brightest gamma ray explosion in space.

The gamma-ray burst (GRB) occurred two billion light-years from Earth and illuminated much of the galaxy.

Images of the rare and powerful cosmic phenomenon show a halo and "bullseye" like shapes.

Experts, including academics from the University of Leicester, say the GRB was 10 times brighter than any other previously detected.

They have released detailed analysis of the powerful explosion that was spotted on 9 October, 2022.

The blast was officially named GRB 221009A but has been nicknamed the BOAT - Brightest Of All Time - by those working on a mission Nasa calls Swift.

The images captured have shown unprecedented details of GRBs

X-ray astronomer Dr Phil Evans, who leads the University of Leicester's involvement in Swift, said: "We were really lucky to see something like this. We estimate that events this bright occur roughly once every thousand years.

"By studying the evolution of this astonishingly bright GRB in great detail, we can learn a lot about the physics of a blast wave.

"Just like slow-mo cameras reveal details about movement, breaking our data into small time pieces allows us to see how the GRB changes and learn more."

The Swift team said its Neil Gehrels Swift Observatory, a satellite telescope designed to study GRBs from space, was initially unable to observe the burst because the Earth was obstructing its view.

However, 55 minutes later, when the satellite's orbit allowed it to have a clear view of the GRB, its systems successfully detected it and created images of it.

Dr Andy Beadmore, who is also part of the Swift team at the University of Leicester, said: "These patterns are not just beautiful but are also useful scientifically.

"We're seeing a significant amount of dust in our galaxy being lit up by the intense burst of light from the GRB - two billion light years away - like a torch shining through a cloud.

"This lets us study its nature and composition, which was found to extend to large distances from the Sun.

"The brightness of this GRB means that we can collect much better data than normal, and so move beyond simple models of the GRB physics that we normally use - they just can't explain these data."

Dr Evans adds: "Even after 18 years of operation, Swift can still surprise us with something unexpected, awesome, and scientifically powerful, and it can still challenge us.

"Those dust rings may look pretty but they gave us some headaches, they really complicated the data analysis.

"Even with those complications, though, this event gives us an opportunity to study a GRB in unprecedented detail.

"Then there's the beautiful dust halo that Andy discovered.

"This is caused by massive clouds of dust in our galaxy - but it's the light from the GRB, around two billion light years away - that's actually revealed those clouds to us.

"Now, we can measure their distance and their composition using this GRB 'backlight'.

"This discovery is a testament to the power of careful observation and the potential of serendipitous discoveries.

"I'm thrilled that our team was able to contribute to our understanding of the Universe in such a meaningful way."

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, on Twitter, or on Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The home secretary has told police leaders to "ramp up" the use of stop-and-search powers to prevent more knife attacks and "save more lives".

In a message to all 43 forces in England and Wales, Suella Braverman said the "dangerous culture" of carrying weapons must end.

She also called on forces to publish bodycam footage quickly to stop police facing "trial by social media".

Opponents of stop-and-search say it unfairly targets ethnic minorities.

In England and Wales, police can stop and search an individual or vehicle if they have "reasonable grounds" to suspect the person is carrying a weapon, drugs, stolen property or something that could be used to commit a crime.

Critics say the practice disproportionately targets those from ethnic minorities - particularly black men - and can leave people feeling victimised.

But the government says it is a "common sense policing tactic" and the Met Police has described it as a "hugely important power" for protecting the public.

The government said new data shows more than 100,000 weapons have been removed from Britain's streets since 2019 through a range of tactics - almost half of which were seized in stop-and-searches, which have led to more than 220,000 arrests.

In a press release to forces, Ms Braverman said: "My first priority is to keep the public safe, and people who insist on carrying a weapon must know that there will be consequences.

"The police have my full support to ramp up the use of stop-and-search, wherever necessary, to prevent violence and save more lives."

Government statistics suggest black people are seven times more likely to be stopped and searched compared with white people.

And campaign groups have previously warned that relaxing restrictions on police use of the power could compound discrimination.

The Home Office said it accepted that black men were more likely to be stopped by police, but that they were also "disproportionately affected" by knife crime.

The home secretary added: "Every death from knife crime is a tragedy. That's why I also back the police in tackling this blight in communities which are disproportionately affected, such as among young black males. We need to do everything in our power to crack down on this violence."

The Home Office called on officers to use available powers to arrest people who unlawfully obstruct stop-and-searches. It said forces should publish footage from body cameras worn by officers quickly to prevent innocent officers from being "subject to trial by social media".

The Home Office also said it was planning to put into law two conditions for using stop-and-search powers.

The department said police should communicate with "the local community" when putting in place Section 60 orders - that is, stop-and-searches that can be carried out without requiring "reasonable grounds".

Police forces can authorise the use of Section 60 orders in set areas - usually a neighbourhood or sometimes a whole borough - for a defined period of time.

The Home Office also said data on every stop-and-search interaction must continue to be collected for it to publish for transparency and public scrutiny.

The National Police Chief's Council described stop and search as a "valuable policing tool".

Dorset Police Chief Constable Amanda Pearson said: "We know that the use of stop-and-search can have a significant impact on individuals and communities, particularly our black communities and young people.

"It is our responsibility as leaders to ensure that we balance tackling crime with building trust and confidence in our communities."

But former Metropolitan Police Ch Supt Dal Babu said Ms Braverman's attempt to direct officers on stop-and-search was a "very troubling" intervention, and it should be down to local commanders to decide when it is used.

Emmanuelle Andrews, policy and campaigns manager at Liberty, said the home secretary's push was going to do "immense harm to our communities".

The policing watchdog has previously called for an end to the overuse of stop-and-searches on people from black and other ethnic minority backgrounds.

In 2022, the Independent Office for Police Conduct said it was a "legitimate policing tactic", but it was time to "break the cycle" of its disproportionate use, which was causing "trauma" and damaging confidence in policing.

Cardiff University said it is aware of the potential impact of AI programmes on assessments and coursework

University students have confessed to writing essays with the help of ChatGPT's artificial intelligence program.

Cardiff University students said they had received first class grades for essays written using the AI chatbot.

ChatGPT is an AI program capable of producing human-like responses and academic pieces of work.

Cardiff University said it was reviewing its policies and would issue new university-wide guidance shortly.

Tom, not his real name, is one of the students who conducted his own experiment using ChatGPT.

Tom, who averages a 2.1 grade, submitted two 2,500 essays in January, one with the help of the chatbot and one without.

For the essay he wrote with the help of AI, Tom received a first - the highest mark he has ever had at university.

In comparison, he received a low 2.1 on the essay he wrote without the software.

"I didn't copy everything word for word, but I would prompt it with questions that gave me access to information much quicker than usual," said Tom.

He also admitted that he would most likely continue to use ChatGPT for the planning and framing of his essays.

A recent Freedom of Information request to Cardiff University revealed that during the January 2023 assessment period, there were 14,443 visits to the ChatGPT site on the university's own wi-fi networks.

One month before, there were zero recorded visits.

Despite the increase in visits during January's assessment period, the university believes there is nothing to suggest that the visits were for illegitimate purposes.

"Most visits have been identified as coming from our research network - our School of Computer Science and Informatics, for example, has an academic interest in the research and teaching of artificial intelligence," said Cardiff University.

John, not his real name, is another student at the university who admitted using the software to help him with assignments.

"I've used it quite a few times since December. I think I've used it at least a little bit for every assessment I've had," he said.

"It's basically just become part of my work process, and will probably continue to be until I can't access it anymore.

"When I first started using it, I asked it to write stuff like 'compare this niche theory with this other niche theory in an academic way' and it just aced it."

Although ChatGPT does not insert references, John said he had no issue filling those in himself.

"I've also used it to summarise concepts from my course that I don't think the lecturers have been great at explaining," he said.

"It's a really good tool for cutting out the waffle that some lecturers go into for theories which you don't actually need to talk about in essays.

"It probably cuts about 20% of the effort I would need to put into an essay."

Both students said they do not use ChatGPT to write their essays, but to generate content they can tweak and adapt themselves.

As for being caught, John is certain that the AI influence in his work is undetectable.

"I see no way that anyone could distinguish between work completely my own and work which was aided by AI," he said.

However, John is concerned about being caught in the future. He said if transcripts of his communication with the AI network were ever found, he fears his degree could be taken away from him.

"I'm glad I used it when I did, in the final year of my degree, because I feel like a big change is coming to universities when it comes to coursework because it's way too easy to cheat with the help of AI," he said.

"I like to think that I've avoided this, whilst reaping the benefits of GPT in my most important year."

Cardiff University said it took allegations of academic misconduct, including plagiarism, "extremely seriously".

"Although not specifically referenced, the improper use of AI would be covered by our existing academic integrity policy," a spokesman said.

"We are aware of the potential impact of AI programmes, like ChatGPT, on our assessments and coursework.

"Maintaining academic integrity is our main priority and we actively discourage any student from academic misconduct in its many forms."

Extinction Rebellion demonstrators took part in a rally outside Parliament

Thousands of activists marked Earth Day with a demonstration in central London organised by Extinction Rebellion (XR).

Members of the climate group gathered at Parliament Square, in Westminster, on Saturday, for the second day of what they are calling "The Big One".

Some wore fancy dress, including red-robes and masks of King Charles III and Prime Minister Rishi Sunak.

Chris Packham warned the planet is "in crisis" during a speech to the crowds.

The wildlife presenter told protesters their "mission" was to "build as wide a community as possible".

Extinction Rebellion demonstrators took to the streets of London on Saturday

Demonstrators also took part in a "die-in" in London on Saturday

"Our planet is in crisis and if we don't take action then we will not protect that life, which includes us," the 61-year-old said.

Along with Extinction Rebellion members, activists from more than 200 organisations, trade unions and charities also took part in the demonstration.

Jo from Bristol told BBC News he came to the demonstration because he wanted to "send a message to the government that we are not going to stand by until we get change".

Another demonstrator, who is a retired nurse, added that "a lot of health professionals that are working now are seeing more and more the impacts of climate change on people's health, the air quality, the heat".

The family-friendly rallies and marches over the weekend mark a change for the group which is has been known for its disruptive tactics, including blocking roads, throwing paint and smashing windows.

Rob Callender, action co-ordinator from Extinction Rebellion, explained the group was adopting a new peaceful approach after hearing from the public that disruption "is a barrier".

Elsewhere in London, thousands more activists staged a "die-in" on Saturday as part of their efforts to warn about what they said was the future extinction of humanity due to global warming.

The activists said the "die-in" shows that "humans and nature will not survive if nothing is done about climate change".

Saturday's action marks the second of four organised days of protests.

The weekend demonstrations coincide with the TCS London Marathon on Sunday which will see tens of thousand of runners pound the city's streets.

London Mayor Sadiq Khan said he hopes "there is no disruption by XR or anybody else".

The group has said it has worked with the organisers to ensure the marathon will not be disrupted.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: 'I have done nothing wrong' - Nicola Sturgeon

Nicola Sturgeon has said she is certain she has done nothing wrong after appearing in public for the first time since her arrest last Sunday.

Scotland's former first minister told journalists she intended to be back in the Scottish Parliament this week.

Ms Sturgeon was questioned for more than seven hours as part of a police investigation into the SNP's finances.

She temporarily moved out of her Glasgow home after being released without charge.

Returning there a week after her arrest, the former first minister said: "For now, I intend to go home and catch up with family.

"I know I am a public figure - I accept what comes with that. But I'm also a human being that is entitled to a bit of privacy."

When asked if she had considered stepping back from the SNP, Ms Sturgeon said: "I have done nothing wrong and that is the only thing I am going to assert today."

Ms Sturgeon's husband Peter Murrell did not return to the house at the same time.

Police Scotland has been investigating for the past two years what happened to more than £600,000 of donations given to the SNP by independence activists.

As part of Operation Branchform, officers searched Ms Sturgeon's home and the SNP's headquarters in Edinburgh on 5 April.

Ex-SNP chief executive Peter Murrell, was arrested before later being released without charge pending further investigation.

A luxury motorhome which costs about £110,000 was also seized by police from outside the home of Mr Murrell's mother in Dunfermline.

Almost two weeks later, SNP treasurer Colin Beattie was also arrested and released without charge while further inquiries were carried out.

Ms Sturgeon, Mr Murrell and Mr Beattie were the three signatories on the SNP's accounts and the arrest of the former first minister had been widely expected - although there was no indication of when it was going to happen.

She announced on 15 February that she would be standing down as both SNP leader and first minister once a successor was elected, with Humza Yousaf winning the contest to replace her.

Ms Sturgeon said at the time that she knew "in my head and in my heart" that it was the right time to go, and has since denied the timing was influenced by the police investigation.

She was Scotland's longest-serving first minister and the only woman to have held the position.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Crews in Vermont are assessing the damage after a storm dumped up to two months of rain on the state in a matter of days, triggering dangerous flash floods that submerged homes.

The state's governor said there had been "historic and catastrophic" flooding. Some areas saw more than 9in (0.22m) of rain.

In the capital city, Montpelier, crews are beginning to clear debris and inspect buildings.

More rain is expected later this week.

People in Montpelier as well as nearby Berlin have been told to boil their water, amid concerns that the flooding may have contaminated drinking water.

The picture is similar elsewhere in the state, such as in the town of Ludlow, where the scale of the damage is only starting to become clear as the floodwater recedes.

"I talked to people today that said my house is gone," said Ludlow Municipal Manager Brendan McNamara. "[We] sustained catastrophic damage. We just really took the brunt of the storm."

A freight track on the Green Mountain Railroad that runs through the town was left dangling in the sky after the floods carved a deep gorge underneath it.

A spokesperson for the Vermont Rail System told the BBC's US partner CBS News that operations had been "temporarily suspended" due to "a washout".

Andrew Molen, the co-owner of a restaurant in the town, told the outlet that the flooding there was "devastating" and his business was in a mess.

"We lost bridges, we lost roads, cars went down rivers, the power, there was such force it was moving dumpsters that were full," he said.

Some Vermont residents returned to their homes on Tuesday to survey the damage caused by the floods

Vermont's commissioner of public safety, Jennifer Morrison, told CNN on Wednesday more than 200 people have been rescued and over 100 evacuations had been performed. She called the situation "an absolute crisis" that could take years - potentially even a decade - to repair.

There had been concerns about several dams in the state as they neared capacity, but on Tuesday night Montpelier officials said the Wrightsville Dam was "beginning to recede" and both major rivers were "now below flood stage".

"It looks like [the dam] won't breach. That is good. That is one less thing we have to have on our front burner," Montpelier Town Manager Bill Fraser said.

An emergency order was lifted on Tuesday in the city even as some streets remained underwater after the Winooski River burst its banks.

But Governor Phil Scott urged caution over the coming days.

"We expect more rain later this week which will have nowhere to go in the over-saturated ground," he said. "We're not out of the woods - this is nowhere near over."

He added that the deluge in some parts of the state had surpassed that seen during Tropical Storm Irene in 2011, which killed six people in Vermont.

Kelly Tackett, who owns the Minikin children's store in Montpelier, was unable to get through the floodwaters on Tuesday to check on her deluged business.

But upon seeing pictures of the ruined premises taken by a photojournalist she said she was in tears and feared her business may not recover.

"This was my lifelong dream shop," she told the Burlington Free Press.

The National Weather Service forecasts more rain for Thursday and Friday in Vermont, but no more torrential downpours.

Flood watches remain in effect for parts of New York, Massachusetts, Maine, New Hampshire and Connecticut.

In New York state, which has also seen some of the worst flooding in years, a woman named by authorities as Pamela Nugent, 43, died in Orange County after she was swept away while trying to flee her home with her dog.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Homes, businesses and roads were significantly damaged in the county.

Many factors contribute to flooding, but a warming atmosphere caused by climate change makes extreme rainfall more likely.

The world has already warmed by about 1.1C since the industrial era began and temperatures will keep rising unless governments around the world make steep cuts to emissions.

The fire happened near the Dubai Creek in one of the oldest parts of the city

Sixteen people are dead and nine others injured after a fire at a residential building in Dubai, local media report.

The blaze happened in the Al-Ras area, one of the oldest parts of Dubai. It is home to many migrant workers and traders.

The fire broke out on the fourth floor of the five-storey building, according to local media reports.

Dubai Civil Defence said it was caused by a lack of compliance with building security and safety requirements.

Fire crews arrived on the scene at 12:41 local time (09:41 GMT) on Saturday.

The Al-Ras area is near the city's gold and spice markets, which are popular tourist attractions.

Dubai Civil Defence told UAE newspaper The National that an investigation into the deadly blaze was under way.

It said it was important that "residential and commercial building owners and residents" fully comply "with security and safety requirements and guidelines to avoid accidents and protect people's lives".

Among the dead are four Indian and three Pakistani nationals, local media say.

Salinga Gudu told The National that his brother Gudu Saliyakoondu, a watchman from India's Tamil Nadu state, had died trying to save residents inside the building.

"I was so scared because that is the building my brother works in. He went up to help and never came back down," he said.

No-one has yet been arrested as part of the investigation.

Coverage: Live across BBC TV, radio and online with extensive coverage on BBC iPlayer, Red Button, Connected TVs and mobile app. More coverage details

A year ago, Ons Jabeur had a photo of the Wimbledon women's trophy on her phone screen as she chased history.

She swiftly erased it after missing out on the real thing but on Saturday has another chance when she faces Marketa Vondrousova in the final (14:00 BST).

The popular Tunisian hopes her third major final proves lucky as she aims to be the first African or Arab woman to win a Grand Slam singles title.

"Hopefully, I can make history not just for Tunisia but for Africa," she said.

Like last year, sixth seed Jabeur heads into the women's final as the favourite. The 28-year-old faces Vondrousova, who is ranked at number 42 and is also aiming for her own slice of history by becoming the first unseeded woman to lift the Venus Rosewater Dish.

Vondrousova, 24, was in London as a tourist with her wrist in a plaster cast when Jabeur lost to Elena Rybakina last year, following the surgery that sidelined her for six months.

"I'm just so grateful to be here. It's crazy that this is happening," Vondrousova said.

The Czech was runner-up in the 2019 French Open as a 19-year-old, so like Jabeur - who lost in the US Open final two months after her Wimbledon disappointment - has previous Grand Slam final experience to draw on.

Jabeur going to 'learn' from last year

In the Open era, only one player representing an African nation has won a Slam singles title - South Africa's Johan Kriek at the 1981 Australian Open. Kriek also won again a year later, although by then he was representing the United States.

As Jabeur seeks to become the first woman from the continent to triumph, she has been motivated by revenge at the All England Club and used that to despatch Rybakina in the quarter-finals.

The Kazakh was one of four Grand Slam champions Jabeur has had to beat in a tricky route to the final, having also made it past Australian Open title holder Aryna Sabalenka, two-time Wimbledon winner Petra Kvitova and 2019 US Open champion Bianca Andreescu.

She says when it comes to the final, it makes no difference whether you are facing a major champion or not.

"I think a final is a final," Jabeur said. "Whoever could handle more the emotions, whoever could be more ready on the court, will definitely win that match."

Jabeur's run to another major final has come in a stop-start season where she has been hampered by injury and had minor knee surgery.

In typical fashion for a player known as the 'Minister of Happiness' back home, she sees the positives from those troubles and last year's disappointments.

"[The injuries] teach me how to be very patient and accept whatever happened to me ... because it was out of my control," she said.

"I mean, if you tell me you [would] get injured and be in the final of Wimbledon, I would take it."

Jabeur, whose emotional displays have won her many fans, is also hoping it will be third time lucky.

"I'm going to learn a lot from not only Wimbledon's final but also the US Open final, and give it my best," she said. "Maybe this year was all about trying two times and getting it right the third time."

And perhaps to avoid jinxing things, she has revealed this year what is on her phone's lock screen to motivate her this time round, telling reporters: "You're going to know after the final."

No clothing sponsor yet, but cat sitter is sorted for Vondrousova

Vondrousova has come through tough tests in the past two rounds, knocking out American fourth seed Jessica Pegula in the quarter-finals before a two-set win over Elina Svitolina. The latter came in front of a partisan Centre Court crowd, who were emotionally invested in Ukrainian Svitolina's run that came nine months after having a baby and against the backdrop of war.

She is the latest in a long line of Czech female tennis players to reach Grand Slam finals, with nine major women's singles finals in the last 10 years - including Saturday's match - featuring players from the country.

But grass is not her best surface and certainly not one on which she would have expected to win a major title.

"When it was clay or hard, maybe I would say, yeah maybe it's possible," said Vondrousova, who has been flying so far under the tennis radar recently that she no longer has a clothing sponsor.

"But grass was impossible for me. It's even crazier that this is happening."

So unexpected was her run that she told her husband to stay at home in Prague to look after their cat, Frankie.

She has now changed her mind.

"We texted the cat sitter to come to our home," she said. "He [husband] is coming tomorrow."

Former world number one Tracy Austin on BBC's Today at Wimbledon: "This is the major she [Jabeur] wants. She's put Wimbledon above everything else on the tour. It's what she's wanted her entire career since she was a little girl.

"Last year it was either 50-50 or Rybakina with a little bit of an edge. But now she's against Vondrousova - number 42 in the world, unseeded, the first unseeded finalist in 60 years, and she's just been playing with house money.

"Remember in the quarter-finals, Vondrousova was down 4-1 in the final set [against Pegula] and somehow turned that around. She's loosened up and doesn't seem to be bothered about what stage it is. She's been to one final before, Roland Garros a few years back, it will be very interesting."

Nine-time Wimbledon singles champion Martina Navratilova on BBC's Today at Wimbledon: "[Vondrousova] has a nice game for grass. Obviously, the variety works for every surface but especially on grass with the drop shots and the slices.

"She's only won four matches on grass in her career [before this fortnight] and she's been around for six or seven years. So really it's surprising she hasn't done better, but she's finally putting things together.

"[Against Svitolina] she was firing on all cylinders and looked a veteran of grass-court play.

"Clearly, Vondrousova likes the roof closed. It takes the wind out of the equation, and you can just hit your shots knowing the ball will land where it's supposed to. Vondrousova should play the final hoping the roof will be closed."
• None Alerts: Get tennis news sent to your phone

Mark Gordon and Constance Marten have now been found and arrested in Brighton - this CCTV image shows them in London in January

The police search for Constance Marten and Mark Gordon - and their newborn baby - began in early January, after the couple's car was found burning on the side of the motorway.

Police said Ms Marten, 35, had given birth one or two days before the fire, and had not been seen by medical professionals. Gordon, her partner, is a convicted sex offender.

The couple had left their home in Eltham, south-east London, in September, after Ms Marten first showed signs of pregnancy.

After the car fire in January, the couple were on the move for a total of 53 days before being found - apparently evading police. They were arrested on 27 February.

Police said the pair would look away or cover their faces whenever they were near CCTV cameras. In the images of them that have been captured, they can often be seen wearing face masks.

Detectives also said Ms Marten was from a wealthy family, from whom she was estranged after meeting 48-year-old Gordon, and that her inherited wealth could allow the couple to live off-grid for some time.

This is what we know about the couple's movements, based on CCTV images.

CCTV still released by police of the couple's car on fire on the hard-shoulder of the M61 in Bolton on the evening of 5 January

The investigation began after a car was found on fire at around 18.30 on Thursday 5 January on the hard shoulder of the M61 near Bolton. The owners were not there, and police believe the fire had destroyed their belongings.

It was established that the car belonged to Constance Marten and Mark Gordon and that they had safely left the scene.

In the first few days after their disappearance, the pair travelled from the Bolton area to Liverpool, Essex, London and East Sussex, all in quick succession.

The couple were initially seen with carrier bags and a pushchair.

Police believe the couple first travelled to Liverpool and from there took a taxi to Harwich in Essex, arriving at about 03:30 on Friday 6 January.

A member of the public saw Marten, Gordon and a baby in Harwich at about 09:00 on Saturday 7 January. There were also several confirmed sightings of them in Colchester on 6 and 7 January.

The pair were later seen on CCTV near East Ham Station in east London between 10:30 and 12:30 on Saturday 7 January.

The couple in East Ham on CCTV

The same day, they took a taxi from East Ham to Whitechapel - another part of east London - and can be seen arriving on Whitechapel Road at around 18:15 with a pushchair and large carrier bag.

CCTV captured the couple arriving in Whitechapel by taxi on 7 January

Gordon is initially seen wearing plastic bags on his shoes, which he later removes.

CCTV of the couple walking along Whitechapel Road shortly after 6pm on 7 January

Minutes later, Gordon visits the Whitechapel Argos, where he buys camping equipment, including a blue two-person tent, two sleeping bags and two pillows. Police say this sparked fears the couple may have been camping in freezing temperatures.

CCTV image of Mark Gordon in Whitechapel with Argos bags after he bought camping gear

CCTV shows Gordon walking with the two bulky Argos bags.

The couple then walked in the Whitechapel Road area for the next few hours, and tried unsuccessfully to flag down three separate taxis before walking to nearby Brick Lane.

Mark Gordon and Constance Marten on Brick Lane in east London

The couple walked to Flower and Dean Walk near Brick Lane at about 23:45, and appeared to dump various items, including the pushchair, before getting a taxi to Harringey, north London.

Mark Gordon and Constance Marten walking through Flower and Dean Walk near Brick Lane, east London, after dumping items including a pushchair

At 01:24 on Sunday 8 January, they got in another taxi in Allison Road, Haringey, and travelled for over three hours to Newhaven in East Sussex, where they got out just outside the port at 04:56.

CCTV of Mark Gordon and Constance Marten in Newhaven (in red ring)

CCTV sighting of the couple near a petrol station on Avis Road in Newhaven, East Sussex

Just over an hour later, they were seen walking along Cantercrow Hill in Newhaven into some fields, where they were believed to have set up camp.

CCTV of Constance Marten and Mark Gordon on Cantercrow Hill in Newhaven

Following this final sighting, there were no new confirmed sightings of the couple and baby for many weeks.

They were next seen at around 21:30 on 27 February in Stanmer Villas, Brighton, around half an hour's drive from Newhaven.

The couple were found and arrested on suspicion of child neglect in Stanmer Villas on the same night, but their baby remains missing.

On 28 February they were further arrested on suspicion of manslaughter, as police said they now had to consider the possibility that the baby had "come to harm".

Police are now focusing their efforts on finding the child in an "urgent search" using helicopters, drones and police dogs.

They have been looking through an allotment and golf course on the Sussex Downs - and local people have been asked to check sheds and outhouses.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Heavy snow has caused widespread disruption to schools, roads and rail services in mid and north Wales for a second day.

A Met Office yellow warning for snow was in place until about midday as the Arctic blast continued to hit the UK.

A further yellow warning for ice until 10:00 GMT on Saturday warns of temperatures as low as -11C (12F).

More than 350 schools were closed on Friday and people were urged to avoid travelling.

Sixty-two homes in Merthyr Tydfil lost power on Friday morning but this has since been restored.

Meanwhile, SP Energy Networks also reported power cuts in the Mold area, at Carmel, Greenfield, near Holywell, in the Whitford area, Flintshire, and at Bwlchgwyn, near Wrexham.

Transport for Wales has suspended its trains between Blaenau Ffestiniog and Llandudno, and Shrewsbury and Llanelli via the Heart of Wales on Friday due to the weather.

The provider added that passengers were advised not to attempt travel.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Trafnidiaeth Cymru Trenau Transport for Wales Rail This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. End of twitter post by Trafnidiaeth Cymru Trenau Transport for Wales Rail

Heavy snowfall led to the closure of several major roads on Friday, but traffic conditions improved throughout the day.

The A458 remains closed in both directions at Buttington, Powys, from the Buttingdon roundabout to Halfway House.

A section of the A55 was closed earlier but has since re-opened, Traffic Wales said.

Traffic cameras show snowy conditions on the A55 in Flintshire

North Wales Police said it was "advising motorists to only travel if necessary" on Friday morning.

"We are experiencing a high number of calls, please be patient and only use the 999 line in an emergency," the force added.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post 2 by Derek Brockway - weatherman This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

It is estimated some areas could see up to 30cm (12in) of snow, with a snow depth of 27cm (10.6in) at Capel Curig, Conwy county, the greatest depth so far recorded in the UK.

At 09:00, Met Office weather stations recorded 16cm (6in) of snowfall in Lake Vyrnwy, Powys, 5cm (1.9in) in Hawarden, Flintshire and Bala, Gwynedd, and 4cm (1.5in) in Sennybridge, Powys.

At Llanrwst, Conwy county, paramedic Tom McLay skied to his job in the town's ambulance station from his home in Capel Curig about 9 miles (14kms) away.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post 3 by Welsh Ambulance This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Lynda Jones, who owns Fronheulog Caravan Park in Lake Vyrnwy, said she was "so glad" the caravan site is shut until 1 April.

The site homes sheep and two horses, which she admitted were lapping up the snow.

"They love it because they're so young - they're out in the snow playing, they're like little kids," she said.

Katie Wilby, of Flintshire council, told Radio Wales Breakfast: "It's pretty challenging conditions. We've had gritting crews out ploughing and gritting all night. We've had extra vehicles out.

"There has been significant snowfall overnight. We've seen 20 to 40 centimetres in places, particularly on high ground, but I think most parts of Flintshire have seen snow this morning and will wake up to snow.

"It's coming down as fast as we're clearing it at the moment so it's really tricky."

Ms Wilby added that the authority has spread about 360 tonnes of gritting salt and covered 1,466 miles (2,360km) of road in 36 hours.

She said some disruption must be expected, adding: "We are working really hard to keep the roads open but I would advise that people don't travel unless absolutely necessary."

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post 4 by Arriva Buses Wales This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Councillor Hugh Jones, lead member for environment at Wrexham council, added: "All our resources have been out overnight. The work has been hampered by a number of fallen trees as well, but we have managed to get the main routes open.

"The advice is if you don't have to travel, don't travel, because there will be enough people who have to travel to spread the salt.

"People have to understand that our teams have been working for over 24 hours, so it's really a tough time."

Arriva bus said that Wrexham services suspended on Friday morning have since returned to operation but buses would only be using the main roads until further notice.

Both Wrexham and Flintshire councils have also confirmed that all refuse and recycling collections will be suspended on Friday, with updates posted to their respective websites.

Tucker and Molly enjoying the snow in Pandy, Wrexham on Thursday

Helen Kynaston, of the Newtown Community Cafe in Powys: "This morning it was snowing really heavily early on.

"Yesterday was a major challenge and we only had a handful of customers, but our chef managed to get in. It took my neighbours and I about three-quarters of an hour to dig [us] out.

"We made the bowling club really nice and warm and we had requests from our regular customers who really struggled, so we delivered to them which we don't normally do on a Thursday."

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post 5 by BBC Weather This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Meanwhile, Brian Dulson from Tanat Valley Coaches said the company has had to cancel its Powys services for a second day.

He said: "Still pretty heavy in the last couple of hours. Our local schools are closed.

"Everywhere the snow is really bad, so it's getting the buses out because if you get stuck in the snow it's a nuisance. We've got little lanes and side roads, our routes are not just on the main roads."

Lucy Letby's trial has been hearing about her police interviews following her arrest

Nurse Lucy Letby told police she did not question a spike in baby deaths on her neonatal ward and it did not need "to be looked into", a court has heard.

Ms Letby has denied murdering seven babies and attempting to murder 10 others at the Countess of Chester Hospital in 2015 and 2016.

Manchester Crown Court heard she told police the sudden rise was "a shock".

Officers also asked her if she thought her presence at the incidents was "bad luck", to which she replied: "Yes."

The court heard police interview summaries in relation to a number of infants in the case.

In them, officers asked Ms Letby what she was thinking in June 2015 after a "spike" in baby collapses.

"That it was a shock," Ms Letby said.

Asked how she coped with the sudden rise in fatal and near-fatal incidents, she said: "You just have to find a way to deal with it and carry on."

She told police she did not question why the spike had happened as she "didn't feel there was anything that needed to be looked into, it was just a shock for everybody".

The court heard earlier that Ms Letby was seen standing at the cot side of a baby boy who collapsed six minutes after she had a "frustrating" text conversation with a colleague.

The baby, known as Child C, is alleged to have been the second baby murdered by Ms Letby at the Countess of Chester Hospital's neonatal unit.

The jury has previously heard that on the night Child C collapsed, in June 2015, Ms Letby was the designated nurse for another baby in nursery three.

Jurors have heard Sophie Ellis, the nurse caring for Child C, went briefly to the nurses' station and whilst there she heard Child C's monitor sound an alarm.

When she re-entered nursery one, Ms Letby was already standing next to the cot and told her: "He's just dropped his heart rate and saturations."

Ms Letby was asked by police why she was in nursery one, despite having another child to care for in nursery three.

She told officers: "I don't remember specifically when or why I entered the room."

Lucy Letby is accused of murdering babies at Countess of Chester Hospital

Ms Letby said she could have entered nursery one to carry out "checks" on equipment or said she may have heard Child C's alarm sounding.

She agreed with detectives that she was "frustrated" at not being asked to work in nursery one that evening.

The court later heard that six minutes prior to Child C's alarm sounding, Ms Letby was texting an off-duty colleague to say she had wanted to be in nursery one because it would be cathartic for her and would help her to see a living baby in the space previously occupied by Child A, who died the previous week.

Ms Letby agreed with the interviewing officer she was "frustrated" and "upset" by the text conversation, as she was not receiving the emotionally supportive messages she expected.

Ms Letby was asked, in her police interview, "did you cause (Child C) to collapse six minutes after that conversation?"

She responded "no" and denied causing the infant any harm.

Summaries of interviews in relation to Ms Letby's first alleged victims, twins Child A and B, were also read to the court.

She told officers she could not explain Child A's death or Child B's near fatal collapse.

When it was put to her that medical experts had concluded the likely cause was an injection of air into their bloodstreams, she said: "I didn't do anything deliberately to harm" both Child A and B.

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Harry and Megan Tooze were killed at their farmhouse home in Llanharry on 26 July 1993

Police hope advances in forensic science will finally lead them to the killer who brutally murdered a married couple at their farmhouse 30 years ago.

Harry and Megan Tooze were shot dead at their home in Llanharry, Rhondda Cynon Taf, on 26 July 1993.

Their daughter's boyfriend Jonathan Jones was found guilty of their murders and sentenced to life in prison in 1995, but was later freed on appeal.

South Wales Police has launched a forensic review into the cold case.

The announcement comes on the 30-year anniversary of the double murder that shocked a close-knit rural village and intrigued the nation.

The force will be working alongside forensic scientist Angela Gallop, whose work has helped solve notorious cases such as the killings of Lynette White and Damilola Taylor and the Pembrokeshire murders.

Supt Mark Lewis, who is leading the review, said they would be looking at exhibits retained from the original case using the latest forensic techniques.

The case remains one of Wales' most notorious unsolved murders

"As years have gone on, forensic science has moved on, there are new sensitivities in relation to DNA, in relation to the way we look at other evidence, whether that's fibres, whether that's blood," he said.

When asked how likely it was that they would ever solve the murders, he said: "The honest answer is I don't know if we will find the killer from this forensic review - we know forensic science has moved on, there might be other opportunities now. I am cautiously optimistic but I can't say if we will or not."

Supt Lewis appealed for anyone with information to come forward.

"To kill two people in their own home with a shotgun in broad daylight - I think that would be a difficult secret to keep, so I wouldn't be surprised if somebody knows who the killer is and where information might be to lead us to that killer," he said.

Anyone with information has been asked to submitted it to the investigation using an online public portal.

The bodies of the couple, who were in their 60s, were found in the cowshed at their farm the day after they were reported missing.

They had both been shot in the head with a shotgun and covered in carpet.

The couple were shot dead at their home in Llanharry

A neighbour later told police they had heard two gunshots at about 13:30 on the day they were reported missing but had assumed Harry was out shooting rabbits.

At the time, their daughter Cheryl's boyfriend Jonathan Jones, then 35, was a self-employed recruitment consultant.

He told police on the day the Toozes were killed he took the day off work and went into Orpington to look for office space to rent, but police could not find anybody who had seen him that day.

The Toozes' daughter Cheryl and Jonathan Jones at their funeral

His partial thumbprint was also on a cup and saucer that had been found in the couple's living room.

He was arrested in December, five months after the murders.

Cheryl stood by him, moving in with his family in Caerphilly after his arrest.

A year after his conviction Jonathan Jones was released on appeal. Three appeal court judges took five minutes to reach their decision.

The original trial judge was criticised and it emerged police had failed to seal the crime scene properly.

Cheryl Tooze and Jonathan Jones kissing outside court after his conviction was quashed

Former BBC Wales journalist Penny Roberts was the first reporter on the scene in 1993 and reported on the case throughout her career.

She recalled arriving to a "terrible scene" shortly after the bodies were discovered.

"There was blood in the cowshed, it was a very sobering scene," she said.

She hopes the forensic review will finally lead police to the killer.

"The community of Llanharry and Harry and Megan's own family really want justice now," she said.

"At first we all thought it was a random killer, then it was almost like an execution.

"Either way, everybody was very, very frightened and even now, 30 years on, there's rumour and gossip around these murders and I think for them, for the community, they need answers."

The shockwaves triggered by the impact of Russia's invasion on food and energy bills have been felt globally. But inflation in the UK has climbed faster and been more stubborn than in the US and EU.

Some, including Mark Carney, the former governor of the Bank of England, claim Brexit may be to blame. But it's a complex picture.

Singling out the impact of Brexit isn't easy, especially with the effects of a pandemic and a war. But there is evidence that the red tape - the form filling and other hurdles - required to bring goods into the country may have added to food bills.

More than a quarter of our food is imported from the EU.

Researchers at the London School of Economics (LSE) compared how the prices of some of those items rose compared with those of food from elsewhere. The differences may reflect other factors, and may not be purely down to Brexit.

But the academics claimed that if they were, then the extra red tape could have added £250 in total to the typical household's grocery shopping bills between December 2019 and March 2023, with meat and cheese particularly affected.

Most of that rise - about £210 - they say came through before our current cost-of-living crunch, in 2020 and 2021, as businesses were preparing and first implementing the new processes.

But in total, the LSE team reckons the changes could have accounted for over a quarter of the rise in food bills we've seen since the end of 2019. By contrast, the cost savings in new trade deals agreed since then have been minimal.

So while Brexit may not have been the biggest reason for our surging food inflation, the higher costs it added may have played a significant part.

But here's a small crumb of comfort - even with these changes, academics at Oxford Economics believe food is 7% cheaper in the UK than on average in the EU.

And official statistics show a smaller part of spending in the UK goes on food - less than £1 in every £8 - than in France or Germany.

However, a trip to the butchers, deli counter or nipping out for a pizza could become still more expensive.

The remainder of post-Brexit import checks and formalities on items brought into the UK to guard against risks to animal health and food fraud are due to be phased in from October, after they were postponed during the pandemic.

The government has streamlined several processes in the meantime, considerably reducing the extra bills importers were due to face.

But meat, dairy or fish products, for example, will have to be signed off as safe by a vet before entry, at a cost of hundreds of euros.

Every consignment of goods in such medium- and high-risk categories entering the UK will face a new charge at border posts of up to £43.

The changes will cost businesses hundreds of millions of pounds per year. And customers may ultimately foot the bill.

Meanwhile, the end of free movement means 330,000 fewer workers in the UK, according to one estimate from economists at the Centre for European Reform.

That is 1% of the workforce, but it is hitting some sectors harder than others - transport, hospitality and retail are all seeing more acute staff shortages.

Such employers tend to have to offer larger pay rises to attract and keep staff. While that is good news for those in work, who might have scored a bigger pay rise than they would have done otherwise, those costs are often passed on to customers.

Then there is a less visible possible impact. Investment - in things like equipment, skills and IT - has stalled since the referendum.

Economists, including those at the government's own independent forecasters, say part of that gap may reflect Brexit-related costs or uncertainty. That makes the UK less efficient than it could be, meaning the cost of producing stuff is higher.

But with the Windsor Framework settling the arrangements for trading with the EU between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland, economists hope some uncertainty has disappeared, and investment may get a boost. But that takes time.

The current inflation shock is truly global. But those escalating bills in the UK may come with a Brexit surcharge on top - just when households and businesses feel they can least cope.

An unprecedented analysis of how cancers grow has revealed an "almost infinite" ability of tumours to evolve and survive, say scientists.

The results of tracking lung cancers for nine years left the research team "surprised" and "in awe" at the formidable force they were up against.

They have concluded we need more focus on prevention, with a "universal" cure unlikely any time soon.

Cancer Research UK said early detection of cancer was vitally important.

The study - entitled TracerX - provides the most in-depth analysis of how cancers evolve and what causes them to spread.

Cancers change and evolve over time - they are not fixed and immutable. They can become more aggressive: better at evading the immune system and able to spread around the body.

A tumour starts as a single, corrupted cell, but becomes a mixture of millions of cells that have all mutated in slightly different ways.

TracerX tracked that diversity and how it changes over time inside lung cancer patients and say the results would apply across different types of cancer.

"That has never been done before at this scale," said Prof Charles Swanton, from the Francis Crick Institute and University College London.

More than 400 people - treated at 13 hospitals in the UK - had biopsies taken from different parts of their lung cancer as the disease progressed.

"It has surprised me how adaptable tumours can be," Prof Swanton told me.

"I don't want to sound too depressing about this, but I think - given the almost infinite possibilities in which a tumour can evolve, and the very large number of cells in a late-stage tumour, which could be several hundred billion cells - then achieving cures in all patients with late-stage disease is a formidable task."

Prof Charles Swanton says challenge of tumours evolving inside our body means we need to focus on preventing cancer.

Prof Swanton said: "I don't think we're going to be able to come up with universal cures.

"If we want to make the biggest impact we need to focus on prevention, early detection and early detection of relapse."

Obesity, smoking, alcohol and poor diet all increase the risk of some cancers. Tackling inflammation in the body is also being seen as a way of preventing cancer. Inflammation is the likely explanation for air pollution causing lung cancers and inflammatory bowel disease increasing the risk of colon cancer.

The evolutionary analysis has been published across seven separate studies in the journals Nature and Nature Medicine.

The researchers hope the findings could, in the future, help them predict how a patient's tumour will spread and to tailor treatment.

Dr David Crosby, the head of prevention and early detection at Cancer Research UK, said: "The exciting results emerging from TracerX improve our understanding that cancer is a disease which evolves as it progresses, meaning that late-stage cancers can become very hard to treat successfully.

"This underscores the crucial importance of further research to help us to detect cancers at the earliest stages of their development or even better, to prevent them from happening at all."

Troubled banking giant Credit Suisse says it will borrow up to 50bn francs ($54bn; £44.5bn) from the Swiss central bank to shore up its finances.

The lender said it was taking decisive action to strengthen its liquidity as it looked to become a simpler bank.

Shares in Credit Suisse fell 24% on Wednesday after it said it had found "weakness" in its financial reporting.

This prompted a general sell off on European markets, and fears of a wider financial crisis.

Credit Suisse said its borrowing measures demonstrated "decisive action to strengthen [the bank]".

"My team and I are resolved to move forward rapidly to deliver a simpler and more focused bank built around client needs," Credit Suisse's chief executive Ulrich Koerner said in a statement.

Problems in the banking sector surfaced in the US last week with the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank, the country's 16th-largest bank, followed two days later by the collapse of Signature Bank.

After Credit Suisse shares plunged on Wednesday, a major investor - the Saudi National Bank - said it would not inject further funds into the Swiss lender.

The worries spread across financial markets with all major indexes falling sharply.

"The problems in Credit Suisse once more raise the question whether this is the beginning of a global crisis or just another 'idiosyncratic' case," wrote Andrew Kenningham of Capital Economics.

The Swiss National Bank, which is Switzerland's central bank, and the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority sought to calm investor fears, saying they were ready to help Credit Suisse if necessary.

Strict rules apply to Swiss financial institutions to "ensure their stability" and Credit Suisse meets the requirements for banks considered systemically important, the regulators said.

"There are no indications of a direct risk of contagion for Swiss institutions due to the current turmoil in the US banking market," they said in a joint statement.

The BBC understands that the Bank of England has been in touch with Credit Suisse and the Swiss authorities to monitor the situation.

Credit Suisse, founded in 1856, has faced a string of scandals in recent years, including money laundering charges and other issues.

It lost money in 2021 and again in 2022 - its worst year since the financial crisis of 2008 - and has warned it does not expect to be profitable until 2024.

Shares in the firm had already been severely hit before this week - their value falling by roughly two-thirds last year - as customers pulled funds.

The bank's disclosure on Tuesday of "material weakness" in its financial reporting controls renewed investor concerns.

These were intensified when the chairman of the Saudi National Bank, Credit Suisse's largest shareholder, said it would not buy more shares in the Swiss bank on regulatory grounds.

At that time, Credit Suisse insisted its financial position was not a concern. But shares in the lender ended Wednesday down 24%, as other banks rushed to reduce their exposure to the firm and prime ministers in Spain and France spoke out in an attempt to ease fears.

A bank run on Silicon Valley Bank ended in its collapse last week

This comes after Silicon Valley Bank (SVB) - which specialised in lending to technology companies - was shut down on Friday by US regulators in what was the largest failure of a US bank since 2008. SVB's UK arm was snapped up for £1 by HSBC.

In the wake of the SVB collapse, New York-based Signature Bank also went bust, with the US regulators guaranteeing all deposits at both.

However, fears have persisted that other banks could face similar troubles, and trading in bank shares has been volatile this week.

In the US, shares in both small and large banks were hit, helping to push the Dow down almost 0.9%, while the S&P 500 fell 0.7%.

The UK's FTSE 100 fell by 3.8% or 293 points - the biggest one-day drop since the early days of the pandemic in 2020.

"This banking crisis came from America. And now people are watching how the whole thing could also cause problems in Europe," said Robert Halver, head of capital markets at Germany's Baader Bank.

"If a bank has had even the remotest problem in the past, if major investors say we don't want to invest any more and don't want to let new money flow into this bank, then of course a story is being told where many investors say we want to get out."

Shekhar Kapur says Hollywood's push to cast actors of colour comes from guilt

Director Shekhar Kapur has said Hollywood's push for more diverse casts has come from its guilt over "all the actors who are not getting work".

Kapur said the inclusion of ethnic minority actors in shows such as Netflix's Bridgerton is "a good thing" in terms of opportunity.

But, he said, it hides "a greater, more fundamental issue" of which stories are brought to the big screen.

He added the rise in protests had helped bring the issue to the fore.

"Hollywood should be telling stories of that culture, of the culture of the brown people, of the African-American people, of the black people, of Asians," he told BBC Newsnight's Sima Kotecha.

"But what's happening is they're still addicted to their, you know, the narrative is still their point of view."

Kapur is best known for his films Elizabeth and its sequel The Golden Age, both starring Cate Blanchett, and Bollywood films such as Mr India and Bandit Queen.

When asked about Hollywood's efforts to increase the diversity of actors in its films, Kapur described it as "a guilt trip" and woke.

"It's Hollywood feeling guilty about all the actors that are not getting work. And because there's a huge rise of protests," he said.

The live-action remake of The Little Mermaid released in cinemas in May starred black actress and singer Halle Bailey as main character Ariel, which caused controversy in some quarters.

Halle Bailey starred in Disney's live-action remake of The Little Mermaid earlier this year

Kapur joined the film industry in India as an actor, before going on to become a director.

His 1998 film Elizabeth, about the early years of the reign of Queen Elizabeth I, received widespread critical acclaim and several Oscar nominations.

Following its release, the director said many of the scripts he received went on to be "a huge success", including ones that he turned down.

Discussing international scripts he would receive, he said: "It's always an American going in, fixing the world's problem, going to Africa... and I said, 'Don't send me those scripts because it's not true'.

Kapur was educated in Delhi before moving to London for a career as a management consultant and chartered accountant

"For example, if you were going to make Gandhi the answer, the question was: 'Who's the American in it? Who's the American who goes and fixes all the problems? And who's the white man in the film?'

"And I would refuse to do those films. Absolutely. Because it's not patently not true."

Kapur was educated in Delhi before moving to London for a career as a management consultant and chartered accountant, but later turned to film directing, releasing his first film Masoom in 1983.

The 77-year-old, whose most recent film What's Love Got To Do With It? starred Shazad Latif and Lily James, suggested the film industry is contained within far too small a geographical area.

"I really believe that Hollywood's too concentrated together as like a group," he said. "I think it needs to be taken away and spread out.

"I would love to see it in Shanghai if you can. I would love to see it in Mumbai or in Tokyo or as it's happening in Seoul."

The actor arriving at Southwark Crown Court in London on Wednesday morning

Hollywood actor Kevin Spacey left the four men who made allegations against him in a sexual assault trial feeling small, diminished and worthless, prosecutors have said.

Summing up, Christine Agnew KC told Southwark Crown Court the case involved an "enormous imbalance of power".

Kevin Spacey denies nine sexual offences between 2001 and 2013.

Earlier, the jury was told four counts against him had been removed because of legal technicalities.

The four indecent assault charges, which were alternative, lesser counts, were struck off by the judge due to a "legal technicality" - not because the prosecution had abandoned any allegation.

In her closing speech, prosecutor Ms Agnew told jurors the case was "about power and taking advantage of that power".

She questioned Mr Spacey's claim that his accusers were motivated by money and suggested the trial was a result of his "aggressive, oppressive and intimidatory behaviour".

There was no doubt he was "a very famous and lauded actor" who was "used to getting his own way", she said - and his behaviour made his accusers "feel small, it made them feel diminished, it made them feel worthless".

"He is undoubtedly someone who is kind to those he chooses to be kind to," she said, referring to character witnesses for Mr Spacey.

But she added: "History is littered with those who are benevolent to some and cruel to others."

She went on to say it was "not simply a strength-in-numbers case" against Mr Spacey but that of four separate men who told friends and family, the police and then the court their stories in search of justice.

These men were entitled to the same protection in law as a woman, she told the jury at Southwark Crown Court.

"Why on earth should these men put up with what they say has happened to them?" she asked.

She added they were not motivated by "money, money, money" but instead had come forward because they no longer wanted to be the "secret keeper" for someone who had abused them.

Mr Spacey, 63, denies using his celebrity to get people into bed, and has rejected claims he is a sexual bully.

He previously called the case against him "weak".

His defence lawyers are expected to sum up their case on Thursday.

We're now ending our live coverage following the death of Barry Humphries soon, thanks for joining us.

We've brought you tributes to the comedian from the worlds of entertainment and politics, as well as a selection of photos from his illustrious and colourful career.

More news can be found in our main story and you can read more about Humphries' life in our obituary.

Today's coverage was brought to you by myself, Heather Sharp, Charlene Rodrigues and Antoinette Radford.

We'll finish with this look back at some of Dame Edna's funniest moments...

A woman bled to death after it took the medical team looking after her 38 minutes to call for specialist help, an inquest has heard.

Rana Abdelkarim died at Gloucestershire Royal Hospital in March 2021 following a bleed after giving birth.

The inquest found there were "delays" in how her bleed was managed.

Gloucestershire Royal Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust apologised and said changes had been made to prevent further tragedies.

The inquest at Gloucestershire Coroners Court heard how Ms Abdelkarim, 38, was admitted to hospital two years ago to be induced at 39 weeks pregnant.

Her husband Modar Mohammednour, 44, did not go to hospital with her as he was at home looking after their other daughter.

He explained previously that the family did not understand Ms Abdelkarim was being induced but merely thought it was a check-up.

Witness statements submitted to the court said there were language barriers with Ms Abdelkarim, who left Sudan with her husband and made her home in Gloucestershire.

Modar Mohammednour said his eldest daughter Reem asked about her mum all the time

Staff said her English was "poor" but some felt they could "communicate effectively using simple words and hand gesticulations".

A Healthcare Safety Investigation Branch (HSIB) report into the death said: "There was no effective communication with Rana and the events that occurred traumatised staff."

Soon after giving birth to her daughter, Ms Abdelkarim started to experience a major bleed.

Senior coroner Kay Skerrett noted in her conclusion that, after the bleeding started, care "was not at this time escalated to the obstetric team" despite there being "immediate, heavy vaginal bleeding".

"The emergency call bell system was not used to call for help from the obstetric emergency team," the coroner said.

The coroner also noted there were "differences of understanding amongst staff of the code red process".

It was some 38 minutes later that the code red emergency call for a major bleed was made at 05:06 GMT.

Soon after, consultants started battling to save Ms Abdelkarim's life by inserting a uterine tamponade balloon - a balloon inflated inside the uterus to stop bleeding - and they performed a hysterectomy.

The court heard how the HSIB report found staff underestimated how much relative blood volume she was losing because she was small and thin, which contributed to the delay in calling for emergency help.

Despite extensive resuscitation efforts, her condition continued to worsen and she was pronounced dead two hours later.

Professor Mark Pietroni, medical director and deputy chief executive at Gloucestershire Royal Hospital NHS Foundation Trust said in a statement addressing the inquest: "We want to take this opportunity to apologise once again for the immeasurable distress that this loss has caused."

He added the death was "thoroughly investigated" through the HSIB report and the trust did a further investigation.

"The findings of these investigations have been shared with Rana's family and HM Coroner and we have implemented all 10 recommendations made in the HSIB report," he said.

Modar Mohammednour and the family's solicitor, Hannah Carr, outside court

Dr Christine Edwards, consultant obstetrician and gynaecologist, gave evidence about what steps the hospital had taken.

They included the trust updating their interpreter policy and installing a hands-free phone in each antenatal unit, so patients, doctors and a interpreter can be on the same call.

A video has also been made explaining what a code red is and what happens when it is called, which is being shown to staff on mandatory training days.

Dr Edwards also said that, during training days, staff are reminded to evaluate the relative blood loss to a patient's weight, and a specialist drugs trolley for major bleeds after childbirth is on the delivery ward.

Rana Abdelkarim had moved from Sudan to Gloucestershire

Dr Edwards said a survey with staff was done in April 2022 on how comfortable they felt calling a code red, and one commented there was a "fear" and "shame" in pulling the bell, in case it was not needed.

The consultant said the "culture of leadership on the delivery suite has been looked at quite intensely" since then, and changes had been put in place.

Ms Skerrett said: "I've been taken through all the steps taken by the Trust since this tragic death and, with Dr Edwards' evidence in court, I'm incredibly reassured by a lot of the steps taken."

She added that a report to prevent future deaths will be looked at once the hospital has completed a new survey, to see if the changes are working.

The family's solicitor Hannah Carr, from Novum Law, gave a statement after the inquest.

She said: "I cannot begin to imagine how terrified Rana would have felt, without access to interpretation services and without access to her husband by her side.

"For Modar, while the trust has taken steps to learn from Rana's tragic death, this does not change things for him and his family.

"That said there is a sense of justice for him, as he has always said he wanted to prevent this from happening to other families."

Follow BBC West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: bristol@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Earlier this year, researchers raised eyebrows when Australia's traditionally conservative medicines regulator approved the use of psychedelics to assist therapy sessions.

The decision will see psilocybin, found in magic mushrooms, used for treatment-resistant depression. It will also allow MDMA, known as ecstasy in tablet form, for post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).

The changes come into effect on Saturday, making Australia the first country to classify psychedelics as medicines at a national level.

While initial access to the drugs will be limited and costly, many experts and patients are hailing it as a landmark moment.

But major health organisations have also urged caution.

Marjane Beaugeois was diagnosed with severe depression in 2017. "Within two months, I lost my mother, grandmother, beloved pet dog and my romantic relationship," she recalls.

She couldn't eat, shower, or leave her house in Melbourne - but says prescription antidepressants left her "zombie-like, unable to cry, self-soothe or feel better".

"I'd still go to bed praying not to wake up," the 49-year-old says.

When her research for alternative therapies led her to a psilocybin clinic in Amsterdam, she was hesitant.

"I have no history of drug or alcohol use. As an addiction counsellor, I was always very against it," she says.

But she was also desperate to escape her treatment-resistant depression, so in 2018, she booked herself in.

The psilocybin was taken in a tea. "Colours became more vivid. I felt powerfully reconnected to the world; warm and fuzzy. I'm getting emotional just talking about it… it was a massive, beautiful experience of unconditional love."

Three sessions later, she felt healed. "I could smile, feel joy, go about my daily routine with clarity," she says. "When I got home, friends said they saw my eyes shining again."

When Glen Boyes suggested microdosing psychedelics to treat his crippling depression, his therapist was sceptical.

"He explained it wasn't something he does, but he couldn't stop me, and would do brain scans to track my progress," he says.

The 33-year-old veteran says he began experiencing "lingering PTSD" from his time in the army, during Covid-19 lockdowns in Sydney.

But after 10 weeks of microdosing and therapy sessions, red areas on his initial brain scans showing blockages had cleared. "My brain fog evaporated. I could think clearly again."

Due to no other country rescheduling these substances for clinical use on a national level, the cohort who've experienced psychedelic therapy is small.

Professor David Nutt, Head of Neuropsychopharmacology at the UK's Imperial College, congratulated Australia on "leading the world in this vital treatment innovation".

Psychedelic researcher and psychiatrist Dr Ben Sessa described the approval as pioneering. "This is where the global psychedelic spotlight now shines," he told the BBC.

Dr Sessa has resigned from his job running the UK's primary psychedelic clinical organisation and will spend the next 18 months travelling to Australia to deliver a bespoke psychedelic prescribing training programme.

Other countries have explored psychedelics for compassionate use, including Switzerland, Canada, and Israel - where regulators have made similar decisions, although not nationally like in Australia. Psychedelic clinics also operate legally in countries including Jamaica and Costa Rica.

But how Australia rolls out clinical prescriptions for both drugs, and at what price tag, will be closely watched.

First developed as an appetite suppressant in 1912, ecstasy was used in therapy sessions in the US until the mid-1970s when it was outlawed. It entered Australia in the 1980s as a party drug due to its reported effects of increased energy, empathy, and pleasure, and was criminalised in 1987.

In the 2000s though, research slowly started up again - with recent trials finding that both MDMA and psilocybin can quickly improve symptoms of severe depression, though little is known about how they do this.

Mind Medicine Australia (MMA), a charity which lobbied for psychedelic treatments, is helping to train health professionals tasked with procuring and prescribing the drugs.

To become an authorised prescriber, psychiatrists must apply to an ethics committee and to Australia's drugs regulator the Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA). They'll then need to source and supply both MDMA and psilocybin.

Once all expenses are factored in - including the drugs themselves, supervision from multidisciplinary teams, psychiatrist sessions and hiring a private clinic - costs could spiral to A$30,000 (£15,700, $20,000) per treatment, according to one psychedelics expert.

Due to the prohibitive price tag, Dr Stephen Bright, senior lecturer at Edith Cowan University, says he doubts these treatments "will be very widely available at all" for the first 12-18 months.

Philanthropist Peter Hunt, chair of MMA, disputes those estimates, telling the BBC patients should expect to pay between A$10,000 for two psilocybin assisted therapy sessions, and A$15,000 for three MDMA assisted sessions. "We costed the treatments with a mental health clinic," he said.

But with no planned government subsidies, the five-figure treatments are expected to remain unaffordable for most patients.

Australia's major medical and mental health bodies are among the loudest voices pushing back against psychedelic treatments.

"There's been considerable caution from the scientific and medical community," said Kristen Morely, a professor of addiction medicine at the University of Sydney.

According to MMA, the "weight of submissions from thousands of Australians whose current mental health treatments just aren't working" helped get the TGA approval over the line.

But the Australian Medical Association (AMA) and the Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Psychiatrists (RANZCP) have expressed serious concerns.

Both groups have called for larger-scale studies and better research into psychedelic treatments, warning of unknown risks, long-term side effects and "potentially very limited benefits" from their use in therapy.

"Psychedelic-assisted therapy may offer hope to a small number of people where other treatments have been attempted without success. But it's not a miracle cure," warned Professor Richard Harvey, who chairs the RANZCP's Psychedelic-Assisted Therapy Steering Group, warned.

He urged a "cautious, considered and informed" approach, due to the "potential for psychedelic substances to cause fear, panic and re-traumatisation".

"Vulnerable people can understandably feel distressed if their experience doesn't match their expectations of this therapy," he said.

It's also unclear, he argued, whether the results from psychedelic treatments stemmed more from the substances themselves, or the psychotherapy.

"Put simply, psychedelic-assisted therapy is in its infancy. There is more we need to know."

Temperatures in the final stages of the campaign have hit 40C and millions of voters will be on holiday

Spain is holding a highly unusual election on Sunday at the height of a scorching summer, after four years of left-wing rule.

Current Prime Minister Pedro Sánchez called the vote in response to a dismal performance at the May local elections in which his Socialist party came second to main rival, the conservative Popular Party.

No general election in Spanish history has ever been held so late into the summer, with temperatures topping 40C in this country of 48 million people. The timing of the vote has been criticised when so many in Spain are on holiday, but 2.6 million voters have chosen to cast their ballot by post.

The Popular Party (PP) under Alberto Núñez Feijóo have their eye on victory but may struggle to form a government on their own.

To win a majority they need to secure more than half the 350 seats in the lower house of parliament. Spaniards will also vote for their upper house.

The conservatives may need the support of far-right party Vox, while Mr Sánchez will be able to look to left-wing grouping Sumar.

LGBT and gender issues have become prominent campaign issues in the run-up to this election. Opposition parties PP and Vox have staunchly criticised the left-wing government's new laws on transgender rights - including making it easier for people to change their legal gender - and abortion.

They have also attacked Spain's controversial "Only Yes Means Yes" law on sexual consent. It was passed only last August but created a loophole that cut jail time for over 1,000 convicted rapists - and Mr Sánchez ended up having to apologise and push through changes.

The very existence of gender violence has been questioned by some Vox party officials, causing tensions with their potential conservative partners.

Nationalism has been a hot issue too. The PP and Vox have labelled Mr Sánchez a "traitor" for pardoning jailed pro-independence leaders and downgrading the crime of secession.

One highly effective right-wing tactic has involved targeting the prime minister with a slogan for relying on separatists to pass key reforms.

He has been denounced for his pact with Basque separatist party Bildu, led by Arnaldo Otegi, who was jailed for crimes by the Eta militant group.

The slogan "Let Txapote vote for you" accuses Pedro Sánchez of relying on the support of separatist killers

The slogan Que te vote Txapote, meaning "Let Txapote vote for you", refers to another Eta militant who carried out a number of deadly terror attacks.

As Spain experiences worsening droughts and heatwaves, most parties have measures to fight climate change. Only Vox's electoral programme fails to mention the issue entirely.

The biggest issue for most voters is the economy, even if much of the campaign has focused on other issues. Spain is enjoying a period of growth and inflation slowed to below 2% in June, one of the lowest levels in Europe.

But dismal jobless figures are one of the opposition's most frequent lines of attack against the current government. In May, Spain had the highest unemployment rate (12.7%) of all EU countries.

Prime Minister Pedro Sánchez (L) called the snap election but Alberto Núñez Feijóo is favourite to win

He became the first politician in Spain to snatch power from a sitting prime minister through a no-confidence motion in 2018. Then he narrowly won a confidence vote in January 2020 to form Spain's first coalition government since democracy was restored in the late 1970s.

Pedro Sánchez, 51, is seen as a passionately pro-European integrationist and speaks English fluently; he has lectured in economics in Spain and had a spell working for the UN high representative in Bosnia-Herzegovina.

His brand of governing has been labelled Sanchismo, and his opponents have styled the election as a choice between Sanchismo or Spain, suggesting he is a threat to the country, its traditions and values.

He has spearheaded a law to bring dignity to victims of dictator Gen Francisco Franco, backed a rule giving workers the right to menstrual leave and laws expanding abortion rights.

But this snap election could be a gamble too far, as his party trails his conservative rivals. He has accused the PP of seeking to put Spain in a "sinister time machine" with the support of far-right Vox and take the country back to "who knows where".

Mr Feijóo has been less than enthusiastic about the prospect of a coalition with the far right

The Popular Party leader has knowingly cultivated a low-key image, saying recently that "what for some may be boring, I think for the majority of citizens are qualities that a prime minister should have".

He was seen to have won the only head-to-head TV election debate with Mr Sánchez, telling him he had no right to give lectures on governing pacts because the Socialist leader had relied on separatists.

But Mr Feijóo was later criticised for skipping the final televised debate before the election, which was attended by both his opponents, Mr Sánchez and Ms Díaz, and his potential coalition partner, Santiago Abascal.

A former civil servant born in Galicia in Spain's north-west, he has led the conservatives since 2022.

He has gained a reputation as a safe pair of hands, serving as president of the former national health service and of the postal service.

However, his rivals have highlighted 10-year-old rumours that he had a close friendship with a Galician drug trafficker and money launderer called Marcial Dorado.

Photographs of the two on holiday together on a yacht in 1995 were unearthed by Spanish daily El País in 2013.

Mr Feijóo says he was unaware Dorado was a criminal when the two became friends because "back then we had no internet or Google". Mr Sánchez has accused Mr Feijóo of lying, but the PP leader has hit back accusing him of using "rubbish" to seek to discredit him.

Santiago Abascal's party takes a hard line on gay marriage, adoption by gay couples, abortion, euthanasia and transgender rights

He has led the far-right Vox party he helped found in 2014, and he is known for his controversial declarations. He has said he does not believe in climate change and he has criticised the "totalitarian law of gender ideology", which he claims criminalises men.

Last month, he used the riots in France to call for tougher immigration policies. "Europe is threatened by mobs of anti-Europeans… who are unwilling to adapt to our way of life and our laws," he said. "Europe cannot continue to accept immigrants from Muslim countries."

Vox has already reached coalition deals with the conservatives in dozens of cities and three autonomous regions - Extremadura in the west, Valencia in the east and Castille and León, north of Madrid. In the Balearic Islands, Vox have reached a pact with the PP but have no positions in government.

Now Mr Abascal is looking for a share of national power too.

He has cultivated strong ties with other European far-right and nationalist groups, from Hungary's ruling Fidesz and France's National Rally to the Brothers of Italy party of Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni.

Ms Meloni has given Vox's election campaign her backing, recording a video to reaffirm the parties' "great friendship".

Yolanda Díaz has gained popularity in Spain for her headline-grabbing policies

If Vox are the potential kingmaker for Alberto Núñez Feijóo, then for the Socialists it would be Yolanda Díaz's Sumar (Unite) alliance of 15 left-wing groups.

A former Communist, she has been Spain's second deputy prime minister as well as labour minister and she is keen to be Spain's first female leader too: "because women's time has come, and women want to be the ones who make history".

Sumar have made a big pitch for the youth vote, pledging €20,000 (£17,139) of funding to help 18-23 year-olds to kick-start their lives.

Ms Díaz is a popular politician who has helped increase the Spanish minimum wage to €1,259 and scrapped unpopular labour laws.

Sparks flew between Ms Diaz and Mr Abascal in the last televised debate before the election as the two clashed over issues of gender violence, while she and Mr Sánchez appeared to form a united front.

While opinion polls have narrowed, the conservatives and Mr Feijóo are favourites to win. But they may need to form a coalition with Vox to form a majority and avoid repeat elections.

The last opinion polls published in Spain put the PP on 33%-36% of the vote and the Socialists on under 29%. Vox and Sumar are almost neck and neck on 12.5-13.5%.

To win an absolute majority a party needs 176 seats, so no party would win outright with these results.

Vox has made great strides in securing power-sharing deals with the conservatives in three autonomous regions, and lesser alliances have been reached in Murcia, Aragon and the Balearic Islands,

But Mr Feijóo is less than enthusiastic at the prospect of governing with the far right.

The PP leader has seemed rattled by his rival's accusations of a "shameful" pact with Vox.

In their TV debate Mr Feijóo said Vox's Mr Abascal would not be a member of a prospective PP government "if I don't need the votes". He even offered the Socialists' Mr Sánchez a pact for the losing party to support the winner so that neither would need to rely on either the hard right or left.

But Vox could be the only option. Last month Maria Guardiola, the PP president of the western Extremadura region, said she would never govern with a party that "dehumanises immigrants" and that "rubbishes" LGBT rights.

She later changed her mind and welcomed Vox into her government, stating that "my word is not as important as the future of Extremadura".

As well as taking a hard line on gay marriage, adoption by gay couples, abortion, euthanasia and transgender rights, another big issue that has driven support for Vox is its unequivocal stance on opposing Catalan nationalism.

It has also taken a dim view over the status of Gibraltar, a British overseas territory at the southern end of the Iberian peninsula.

Last year Vox objected to reports of talks between the UK and Spain by warning that "any agreement that does not go through the recognition of the Spanish sovereignty of Gibraltar is an act of treason against Spain".

We could be entering the era of Alzheimer's treatments, after the second drug in under a year has been shown to slow the disease.

Experts said we were now "on the cusp" of drugs being available, something that had recently seemed "impossible".

The company Eli Lilly has reported its drug - donanemab - slows the pace of Alzheimer's by about a third.

However two volunteers, and possibly a third, died as a result of dangerous swelling in the brain.

Donanemab works in the same way as lecanemab, which created headlines around the world when it was the proven to slow the disease.

Both are antibodies like those the body makes to attack viruses. But these are engineered to clear a sticky gunk from the brain, called beta amyloid.

Amyloid builds up in the spaces between brain cells, forming distinctive plaques that are one of the hallmarks of Alzheimer's.

"The decades-long battle to find treatments that change Alzheimer's disease is changing," Dr Cath Mummery, the clinical lead for the cognitive-disorders clinic at the UK's National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery, said.

"We are now entering the time of disease modification, where we might realistically hope to treat and maintain someone with Alzheimer's disease, with long-term disease management rather than palliative and supportive care."

The full details of Eli Lilly's trial have yet to be published - but it has revealed the key findings:

However, brain swelling was a common side-effect in up to a third of patients.

It was mostly mild or asymptomatic despite being detected on brain scans - but 1.6% developed dangerous brain swelling, with two deaths directly attributed to it and a third volunteer dying after such a case.

"We are encouraged by the potential clinical benefits that donanemab may provide, although like many effective treatments for debilitating and fatal diseases, there are associated risks that may be serious and life-threatening," Eli Lilly group vice-president of neuroscience research and development Dr Mark Mintun said.

The company said it would begin the process of having its drug approved for use in hospitals in the next few months.

Dr Liz Coulthard, from the University of Bristol, said there were "significant side-effects" and a lack of long-term data but the drug could "help people live well with Alzheimer's for longer".

Having two drugs slow the disease by targeting amyloid in the brain has also convinced scientists they are on the right track after decades of misery and failure.

"This should dispel any lingering doubts about this approach," Prof John Hardy, from the UK Dementia Research Institute, whose work led to the idea of targeting amyloid, 30 years ago, said. "Having two drugs is great for competition."

Dr Susan Kolhaas, from Alzheimer's Research UK, said: "We're now on the cusp of a first generation of treatments for Alzheimer's disease, something that many thought impossible only a decade ago."

However, these drugs appear to work in only the earliest stages of the disease - before the brain is too damaged.

And if they are approved in the UK, it would still take a revolution in how the disease is diagnosed to make a difference.

Only 1-2% of people have either brain scans or a spinal-fluid analysis to determine whether they actually have Alzheimer's or another form of dementia against which the drugs would be useless.

And the NHS would have to decide whether it could afford them. Lecanemab costs more than £21,000 per person per year.

Reaper drones are full-size aircraft designed for reconnaissance and surveillance

A Russian fighter jet has collided with a US drone, causing the unmanned US aircraft to crash into the Black Sea, the American military says.

The incident highlights the increasing risk of direct confrontation between Russia and the US over the Ukraine war.

The US says the drone was on a routine mission in international airspace when two Russian jets tried to intercept it.

Russia said the drone crashed after a "sharp manoeuvre", and denied that the two aircraft made direct contact.

The Russian defence ministry also said the MQ-9 Reaper drone was flying with its transponders turned off. Transponders are communications devices that allow the aircraft to be tracked.

The incident happened at about 07:03 Central European Time (06:03 GMT) on Tuesday, according to the US military.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

"Our MQ-9 aircraft was conducting routine operations in international airspace when it was intercepted and hit by a Russian aircraft, resulting in a crash and complete loss of the MQ-9," the statement said.

Several times before the collision the Su-27 fighter jets dumped fuel on the drone in a "reckless, environmentally unsound and unprofessional manner", it said.

The US summoned the Russian ambassador in Washington, Anatoly Antonov, to protest against the move.

Following the meeting, Russian state media quoted Antonov as saying that Moscow saw the drone incident as "a provocation".

Tensions have risen over the Black Sea ever since Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014.

Since Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine the US and the UK have stepped up reconnaissance and surveillance flights, though always operating in international airspace.

The key question is whether Tuesday's encounter was an attempt by Russia to disrupt the US drone and its work, or whether it was a deliberate attempt to bring it down.

According to the US, there has been a "pattern of dangerous actions by Russian pilots" interacting with allied aircraft in the region.

So this could simply have been a mistake by a Russian pilot who got too close as they "buzzed" the drone. But if this was a deliberate attack on a US aircraft by a Russian warplane, then that would amount to a huge provocation and a substantial escalation.

In that case, the attack would be seen as an attempt by the Kremlin to test the response of the United States.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Western allies have worked hard to stop the war in Ukraine escalating into a direct confrontation with Russia. But this incident over the Black Sea is just that. The US will now have to evaluate its response.

As US military commanders warned in their statement, this was a dangerous act that "could lead to miscalculation and unintended escalation".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Why Hunter Biden is important to Republicans

An agreement expected to see US President Joe Biden's son, Hunter, plead guilty to tax charges and admit a gun offence has dramatically fallen apart in court.

The plea deal, negotiated over several weeks, was likely to spare the younger Mr Biden prison time.

But a judge on Wednesday said she could not "rubber stamp the agreement".

The case marks the first time the justice department has charged the child of a sitting president.

Hunter Biden's lawyers have been given 14 days to hash out a new deal with the prosecution.

It follows a five-year investigation into the finances of the US first son, who arrived on Wednesday morning at the court in Wilmington, Delaware.

In a plea agreement announced last month, he was to be charged with two misdemeanour counts for failing to pay his taxes on time in 2017 and 2018.

He was also to admit that he had illegally possessed a gun while being a drug user, and agree to drug treatment and monitoring in lieu of a more serious felony charge and possible jail time.

But during the three-hour hearing, US District Court Judge Maryellen Noreika questioned whether the deal would also provide Hunter Biden with immunity from crimes he could be found liable for in the future.

She said the agreement contained "non-standard terms" and its proposed resolution for the gun possession offence was "unusual".

Officials with the justice department are still investigating whether Hunter Biden violated federal laws that required him to register as a foreign agent while working in China and Ukraine during his father's vice-presidency, CNN reported.

Legal teams for both sides were seen negotiating in full view of reporters inside the court in an effort to salvage the plea deal or carve out a narrower agreement.

But the hearing ended with Judge Noreika, a Trump appointee, declining to sign the deal. She gave the two parties a fortnight to reach a new agreement and brief her.

Hunter Biden, who initially offered to enter a guilty plea, ended by pleading not guilty for the timebeing.

In a statement on Wednesday, the White House said the president and first lady "love their son and they support him as he continues to rebuild his life".

"Hunter Biden is a private citizen and this was a personal matter for him," said press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre.

The misdemeanour tax counts are minor charges compared to the more serious allegations against Hunter that congressional Republicans have introduced in committee hearings.

Republicans allege that he was offered an unusually lenient plea deal because he is the president's son.

The House of Representatives Oversight Committee has already heard testimony from a whistleblower who claimed the justice department had deliberately stalled the tax investigation.

That is denied by the US Attorney for Delaware, David Weiss, who led the investigation.

Mr Weiss was appointed by former President Donald Trump and left in place by the Biden administration to finish the investigation into Hunter.

He has offered to testify in front of Congress to address criticism of the inquiry.

Republicans, who are examining various allegations against Hunter Biden, have focused on a notorious laptop that he apparently abandoned in a computer repair shop in Delaware.

The contents have been used to try to prove bribery and corruption against the president's son, and to attempt to connect his father to illegal business dealings.

But Democrats say it is no coincidence that Republicans are attacking the justice system while Mr Trump faces two criminal indictments and may soon learn of charges against him in two more cases.

Ukraine says one of the Russian missiles shot down over the Kyiv region fell in the backyard of a house

Ukraine's capital Kyiv has been attacked from the air by Russia for the ninth time this month.

Kyiv's authorities said it seemed all incoming missiles had been destroyed, but debris falling from the air caused some damage in two districts.

One person has been killed and two more wounded in a missile strike on the Black Sea port of Odesa, officials say.

Blasts were also heard in the central-western regions of Vinnytsia, Khmelnytsky and Zhytomyr.

Overall, 29 out of 30 missiles launched by Russia overnight were shot down, Ukraine's Air Force said in a statement.

Russia has significantly increased the frequency of its missile attacks on Ukraine over the past days and weeks, while Ukraine appears to be shooting down more of Russia's missiles.

So far in May, Russia has carried out four mass launches - two them between 16 and 18 May alone - compared to one each in April and March, and two in February.

The last time Russia attacked with such intensity was in the period after New Year, when four attacks took place in quick succession between 31 December and 26 January.

The train derailed near Simferopol on Thursday morning, Russian-appointed officials in Crimea say

In a separate development, rail traffic was suspended between Simferopol and the city of Sevastopol after a freight train carrying grain derailed. Simferopol is the regional capital of Ukraine's Crimea peninsula, which was annexed by Russia in 2014.

Vladimir Konstantinov, the Moscow-installed head of the regional parliament, told Russia's state media that the derailment was caused by an explosion. An investigation is now under way.

In the latest overnight attack on Kyiv, Russia used cruise missiles and reconnaissance drones, the capital's military administration said in a statement.

It said that "a series of air attacks on Kyiv, unprecedented in their power, intensity and variety, continues".

On Tuesday, Ukraine said it had shot down six Kinzhal hypersonic missiles as part of an "exceptionally dense" attack.

Speaking before the all-clear was given, Kyiv's Mayor Vitali Klitschko said a fire had broken out in a garage in the Darnytsya area of Kyiv, but added no one had been injured.

The head of Kyiv's civilian military administration said a heavy missile attack had been launched from Russian strategic bombers over the Caspian Sea.

Serhiy Popko said the attack probably included cruise missiles, adding that Russia had deployed reconnaissance drones over Kyiv after unleashing its wave of air strikes.

He said a second fire had broken out in a non-residential building in Kyiv's eastern Desnyansky district, but did not give an update on if anyone was hurt.

At least eight people were reportedly killed - including a five-year-old boy near Kherson - and 17 were injured by shelling on Wednesday, as both sides traded accusations of striking civilian areas.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Two adults and a five-year-old killed after Russian shell falls near playground

Slowly but surely Ukraine is getting ready to launch a huge assault on Russia's invading forces.

Western officials say Ukraine's army is at "an increased state of readiness" ahead of a long-awaited counter-offensive against Russia's invasion.

The officials said many of Kyiv's military capabilities were now "coming together" - including its ability to deploy tanks, fighting vehicles and combat engineers, as well as clearing mines, bridging rivers and striking long-range targets.

They said Russian troops were in a parlous state but warned that Moscow's defensive lines in Ukraine were "potentially formidable" and guarded by "extensive minefields".

So the officials argued the success of any Ukrainian offensive should be measured not just by territorial gains but also by whether it convinced Russian President Vladimir Putin to rethink his strategy.

The "cognitive effect on the Kremlin", they claimed, was more important than Ukrainian forces cleaving through Russian lines all the way to the border.

On Wednesday, Ukraine's Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba met with a Chinese diplomat in Kyiv and rejected any peace plan which would involve them giving up territory to Russia.

But an agreement allowing Ukraine to export millions of tonnes of grain through the Black Sea has been extended for two months, the day before it was due to expire.
• None 'We thought it'd be a crisis we could live through'

The 26-year-old beautician died shortly before midnight on 24 December

A man has denied the murder of Elle Edwards, who was shot at a pub on Christmas Eve.

The 26-year-old beautician died after being shot while out with friends at the Lighthouse pub in Wallasey Village at about 23:50 GMT on 24 December.

Merseyside Police said Ms Edwards was not the intended target of the attack and four other men were injured.

Connor Chapman, of no fixed address, pleaded not guilty to murder via video-link at Liverpool Crown Court.

The 23-year-old also denied two counts of attempted murder, three of wounding and one each of possessing a firearm and possessing ammunition, related to a converted Skorpion submachine gun, and handling stolen goods, namely a Mercedes A class vehicle, between 22 and 26 December.

Wearing a grey tracksuit, he spoke only to enter his pleas and confirm his name during the hearing.

A second man, Thomas Waring, of Private Drive, Barnston, Wirral, also pleaded not guilty to possession of a firearm and to assisting an offender by helping dispose of the car allegedly used by Mr Chapman after the shooting.

Both defendants were remanded in custody ahead of scheduled trial at the same court on 12 June.

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The MP spoke in the House of Commons while awaiting the results of a Covid test

MP Margaret Ferrier should be suspended from the Commons for 30 days for breaching Covid rules, the standards committee has recommended.

The suspension would likely lead to a by-election in her Rutherglen and Hamilton West constituency if imposed.

Ferrier spoke in Parliament in September 2020 while awaiting the results of a Covid test.

She then took the train home to Glasgow after being told she had tested positive.

She lost the SNP whip and has since pleaded guilty to breaching Covid rules. She was sentenced to carry out 270 hours of community service.

The charge stated that she had failed to self-isolate and had "exposed people to risk of infection, illness and death".

MPs will vote on whether or not to follow the recommendations of the committee - and would generally back its suggested punishment.

Any MP suspended from the Commons for at least 10 days can be recalled and a by-election held if at least 10% of the registered voters in their constituency sign a petition calling for it to happen.

Labour would have high hopes of winning any by-election in the Rutherglen and Hamilton West constituency.

Ferrier had a majority of 5,230 at the last general election when she won it for the SNP, with Labour finishing second.

She has been sitting in the Commons as an independent MP since losing the SNP whip.

The parliamentary commissioner for standards, Daniel Greenberg, began an investigation into her conduct on 12 October following Ferrier's self-referral.

He concluded that she had put her own personal interest ahead of the public interest by not immediately self-isolating in London, and had therefore caused "possible risk of harm to health and life for people she came into contact with".

The commissioner also said her actions had "caused significant damage to the reputation and integrity of the House of Commons as a whole, and of its members generally" and noted that people in many other walks of life would have been sacked for a similar breach of the lockdown rules.

Ferrier told the commissioner her self-referral was "an open acceptance" and an "indication of remorse" that she had brought Parliament into disrepute.

But she maintains that she did not put her personal interest above that of the public.

Glasgow Sheriff Court was told last August that she had taken a Covid test on Saturday 26 September 2020 because she had a "tickly throat".

While awaiting her results, she went to church on the Sunday and gave a reading to the congregation, and later spent more than two hours in a bar in Prestwick, Ayrshire.

She then travelled to London by train - which had 183 passengers on board - on the Monday and spoke in the Commons later that day before finding out a short time later that she had tested positive for the virus.

Margaret Ferrier campaigning with SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon ahead of the 2019 General Election

Ferrier wore a face mask in the Commons, and after speaking in the chamber at about 19:30 had sat at a table with DUP MP Jim Shannon, where they conversed for 20 minutes.

The positive result from the test was delivered to her shortly after 20:00, by both text and email.

The MP decided to get a train back to Glasgow the following day, fearing she would have to self-isolate in a London hotel room for two weeks.

New SNP leader Humza Yousaf called on Ferrier to quit as an MP and said he would look forward to fighting a by-election in her constituency.

He added: "We've said from day one that Margaret Ferrier should have stepped down because of her reckless action.

"We'll take nothing for granted, we won't be complacent. We've got strong support in Rutherglen and right across that region but it will take hard work".

Shadow Scottish Secretary Ian Murray said said it was right that Parliament had "thrown the book" at Ferrier, and said the SNP still had questions to answer on what they knew and what they did at the time.

"Ferrier should do the right thing and stand down as an MP. Her constituents deserve better and that means a by-election", he said.

The recall process has only been used three times in the past.

In the first instance - a petition against DUP MP Ian Paisley in 2018 - the 10% threshold was not met.

However, it was met in the other two cases, against Labour MP Fiona Onasanya and Tory Chris Davies in 2019. Ms Onasanya did not contest the by-election in her seat, while Mr Davies stood in the by-election and lost.

The rules of the House of Commons mean that if an MP is suspended for 10 sitting days, a recall petition can be opened in their constituency.

The petition is open for six weeks, and if 10% of voters in the area sign it, it will trigger a by-election.

So there are a few hoops to jump through - the suspension is still to be approved by MPs, and given the ongoing parliamentary proceedings against Boris Johnson there is fierce debate about what sanctions should be applied for Covid rule breaches.

Ms Ferrier also has the right to appeal the committee's decision.

But it still seems likely there will be a by-election in Rutherglen and Hamilton West - a seat which has changed hands at the last three general elections.

Ms Ferrier won it for the SNP with a majority of 9.7% in 2019, but it was already a key target for Labour.

An early contest would be an immediate test for the SNP leader Humza Yousaf - and also for Labour counterparts Sir Keir Starmer and Anas Sarwar, in their quest to spark a revival in former Scottish heartlands.

Joe Flaherty performs onstage during the Second City 20th Anniversary show in Chicago, 1979

Joe Flaherty, the American actor and comedian known for his roles on Freaks and Geeks and the sketch comedy series SCTV, has died at the age of 82.

Flaherty's death was announced by his daughter, Gudrun, who said it came after a "brief illness".

Born in Pittsburgh, Flaherty got his start in comedy as part of Chicago's improv group The Second City.

His career spanned nearly five decades, with credits on many beloved television comedies like Frasier and Family Guy.

In a statement, Gudrun said her father had an "unwavering passion for movies from the 40s and 50s", which influenced his career.

She added that he was particularly fond of his time on SCTV.

"He cherished every moment spent on the show, so proud of its success and so proud to be part of an amazing cast," she said.

Comedian Martin Short, Flaherty's former SCTV castmate, said in a statement: "There were very few people as wise or hilarious when it came to comedy, teaching improvisation and the art of character work as Joe.

"In SCTV we called him the anchor. In life, he was simply the funniest man in the room. I just adored him."

After eight years on SCTV, Flaherty was cast on the teen comedy-drama Freaks and Greeks as Harold Weir, the father of two awkward teenagers.

The series was cancelled after a single season but later became a cult classic and launched the careers of several young actors, including James Franco, Seth Rogen, Busy Philipps, Jason Segel and Linda Cardellini.

Flaherty was also known for a small but memorable role in the 1996 film Happy Gilmore, where he played a heckler who taunts the titular golf player, played by Adam Sandler.

The actor was beloved not only in his native US but also in Canada, where he had later moved to launch Toronto's arm of the improv troupe The Second City.

Cast members from SCTV, including Joe Flaherty (far left) around their star on the Walk of Fame in Toronto, Canada

He appeared in several Canadian sitcoms and had a guest appearance on Canadian sketch comedy show the Royal Canadian Air Farce.

In a post on Instagram, Adam Sandler said he "worshipped Joe growing up".

"Couldn't be more fun to have him heckle me on the golf course. The nicest guy you could know. Genius of a comedian. And a true sweetheart Perfect combo," Sandler wrote.

"Much love to his kids and thanks to Joe for all the greatness he gave us all."

"I was so thrilled to be able to work with him," wrote Jennifer Tilly, who starred alongside Flaherty in the 1997 film The Wrong Guy.

"His performance was pitch perfect. A great comedian. Gone too soon."

Flaherty was married to Judith Dagley for 22 years until their divorce in 1996. He leaves behind two children, Gudrun and Gabriel Flaherty.

A girl has died after a Land Rover crashed into a primary school in Wimbledon, south-west London, on Thursday morning.

The driver, a woman in her 40s, has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving.

Police say they are not treating the crash as terror-related.

Two far-right activists destroyed a copy of Islam's holy book outside Iraq's embassy in Copenhagen last week

Denmark is considering banning protests involving burning the Quran or other religious texts over security and diplomatic concerns.

The Danish foreign ministry said whilst protecting freedom of expression is crucial, such protests benefit extremists and pose a security threat.

Copenhagen is looking at legal means to intervene in some circumstances, including protests outside embassies.

Sweden's prime minister also said work on a similar process has begun there.

Both Scandinavian countries have come under pressure in recent weeks, after authorities gave permission for a series of controversial protests where Islam's holy book was destroyed, stoking diplomatic tensions with several Muslim-majority nations.

In its statement, Denmark's foreign ministry said it wants to explore intervening in some protests where "other countries, cultures, and religions are being insulted, and where this could have significant negative consequences for Denmark" - including security concerns.

But the Danish government emphasised free speech was a fundamental value and any change must be done "within the framework of the constitutionally protected freedom of expression and in a manner that does not change the fact that freedom of expression in Denmark has very broad scope".

The statement also specifically acknowledged the impact these controversial protests have had on Denmark's international reputation, repeating the government's earlier condemnation of burning religious texts.

These protests have reached a level where Denmark "is being viewed as a country that facilitates insult and denigration of the cultures, religions, and traditions of other countries" in many parts of the world, it added.

In a separate statement, Swedish Prime Minister Ulf Kristersson said a similar process was already underway and confirmed he had been in close contact with his Danish counterpart Mette Frederiksen.

"We have also started to analyse the legal situation already... in order to consider measures to strengthen our national security and the security of Swedes in Sweden and around the world," he wrote on Instagram.

Both statements followed several high-profile incidents where the Quran was burned or stamped on in recent weeks.

In June, an Iraqi Christian refugee living in Sweden, burned a copy of the religious text outside Stockholm's central mosque.

The man was then given permission to destroy a Quran for a second time last week, which led to Sweden evacuating its embassy staff from Baghdad after the building was stormed and set fire to by protesters

Following this, last week two Danish far-right activists stamped on a Quran and set it alight in a tin foil tray next to an Iraqi flag on the ground outside Iraq's embassy in Copenhagen.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

An extra 5,000 hospital beds will be available this winter to help the NHS in England to cope, health bosses say.

It will mean nearly 100,000 permanent beds accessible at the busiest time of the year - a 5% rise on current levels.

NHS England is also promising quicker discharge arrangements to get patients out of hospital when they are medically-fit to leave.

This will be achieved through the rollout of what have been dubbed "care traffic control centres".

These centres bring together the NHS, community, housing and charity teams to help co-ordinate support for those patients who need help once they leave hospital.

The idea is that plans for a prompt and efficient discharge can be started shortly after patients are admitted to hospital, thanks to better co-ordination among teams over follow-up care.

Last winter, one-in-eight beds were taken by patients who were ready to be released, but could not be discharged because of a lack of available support.

Many departments already use this approach, but NHS England has requested all areas have joint teams in place for winter.

Hospitals will also be provided with financial incentives to improve performance, such as keeping A&E waiting times to four hours or less.

The details have yet to be finalised, but it is thought likely it will include extra money for the 2024-2025 financial year for those hospitals that exceed expectations over the winter period.

Alongside these measures there will be at least 10,000 'virtual' hospital beds open by autumn. Under such an arrangement, doctors provide remote monitoring of patients in their home, who would otherwise have to be admitted to hospital.

They have been used in recent years for patients with conditions such as respiratory infections and heart problems.

There will also be the option for hospitals to open emergency escalation beds if needed, NHS England said.

Sarah-Jane Marsh, from NHS England, said the measures would help the service increase its "resilience" during the busy winter months.

Matthew Taylor, of the NHS Confederation - which represents hospitals - said the measures were based on "sound evidence", but questioned whether there will be sufficient funding and staff to make the plan work. One-in-10 nurse posts are currently vacant.

Adam Price took over as party leader in autumn 2018

Adam Price said Plaid Cymru's "time has come" when he took over as leader five years ago.

His victory was not unexpected - with his imposing presence and strong oratory skills, Mr Price had long been regarded as a future leader.

But he departs after a report heavily criticised the workplace culture that existed in his party, alleging harassment, bullying and misogyny.

A miner's son from the Amman Valley, Adam Price's politics were shaped by the long miners' strike of the mid-1980s.

He became an MP in 2001, representing Carmarthen East and Dinefwr, and made his mark in Westminster by leading an unsuccessful attempt to impeach the then prime minister, Tony Blair, over claims that Saddam Hussein's regime in Iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction.

Mr Price stood down as an MP in 2010 before going to study at the prestigious Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University in the US.

In 2016 he returned to frontline politics - this time in Cardiff Bay, still representing his home constituency.

One campaign leaflet that year famously described him as an "X-factor politician" and the "mab darogan" (the son of prophecy) - a figure from Welsh mythology who it is said will redeem Wales in its hour of need.

Adam Price and other party leaders meeting the Prince of Wales at the Senedd last year

Two years later he ousted Leanne Wood and became the first openly gay leader of a Welsh political party.

Mr Price described the decision to challenge one of his "oldest friends in politics" as "the most difficult thing I've had to wrestle with in my political life".

Ms Wood would later tell the BBC that the move led to the collapse of their friendship.

In a departure from his predecessor's approach, Mr Price put the notoriously tricky subject of independence at the heart of his political plan, pledging to hold a referendum on the issue by 2030.

But at the snap general election of December 2019 the party found itself squeezed out of the Brexit-dominated debate, and though Plaid held on to its four seats in Westminster, its share of the vote fell back and it came a disappointing third in its main target seat of Ynys Môn.

Labour First Minister Mark Drakeford and Adam Price signed a co-operation deal in late 2021

And so to the 2021 Senedd election, where independence would be front and centre of the party's campaign.

Ahead of the vote, Mr Price said that he would count anything less than becoming first minister as a "failure", and he ruled out working with the Conservatives and joining a coalition with Labour as a junior partner.

But the party slipped back into third place, losing its grip on the Rhondda seat held by Ms Wood, as it struggled to compete with the favourable response towards the Labour First Minister Mark Drakeford's leadership during the pandemic.

Months later, and with Mr Drakeford having fallen just short of a majority in the Senedd, Mr Price formed a co-operation agreement with the Welsh Labour government.

This was to be a new kind of deal, and one which would allow Plaid Cymru to push through some of its key policies, including Senedd expansion, the extension of free school meals, and free childcare for two year-olds.

And that's why in the run-up to last May's Welsh local elections Mr Price - by now a father of two young children - was able to claim his party was "making a difference", and had "snatched a moral victory from the mawing jaws of defeat".

By the end of the year the party was engulfed by claims of a toxic culture within Plaid and criticism of the leadership's handling of the situation.

That culminated in a report by Nerys Evans which said the party had tolerated "too many instances of bad behaviour".

Mr Price initially insisted he would remain in post, arguing that quitting would be "abdicating" his responsibility.

However a week on Mr Price has announced that he will step down and so it will be up to his successor to address the issues raised by the report and set a course for the party into the general election.

An "alliance of authoritarian powers" is working more closely together against Western democracies, the head of Nato has warned.

Jens Stoltenberg told the BBC that Russia, Iran, China and North Korea are increasingly aligned.

He also said he was confident allies of the Nato military alliance would agree a long-term funding deal for Ukraine by July.

But he suggested Ukraine might have to decide on some "kind of compromises".

Mr Stoltenberg was speaking to Sunday With Laura Kuenssberg, in an interview to be broadcast on Sunday morning.

On the Middle East conflict, he said it was "very important" that the US and other Nato countries conveyed "a very clear message to Israel" that they have to do "significantly more" to protect civilians and aid workers after the World Central Kitchen convoy attack.

Mr Stoltenberg took over as the leader of Nato, the Western defence alliance, 10 years ago.

Speaking to mark the 75th anniversary of the organisation, he told me the world was now "much more dangerous, much more unpredictable" and "much more violent".

He said there is an "authoritarian" alliance giving each other practical support that is "more and more aligned".

The Nato chief explained: "China is propping up the Russian war economy, delivering key parts to the defence industry, and in return, Moscow is mortgaging its future to Beijing."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Jens Stoltenberg says the West must stand up to "authoritarian alliance"

Russia was providing technology to Iran and North Korea in return for ammunition and military equipment, he added.

Mr Stoltenberg told me that Nato had to work with other countries beyond its geography - such as Japan and South Korea - to "stand up against this stronger alliance of authoritarian powers".

The Nato chief has been trying to persuade other countries to commit more money to the war effort in Ukraine in recent days in the hope of a five-year, 100bn euro (£86bn) fund. He said he was confident he would get an agreement by July, despite some countries expressing hesitation this week.

Long-term support was vital now, and to rebuild the country after the conflict, he said.

"Even if we believe and hope that the war will end in the near future, we need to support Ukraine for many years, to build their defences to deter future aggression," he said.

Sign up for the Off Air with Laura K newsletter to get Laura Kuenssberg's expert insight and insider stories every week, emailed directly to you.

However, while Mr Stoltenberg said that military support was vital to repel Russian forces from Ukraine and force Putin to give up his goals of occupation, he also suggested that Ukraine might ultimately have to make concessions too.

"At the end of the day, it has to be Ukraine that decides what kind of compromises they're willing to do, we need to enable them to be in a position where they actually achieve an acceptable result around the negotiating table," he said.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Nato chief says that Ukraine may have to decide what compromises it wants to make

He said he was not calling for Ukraine to offer concessions now, and added that "real peace" would be achievable when "Ukraine prevails". But his language is notable because President Volodymyr Zelensky has always been adamant that he would never negotiate with Putin despite some calls on him to do so, including from the Pope.

Mr Stoltenberg refused to be drawn on whether he was concerned about the possible return of Donald Trump to the White House, saying only that he was sure the US would continue to be an important ally, whoever was in charge.

But his remarks about the way regimes around the world are working together are a reminder for Western leaders of the complicated and dangerous diplomatic jigsaw they have to piece together.

More than two years into the conflict in Ukraine, our politicians must grapple with the reality that what is happening there is affected by decisions not just in Moscow and Kyiv but also in Washington DC, Brussels and London, as well as Beijing, Tehran and even Pyongyang.

Meanwhile, six months into the Middle East conflict in Gaza, as Jeremy Bowen writes, solutions are affected by decisions not just by Israelis and Palestinians, but also Iranians, politicians in the US, the Gulf States and the UK.

Most recently, this has centred on a row over arms sales, prompting criticism of the government from all sides. The latest intervention came on Saturday morning from one former Conservative prime minister, Boris Johnson, to another, Foreign Secretary Lord Cameron.

Foreign policy is rarely the overwhelming driver of votes and public opinion in the UK. This is partly because opposition parties traditionally try to avoid fights at home about battles abroad.

It's also partly because voters' top priorities normally centre on their own lives and the prospects for their families. But that does not mean that the public doesn't care, or is immune from the horror they see unfolding on their screens every day, or hasn't been affected by world events - take, for instance, the huge energy price rises caused by the Ukraine conflict.

And conflicts around the world in all their complexities are increasingly occupying our politicians' time, energy and effort.

O'Connor was best known for her single Nothing Compares 2 U, written by Prince

Irish singer and activist Sinéad O'Connor has died at the age of 56.

Her family announced the news "with great sadness", saying "her family and friends are devastated". The cause of death has not been made public.

She was best known for her single Nothing Compares 2 U, released in 1990, which reached number one and brought her worldwide fame.

Taoiseach (Irish PM) Leo Varadkar said her music "was loved around the world and her talent was unmatched".

Irish President Michael D Higgins praised O'Connor's "authenticity" as well as her "beautiful, unique voice".

"What Ireland has lost at such a relatively young age is one of our greatest and most gifted composers, songwriters and performers of recent decades, one who had a unique talent and extraordinary connection with her audience, all of whom held such love and warmth for her," he said.

Born Sinead Marie Bernadette O'Connor in Glenageary, County Dublin, in December 1966, the singer had a difficult childhood.

As a teenager, she was placed in Dublin's An Grianan Training Centre, once one of the notorious Magdalene laundries, originally set up to incarcerate young girls deemed to be promiscuous.

One nun bought her a guitar and set her up with a music teacher - which led to the launch of O'Connor's musical career.

She released her first critically acclaimed album The Lion And The Cobra in 1987, which entered the top 40 in the UK and US.

Her follow-up was I Do Not Want What I Haven't Got, which included Nothing Compares 2 U.

Written by Prince, the song reached number one around the world, including in the US and the UK.

Irish singer Sinéad O'Connor has died at the age of 56

O'Connor, who was outspoken in her social and political views, released 10 studio albums between 1987 and 2014.

In 1991, she was was named artist of the year by Rolling Stone magazine and took home the Brit Award for international female solo artist.

The following year, one of the most notable events of her career took place when she ripped up a picture of Pope John Paul II on US TV show Saturday Night Live, where she was the invited performer.

Following an a cappella performance of Bob Marley's War, she looked at the camera and said "fight the real enemy", a protest against child sexual abuse in the Catholic Church.

Her actions resulted in her being banned for life by broadcaster NBC and protests against her in the US, which saw copies of her records destroyed in New York's Times Square.

"I'm not sorry I did it. It was brilliant," she said in an interview with the New York Times in 2021.

O'Connor's last studio album, I'm Not Bossy, I'm The Boss, was released in 2014.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Sinéad O'Connor: In her own words

Converting to Islam in 2018, the Dublin singer changed her name to Shuhada' Sadaqat, but continued to perform under her birth name. She released a memoir, Rememberings, in 2021.

In January 2022, her 17-year-old son Shane was found dead after being reported missing two days previously.

Writing on social media following his death, she said he had "decided to end his earthly struggle" and requested "no-one follows his example".

The singer later cancelled all live performances for the rest of 2022 due to her "continuing grief" following the death of her son.

O'Connor paid tribute to Shane in one of her final tweets, calling him "the love of my life, the lamp of my soul, we were one soul in two halves".

Converting to Islam in 2018, the Dublin singer changed her name to Shuhada' Sadaqat

Belfast filmmaker Kathryn Ferguson, one of the last few people to speak to O'Connor before her death, said she was "devastated" by the news.

Ferguson had been working on a documentary film about O'Connor, titled Nothing Compares, which is set to be released this Saturday.

"Our film really, for me, it was a love letter to Sinéad. It was made over many, many years," she told BBC Radio 4's Front Row. "And made because of the impact she'd had on me as a young girl growing up in Ireland.

"She is one of the most radical, incredible musicians that we've had. And we were very, very lucky to have had her."

Social media was also flooded with tributes to the singer after her death was announced on Wednesday evening.

Singer Alison Moyet said O'Connor had an "astounding presence" and a voice that "cracked stone with force by increment".

"As beautiful as any girl around & never traded on that card. I loved that about her. Iconoclast."

Irish comedian Dara O'Briain said of her death: "That's just very sad news. Poor thing. I hope she realised how much love there was for her."

Musician Tim Burgess of the Charlatans said: "Sinead was the true embodiment of a punk spirit. She did not compromise and that made her life more of a struggle. Hoping that she has found peace."

"How she suffered. Poor, poor Sinéad. Rest in peace, you amazing, brave, beautiful, unique wonder."

Journalist Caitlin Moran posted: "She was decades before her time, and fearless. Rest in power, queen."

Irish film director Mark Cousins added: "Sinéad O'Connor was our Irish wild side. Such a big part of our imagined lives."

Singer Bryan Adams, who had collaborated with O'Connor, wrote: "RIP Sinéad O'Connor, I loved working with you making photos, doing gigs in Ireland together and chats, all my love to your family."

In a Twitter post, Irish mixed martial arts star Conor McGregor, who O'Connor once sang into the ring for a UFC fight in Las Vegas, wrote: "Ireland has lost an iconic voice and one of our absolute finest, by a long shot. And I have lost a friend."

No-one sang like Sinéad O'Connor. No-one.

Her every note screamed with naked passion. She turned Prince's saccharine Nothing Compares 2 U into an almighty howl of pain and loss.

Those emotions were her bedfellows. She had a traumatic childhood. Her parents divorced when she was eight, and her mother - who she later claimed had abused her - died in a car accident in 1985.

As a teenager she was arrested for shoplifting and sent to a Magdalene Asylum, which she described as a "prison" where the "girls cried every day".

All those harrowing experiences, and ones yet to come, poured into her music. I Am Stretched On Your Grave is a hauntingly beautiful song about love and loss while Three Babies, from her second album, laid bare her sorrow after she had suffered several miscarriages.

She also took on other people's pain. Her breakthrough single, Mandinka, contained oblique references to female genital mutilation. 1990's Black Boys On Mopeds addressed police brutality against black men, two years before the LA riots thrust the issue into the spotlight.

Although she was a controversial figure, there was always a tenderness to her protests. When she ripped up a picture of the Pope on US television, she was thinking about victims of abuse, not about her image.

Her later albums featured guest spots by her own children, and hymns to peace and community. Earlier this year, she won a classic album award in Ireland, and dedicated it to the country's refugee community.

Nothing Compares 2 U was the outlier: a song that made her famous against her wishes. At heart, she was a protest singer with a voice that demanded to be heard. That is how we should remember her.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

MDP Wethersfield in Essex is located about 10 miles from the nearest big town of Braintree

A council has lost its High Court bid to block government plans to house asylum seekers at a former RAF base.

The Home Office wants to house 1,700 adult male migrants at MDP Wethersfield in rural Essex, making it the UK's largest asylum accommodation centre.

Braintree District Council wanted an injunction, arguing the proposals were a "flagrant breach" of planning laws.

Mr Justice Waksman said he did not have the legal power to grant the council's application.

"Braintree District Council says this is all about cost - but I do not accept that," he said, giving a ruling in London earlier.

"It is also a question of the general sustainability of the hotel options going forward.

"Provision of the accommodation for the asylum seekers is not just an option for the home secretary - but a statutory obligation."

MDP Wethersfield is located about 10 miles north of Braintree, which is the nearest large town

The judge said while he ruled in favour of Home Secretary Suella Braverman, he granted the council permission to take the case to the Court of Appeal because it had major implications.

"It is important for both local authorities and central government to know where they stand as soon as possible," he added.

The government has also earmarked two other Ministry of Defence (MOD) sites for asylum seeker accommodation - at RAF Scampton in Lincolnshire and in a former RAF station-turned-prison at Bexhill in East Sussex.

About 250 people turned out for a protest in Wethersfield in March

The Home Office and MOD argued at a one-day hearing on Wednesday that changing the use of government-owned land was justified under planning law because it would prevent an emergency which "threatens serious damage to human welfare".

However, the council's barrister Wayne Beglan said: "They are not emergencies sufficient to justify circumventing the normal planning controls."

The government has said it wants to stop putting up asylum seekers in hotels, which it has estimated costs £6.2m per day.

It said 48,000 out of 109,000 asylum seekers in the UK, as of March this year, were in hotels.

The airfield site covers about 335 hectares and is located 10 miles from the nearest railway station in Braintree.

There is no longer an RAF presence at Wethersfield, between the towns of Braintree and Haverhill, but it is used for MOD Police training.

Reacting to the High Court ruling, a Braintree council spokesperson said the local authority would continue to "press" the Home Office for more detail about its plans.

They added: "We remain of the view that Wethersfield airfield is an unsuitable site, given the lack of capacity in local services, its isolated location, the size of the site, and the fact that the scale of the development proposed could have a significant impact upon the local community."

The Home Office has welcomed the judgement.

"Delivering accommodation on surplus military sites will provide cheaper and more suitable accommodation for those arriving in small boats, whilst helping to reduce the use of costly hotels," a spokesperson said.

"Not only are accommodation sites more affordable for taxpayers, but they are also more manageable and orderly for communities, thanks to healthcare and catering facilities on site, 24/7 security and the purpose built basic, safe and secure accommodation they provide."

Find BBC News: East of England on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. If you have a story suggestion email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk

Scotland's new First Minister Humza Yousaf has announced that Shona Robison will serve as his deputy.

Ms Robison has been an MSP since 1999, and has served as health secretary and social justice secretary.

Mr Yousaf made the announcement moments after MSPs voted to make him Scotland's sixth first minister.

He will be sworn in at the Court of Session on Wednesday morning, and is expected to start appointing his cabinet in the afternoon.

Ms Robison, who is MSP for Dundee City East, is a close friend of Mr Yousaf's predecessor Nicola Sturgeon - who posted congratulations on Twitter.

The former health secretary nominated Mr Yousaf for the post of first minister in advance of the formal vote which made him parliament's nominee for the post.

And after it concluded, he told reporters she would be his deputy first minister.

Mr Yousaf was also nominated by MSP Neil Gray, who played a key role in his campaign and is also expected to land a key role in government.

Further appointments are expected to be announced on Wednesday, before being confirmed in more votes at Holyrood on Thursday.

Ms Robison has held a series of roles in government, dating back to before Mr Yousaf was elected to Holyrood.

She was the minister who oversaw the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow, was health secretary under Ms Sturgeon and was later in charge of social justice, housing and local government.

An "alliance of authoritarian powers" is working more closely together against Western democracies, the head of Nato has warned.

Jens Stoltenberg has told the BBC that Russia, Iran, China and North Korea are increasingly aligned.

The Nato chief explains that: "China is propping up the Russian war economy, delivering key parts to the defence industry, and in return, Moscow is mortgaging its future to Beijing."

He also has said he's confident that allies of the Nato military alliance would agree a long-term funding deal for Ukraine by July.

But he also suggests Ukraine might have to decide on some "kind of compromises".

On the Middle East conflict, he has said it is "very important" that the US and other Nato countries convey "a very clear message to Israel" that they have to do "significantly more" to protect civilians and aid workers after the World Central Kitchen convoy attack.

Stoltenberg took over as the leader of Nato, the Western defence alliance, 10 years ago.

Speaking to mark the 75th anniversary of the organisation, he has told me the world is now "much more dangerous, much more unpredictable" and "much more violent".

He has said there is an "authoritarian" alliance giving each other practical support that is "more and more aligned".
• Read more here about Laura Kuenssberg's interview with Jens Stoltenberg

Alun Titford and Sarah Lloyd-Jones have been jailed

The parents of a 16-year-old girl who died following "shocking" neglect have been jailed.

Kaylea Titford's father Alun Titford, from Newtown, Powys, was found guilty of manslaughter by gross negligence and has been jailed for seven years and six months.

Kaylea's mother Sarah Lloyd-Jones admitted the same charge and was sentenced to six years.

The teenager's body was found on soiled sheets at their home in October 2020.

Sentencing the pair at Swansea Crown Court on Wednesday, Mr Justice Martin Griffiths said Kaylea's parents were "both equally responsible and were both equally culpable."

The judge added: "This was a horrifying case. A case of sustained neglect, leading to the death of a vulnerable, bedridden child at the hands of her own parents."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The hearing was the first time broadcasters were allowed to film a crown court hearing in Wales, following a major change in the law last year which permitted TV cameras in some courtrooms.

Kaylea had spina bifida, which left her with little feeling from the waist down and limited her mobility, and had used a wheelchair from a young age.

The trial heard that when she was found dead at her home on 10 October 2020 she was morbidly obese, weighing nearly 23 stone (146 kg).

Her hair was dirty and matted and she was unwashed with ulcerated skin.

Prosecutor Caroline Rees KC said her parents' "serious failures were hidden from the world" because of the coronavirus lockdown, which kept Kaylea at home from March 2020 onwards.

This left her "trapped" in an "inhumane" environment where she lay on "filthy puppy pads", with maggots and flies on and around her body.

Kaylea had been restricted to her bed for more than six months since the start of the UK's Covid lockdown when she died

"Kaylea lived and died in squalor and degradation", she added.

Before the lockdown, Kaylea was described as being "fiercely independent and a lovely, chatty girl", but she became less able to move using a wheelchair.

Kaylea had not been seen by any medical professional in the nine months prior to her death, the court was told, and the evidence of a doctor was that the "consequences of neglect" were the worst he had seen in 30 years of practice.

In the three months before her death, the household had spent a total of £1,035.76 on takeaway food.

"As her condition deteriorated, the expenditure on takeaways and fast food increased," Ms Rees said.

The court heard that Kaylea was "eating, sleeping and defecating" from her bed.

"The last months of Kaylea Titford's life must have been horrendous," Ms Rees said.

The court also heard a series of text messages between Kaylea and her mother in August and September 2020, in which she asked for help with "incontinence needs".

"It shows that Sarah Lloyd-Jones was fully aware, and did not do anything about it," Ms Rees said.

Ms Rees said it was not a "lapse" in care, but "repeated negligent conduct in the face of obvious suffering".

She added: "Both parents had a duty of care, both were equally responsible. The fact that Alun Titford chose to absent himself from the care of Kaylea, does not give him an excuse."

Kaylea was subjected to "shocking and prolonged" neglect at the hands of her parents

In mitigation for Lloyd-Jones, Lewis Power KC said his client had an "epiphany of insight into her actions", leading to her guilty plea.

"She accepts that she owed her daughter a duty of care, and that she did breach that duty by failing to take reasonable care for her daughter's health and welfare needs."

Mr Power said that, prior to the pandemic, Lloyd-Jones was "a lady who tried her best", and added that she suffered from depression and became "gradually overwhelmed", particularly due to the "pressures of lockdown".

David Elias KC, representing Titford, said his client showed "genuine remorse" and that the pair had been "good parents" up until the lockdown period.

He said that Titford suffered from depression and a historic drug addiction, "lacked confidence" and was "overly reliant" on others.

However, the judge said he "did not accept" that outside agencies should have been more proactive.

"They never asked for help they didn't get. They never asked for help at all," he said.

In a statement after the sentencing, Dean Quick of the Crown Prosecution Service said: "No child should have to endure these types of living conditions or the extensive level of suffering faced by Kaylea.

"The level of neglect in this case was some of the most extreme that CPS Cymru-Wales has had to deal with."

Det Ch Insp Jon Rees, of Dyfed-Powys Police, said the conditions Kaylea lived in were "incomprehensible".

"While we did all we could to ensure we got justice for Kaylea, nothing will take away from the loss of a teenage girl who was so badly let down by the very people who should have been caring for her," he added.

NSPCC Cymru said the case was "incredibly distressing", adding that the forthcoming safeguarding review "must leave no stone unturned" in establishing whether more could have been done to protect Kaylea.

Powys council said a review would be carried out by the mid and west Wales regional safeguarding children board.

A spokesman added: "The council does not feel able to comment until this process has been completed."

If you have been affected by any of the issues in this story, the BBC Action Line has links to organisations which can offer support and advice

Children are at most risk of exceeding the safe limits on aspartame, found in diet drinks

Advice on how much aspartame we can eat or drink is unchanged, despite the sweetener being classified as "possibly" causing cancer.

Two groups of experts at the World Health Organization have been reviewing thousands of scientific studies.

The "possibly carcinogenic" label often causes fear and confusion, but just means the evidence is unconvincing.

Most people consume less than the safe upper limits of aspartame, but the WHO recommends heavy consumers cut down.

Aspartame is found in diet and sugar-free versions of foods, as the chemical gives a taste 200 times sweeter than sugar for little calories.

Famous brands containing the sweetener include Diet Coke, Coke Zero, Pepsi Max and 7 Up Free, but aspartame is in around 6,000 products ranging from toothpaste and chewing gums to yoghurts and cough sweets.

Despite being so widespread, the chemical's safety has been a source of controversy since it was introduced in the 1980s.

I asked Dr Francesco Branca, the director of the department of nutrition and food safety at the World Health Organisation (WHO), what was the healthier choice: sugar or sweetener?

He told me: "Faced with a decision of whether to take cola with sweeteners or one with sugar, I think there should be a third option, which is to drink water instead and to limit the consumption of sweetened products altogether."

He said the reviews had "raised the flag" that aspartame may not be great for your health, but said you "shouldn't have a concern" about an occasional diet drink or other product containing the sweetener, adding "the problem is for high consumers".

The first body to assess the evidence was the WHO's cancer experts - the International Agency for Research on Cancer.

IARC uses four possible classifications:

It has moved aspartame into the "possibly carcinogenic" category alongside other substances such as aloe vera and lead. This decision largely centres on three studies suggesting a connection to a type of liver cancer.

However, the "possibly" refers only to the strength of scientific evidence. If the evidence was strong, then aspartame would be in a higher category.

Dr Mary Schubauer-Berigan, of the International Agency for Research on Cancer, said the "evidence was not of sufficiently high quality or convincing enough" and "this is really more a call to the research community" to study the sweetener more.

The cancer classifications frequently lead to misleading headlines. Alcohol and plutonium are in the same category (both are proven to cause cancer), but one is seriously more dangerous than the other.

So a separate body - the World Health Organization and the Food and Agriculture Organization Joint Expert Committee on Food Additives - has the job of working out safe doses.

It analysed the cancer risk as well as other issues such as heart disease and type 2 diabetes, but found "no sufficient reason" to alter the advice it has had since 1981.

So the safe limits remain at 40 milligrams per kilogram of your body weight, per day.

These aren't targets, they're the upper safety limits. But as the advice is based on body weight, it is easier for children to get close to the limit.

Dr Branca said it was "not a good practice" to have a bottle of sweet fizzy drink on the table at family dinner time, as children risked being set up with a sweet tooth for life.

He also stressed that large reviews of the evidence show sweeteners do not help people lose weight.

So his advice is for everyone to shift to a less sweet diet - cutting both sugar and sweeteners - and for companies to produce foods that are less sweet, but still tasty.

One of the big outstanding research questions is how might aspartame result in cancer (if indeed it does). The WHO reports show that aspartame itself is rapidly broken down in the gut into three other substances - phenylalanine, aspartic acid and methanol.

But these are also the product of digesting a wide variety of other foods that are not linked with cancer. And the researchers concluded that aspartame is not directly making cancerous mutations in people's DNA. Raising levels of inflammation in the body is one possibility.

Frances Hunt-Wood, secretary general of the International Sweeteners Association, said the work had "once again reaffirmed aspartame's safety".

She added: "Aspartame, like all low/no calorie sweeteners, when used as part of a balanced diet, provides consumers with choice to reduce sugar intake, a critical public health objective."

There are some people who cannot safely consume aspartame. These are people with an inherited disease called phenylketonuria or PKU, who are born unable to metabolise the phenylalanine that is released as aspartame is broken down.
• None Aspartame - is it a possible cause of cancer?

A pair of Air Jordan XIIIs worn by Michael Jordan during the 1998 NBA Finals has sold for $2.2m

A pair of trainers once worn by basketball legend Michael Jordan has sold for $2.2m (£1.7m) at auction, becoming the priciest shoes ever sold.

The signed sneakers - which Sotheby's had estimated would fetch $2m to $4m - are among the most expensive Jordan items auctioned.

A jersey he wore at the 1998 NBA Finals sold in 2022 for $10.1m.

The latest sale seals Jordan's position as the most valuable athlete at auctions for sportswear memorabilia.

"Today's record-breaking result further proves that the demand for Michael Jordan sports memorabilia continues to outperform and transcend all expectations," said Brahm Wachter, Sotheby's Head of Streetwear and Modern Collectables.

The previous record for Jordan shoes was $1.47m for a pair of his Nike Air Ships auctioned in 2021.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The Air Jordan XIIIs sold on Tuesday were worn by the basketball star during his last championship season with the Chicago Bulls in 1997-98.

Jordan had the size-13 shoes on when he scored 37 points in Game 2 of the 1998 NBA Finals series, carrying the Bulls to a 93-88 victory over the Utah Jazz.

The Bulls went on to win the championship, a story told in the 2020 documentary series "Last Dance" about the megastar's last season with the team.

It was Jordan's sixth NBA championship and the fifth time he'd be named the NBA's Most Valuable Player.

Right after the Game 2 victory, Jordan gave the shoes to a ball boy in the locker room as thanks for finding a lost jacket, Sotheby's auction house says.

The "Bred" Air Jordans - short for "black and red" - are the only complete pair of sneakers worn by Jordan in an NBA Finals game to be authenticated, Sotheby's said.

Jordan wore the first Air Jordan shoe in 1984 during his rookie season with the Chicago Bulls. The Air Jordan I became available to the general public the following year. To date, more than 30 different models of the Air Jordan have been made.

Jordan won a total of six NBA Finals championships, two Olympic Gold Medals and numerous other accolades.

He is widely considered one of the greatest athletes of all time.

The Chicago Bulls' Michael Jordan takes a shot during Game 4 of the 1998 NBA Finals in Salt Lake City, Utah

Laura Mackenzie is taking action against Police Scotland because she believes she was discriminated against for taking antidepressant medication

An Inverness woman has launched legal action against Police Scotland after having a job offer withdrawn because she was taking antidepressants.

Laura Mackenzie had sailed through the recruitment process for her "dream job" to become a police officer.

But after reaching the stage of being sent for a medical and fitted for a uniform it was taken away.

Police Scotland's occupational health provider said a policy of two years free of the medication was in place.

The force said it could not comment on the case.

Ms Mackenzie was described by her recruiting officer as an "impressive" candidate when she applied to join Police Scotland in June 2019.

He also said her application to become a probationary officer in the Highlands and Islands division "stood out".

Ms Mackenzie was invited to attend an IQ test in Aberdeen and she spent evenings researching the job and studying practice books to improve her numeracy skills.

Recruitment Inspector Gavin Davidson issued her with a provisional offer of employment in November 2019 - with several conditions.

One was to be "certified by a registered medical practitioner approved by the police authority to be fit both physically and mentally to perform the duties of a police officer".

The letter noted that a failure to meet all or any of the conditions may result in her start date being deferred or the provisional offer being withdrawn.

In court papers lodged to request an employment tribunal, it was stated that Insp Davidson had called Ms Mackenzie to congratulate her.

About a month later, Ms MacKenzie attended a medical ahead of an expected uniform fitting. There the occupational health nurse asked her about antidepressants.

Ms Mackenzie said that she had believed that by this time Police Scotland, or its occupational health advisors, Optima Health, would have had access to her medical records.

She said that she was taking an antidepressant drug for anxiety and depression.

The nurse consulted a colleague and then advised her of a "two year rule" stipulating that probationary police officers had to be free of antidepressant drugs for a period of two years before they could be considered for employment.

Ms Mackenzie said she was "heartbroken" by this after being transparent with Police Scotland about her health.

Insp Davidson called her and was said to be "shocked and apologetic" that she could not be passed fit for duty and that her application would be taken no further.

To make the situation worse Ms Mackenzie said the Highlands and Islands division announced, just weeks later, that it had secured funding for a three-year mental health and wellbeing project for officers and staff.

Police Scotland also confirmed a formal partnership with See Me, Scotland's programme to tackle mental health stigma and discrimination.

Ms Mackenzie went on to work as a nursing assistant in a psychiatric hospital.

But information she learned during her training and while seeking advice, together with a similar case reported by the Scottish Sun newspaper, prompted her to launch legal action.

Despite being outside the usual time limit for making a complaint, a judge ruled that an employment tribunal could hear Ms Mackenzie's case.

Employment cases normally must be brought within three months, but submissions made by Ms Mackenzie's legal team led Judge Russell Bradley to allow the case to proceed.

A preliminary hearing will now take place at a later date.

Ms Mackenzie's solicitor, Jay Lawson told BBC Scotland that this was one of a number of similar cases against Police Scotland, which he said was "worrying in itself".

Mr Lawson, from Dundee firm MML Law, added: "This is a hugely important case for our client given everything she has been through but also for employees and candidates with disabilities who are discriminated against during the recruitment process.

"There is always a bigger picture in a case such as this, in relation to raising awareness.

"Ms Mackenzie instructed us following seeing one of our other cases against Police Scotland and perhaps would not have pursued the case without seeing this."

Wendy Halliday, director of mental health charity See Me, told BBC Scotland: "While there's been real progress in recent years, we know that there is still work to do to address stigma and discrimination for Scotland's workers.

"We firmly believe that no one should be denied a role just because of their mental health, with no other consideration as to how they are, what they could bring to a role, or exploring reasonable adjustments, as required under the 2010 Equality Act, that would support them to carry out the role."

Lee Knifton, director of Mental Health Foundation in Scotland, said: "We can't comment on individual cases but we know that people living with mental health conditions are still facing discrimination.

"We need employers to show leadership and ensure that their recruitment and workplace practices do not negatively affect people living with mental health conditions.

"Around one in six adults live with a common mental health disorder and we are continually learning more about mental health, so any policies in this area should be reviewed regularly to ensure that outdated practices are curbed." A Police Scotland spokesperson said: "It would be inappropriate for us to comment at this stage."

Have you been affected by issues covered in this story? You can share your experiences by emailing newsonline-scotland@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist.

Mexican authorities have found 45 bags containing human remains in a ravine outside the western city of Guadalajara.

Officials were searching for seven young call centre workers, who had been reported missing last week, when they found the bodies.

The remains include men and women, and the number of bodies is not yet known.

The search is expected to continue for several days because of difficult terrain and poor lighting.

The state prosecutor's office for the western state of Jalisco said in a statement that, following a tip-off in the search for the seven people, they had begun searching at the Mirador del Bosque ravine where they found the bags that included body parts.

Firefighters and civil defence were working with police and a helicopter crew to recover the remains.

The first bag was found on Tuesday, but because of the difficult terrain and lack of sunlight, the investigation resumed on Wednesday and will continue until all remains are located, the prosecutor's office said.

Officials said they would continue working to determine the number of dead bodies, who they were, and their causes of death.

It added that it would continue trying to establish the whereabouts of the seven people reported as missing.

Although it has not yet been established how the bodies ended up in the ravine, crimes of disappearance are relatively common in Mexico.

More than 100,000 people are missing, government figures suggest, with many being victims of organised crime. Perpetrators are rarely punished.

Government data shows that many disappearances have occurred since 2007, when then-President Felipe Calderón launched his "war on drugs".

Three quarters of those reported missing were men and one fifth were under the age of 18 at the time of their disappearance.

Relatives of the disappeared say that the government is not doing enough to find them, and that officials are indifferent when they report their loved ones as missing.

The United Nations has called it "a human tragedy of enormous proportions".

Jalisco is the heartland of a violent drug war, and some of the most powerful groups operating there include the Jalisco New Generation cartel (CJNG), and their rival, Nueva Plaza, which split from the CJNG in 2017, sparking violence across Guadalajara, the capital of Jalisco state.

Protesters stand on the train tracks at the Lexington Ave/63rd Street subway station during a "Justice for Jordan Neely" protest Image caption: Protesters stand on the train tracks at the Lexington Ave/63rd Street subway station during a "Justice for Jordan Neely" protest

Multiple protests erupted in the days after Jordan Neely's death on a New York subway.

One of the demonstrators, Kyle Ishmael, a 38-year-old who lives in Harlem, said the video of Neely's death "disgusted" him.

"I couldn't believe this was happening on my subway in my city that I grew up in," he told BBC's US partner, CBS News.

At one protest last week, dozens of people were taken into custody after a group of people jumped down onto the subway tracks.

Some of the rallies have turned violent, with images of a bloodied man being taken to a police van circulating widely on media.

Wathig Ali reached the airfield with his wife, Haifa, and son, Oday

The UK has started evacuating British nationals from Sudan, where intense fighting between rival military forces has been raging for over a week.

People have been told to make their own way to an airfield near the capital Khartoum. It is a potentially perilous journey in the middle of a precarious ceasefire, leaving many Britons thinking hard about what to do.

Wathig Ali, a British citizen in Khartoum, has just reached the airstrip with his pregnant wife Haifa and his six-year-old son Oday. He took the risky decision to drive from his house to the airstrip on Wednesday morning.

"We left at around 5am. We have managed, miraculously, to reach Wadi Saeedna airbase. We are awaiting evacuation now," Mr Ali said.

But Mr Ali's mother, who is in her late 70s and "very sickly", will not be coming to the UK with them.

"British soldiers checked all our papers. I brought my mum with me but she does not have a British passport. I tried to persuade the British soldiers to let her on the plane too but they would not let her.

"It was heart-breaking that I had to say goodbye to my mum."

His wife does not have a British passport either, but their marriage certificate was accepted.

The drive to the airfield was better than expected, Mr Ali said.

Soldiers from the Sudanese army and paramilitary Rapid Support Forces (RSF) waved them through checkpoints, he said.

"While we drove through the streets, we saw lots of RSF soldiers but they were relaxing by the side of the road, probably because it was so early in the morning.

"It looked like they were on holiday."

There are 80 people at the airbase awaiting evacuation, plus 30 British soldiers, Mr Ali said. He added that although there were two planes already there, the soldiers would not say when they will be departing.

"It's clear we might be here until nightfall. We are thirsty and hungry," he said.

"I feel for my pregnant wife - she is acting brave. Escaping this nightmare hasn't been done yet. I hope the nightmare will end soon."

Back in the UK, families are wracked with worry about relatives in Sudan who they have not been able to contact for days due to broken lines of communication.

Some want to know how vulnerable relatives will make it to the airbase without an escort. British charity worker Yasmin Sholgami's grandparents are stranded in Khartoum without food and water.

Health issues and reports of gunfire and shelling - despite the apparent ceasefire - mean the elderly couple are unable to travel to the airbase on their own.

No-one can get to their house to take them, Ms Sholgami told the BBC on Tuesday. Each time relatives have tried, "they've been shot at by snipers".

Her grandfather is 89 and has a British passport. Her 75-year-old grandmother, who holds a British visa, has diabetes: "She can't get up and needs help from numerous people to make it to the airfield."

"Little does the government know that there are many areas in the centre of Khartoum that are too dangerous to leave your house without help from some sort of official," Ms Sholgami added.

An estimated 4,000 UK nationals are stuck in Sudan - among the highest number of foreign citizens there. Many have spent days trapped indoors with dwindling food and water supplies and no electricity or internet connection.

British nationals told the BBC on Monday - before the UK announced that it had started its evacuation effort - that they felt abandoned as other foreign nationals and British embassy workers were flown out. They also complained of poor communication from the Foreign Office's crisis centre.

Javid Abdelmoneim, whose elderly father was stuck alone in Khartoum, received a call from officials on Monday asking that his dad make his way to the airbase, about 13km (8 miles) outside of the capital.

But there was no way to know if the Foreign Office had been able to get in contact with his dad, as he himself had not been able to reach him.

"He's elderly and alone which means he's high priority, but also means he can't get to the airfield," he told the BBC.

Mr Abdelmoneim said his father ended up travelling with family members in an overland convoy on Monday to the Egyptian border.

Another UK national who chose this way out of Sudan described it as a 15-hour journey through "utter devastation" where he was stopped and robbed at gunpoint before being let go.

On Tuesday evening, Prime Minister Rishi Sunak defended the UK government's approach to getting British citizens out of Sudan, following criticism that the Foreign Office was failing those stuck in Khartoum.

"The security situation on the ground in Sudan is complicated, it is volatile and we wanted to make sure we could put in place processes that are going to work for people, that are going to be safe and effective," Mr Sunak said.

He said more than 1,000 UK citizens in Sudan had been contacted about evacuation plans, and "many more" flights would leave on Wednesday.

Are you a British national who has been evacuated from Sudan? Are you still inside the country? If it is safe to do so, share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Police car flipped over as Georgians stay defiant on streets

Thousands of protesters have taken to the streets of Georgia's capital for the second day after parliament backed a draft law which critics say limits press freedom and civil liberties.

On Tuesday, demonstrators clashed with police who used water cannon and pepper spray to disperse them.

The government said 50 police officers were hurt and equipment was damaged.

Some 66 people were arrested, including an opposition leader who was reportedly beaten.

Some protesters in Tbilisi were seen falling on the ground and coughing, while others waved EU and Georgian flags.

There has been widespread international condemnation of the bill. It would require non-governmental and media organisations that receive more than 20% of their funding from abroad to declare themselves as "foreign agents", or face hefty fines and possible imprisonment.

The opposition says the Russian-style law marks a shift towards authoritarianism and would damage Georgia's chances of joining the EU.

On Tuesday, police warned protesters to disperse with a repeated message blaring through loudspeakers. Eventually, officers in riot gear cleared the Rustaveli Avenue, the main thoroughfare outside parliament.

US state department spokesman Ned Price said the draft legislation would be a tremendous setback and "would strike at some of the very rights that are central to the aspirations of the people of Georgia".

The EU is currently considering Georgia's application for candidate status and EU foreign policy chief Josep Borrell warned that the bill was "incompatible with EU values and standards". Many of those protesting waved EU flags.

Russia passed its own version of a "foreign agents" law in 2012, expanding it over the years to target and suppress Western-funded NGOs and media.

"The law is Russian as we all know... We don't want to be a part of the ex-Soviet Union, we want to be a part of the European Union, we want to be pro-West," one protester told Reuters news agency.

Speaking via video during a visit to New York on Tuesday, Georgian President Salome Zourabichvili voiced her support for the protesters: "I am by your side. Today you represent free Georgia. Georgia, which sees its future in Europe, will not allow anyone to take away this future."

But inside the parliament building, 76 lawmakers from the governing Georgian Dream party gave their initial support to the new "transparency of foreign influence" draft law.

On Monday, scuffles broke out at a committee hearing into the proposed legislation, with one pro-government MP slapping the leader of the largest opposition party.

Passing the law would see Georgia join a list of undemocratic and authoritarian post-Soviet states such as Belarus, Tajikistan and Azerbaijan which have copied the Russian law on restricting the activities of NGOs.

Historically, the term "agent" in Russia and Georgia has the meaning of "spy" and "traitor", giving a negative connotation to the work done by civil society. It suggests they are acting in the interest of foreign forces rather than doing good for the country and society.

The US embassy issued a statement describing Tuesday's vote as a "dark day for Georgia's democracy".

It added that parliament's advancing "of these Kremlin-inspired laws was incompatible with the people of Georgia's clear desire for European integration and its democratic development".

The two bills, on the "transparency of foreign agents" and the "registration of foreign agents", were submitted to parliament by the openly anti-Western People's Power movement, a close ally of the governing Georgian Dream party.

The group has argued that the second bill was an exact analogue of the US Foreign Agents Registration Act (FARA).

Georgian Dream supported the drafts, saying that such laws were needed to improve transparency.

At a briefing on Tuesday evening, the chairman of the governing party, Irakli Kobakhidze, hit back at the US embassy's statement, saying it was "a dark day for the radical opposition and its supporters".

What most protesters and the country's opposition fear is that the adoption of the law would mark an end to Georgia's long-standing ambition to join the EU. More than 80% of Georgia's population supports Georgia's European perspective, which is also enshrined in the country's constitution.

A pedestrian in Argentina was caught between two cars that collided before careening away in opposite directions.

The crash happened as the woman crossed the street at an intersection in La Plata a city in Buenos Aires Province.

Local authorities reported that the woman and drivers were not seriously injured.

The family's holding company has not been divided equally among Silvio Berlusconi's five children

It's been the object of much speculation for weeks: who would lead Silvio Berlusconi's empire after his death?

Now his will has been made public, it is clear he has handed a majority stake in the family's holding company Fininvest to his two eldest children, Marina and Pier Silvio.

They will jointly own 53% of the family firm.

The four-time prime minister died on 12 June from leukaemia. One of Italy's richest men, he had amassed a fortune that spanned real estate, television, cinema and sport.

But he never publicly indicated who should lead his business empire.

It turns out he did not distribute his shares in an equal way among his five children, who automatically all receive 15.8%.

Berlusconi's decision to give Marina and Pier Silvio majority was written into the will in 2006

Marina and Pier Silvio are his children from his first marriage and they will receive bigger shares than the three other children from his second wife - Barbara, Eleonora and Luigi.

The two eldest children have held management roles in the family business since the early 1990s.

They earlier said in a statement that "no shareholder will exercise overall individual indirect control of Fininvest".

Berlusconi also left €100m (£85m) to Marta Fascina, his partner at the time of his death and 53 years his junior.

They were not married, but on his deathbed, he referred to her as his wife. In a letter that was enclosed in his will, he wrote: "Whatever the amount, be prepared. They will say it's too much or not enough. Never that it's right."

Berlusconi's brother Paolo also receives €100m, while the late prime minister's close aide Marcello Dell'Utri will have €30m (£26m).

It is not yet clear how Berlusconi's many other valuable assets will be passed on; his numerous luxurious villas could be tricky to give to his offspring in an equal way.

In 2020, Berlusconi added a provision of €100m for his brother Paolo

His Villa San Martino in Arcore, north-east of Milan, covers 3,500 sq m and dates back to the 18th Century. He also has homes at Lake Maggiore, in Rome, Cannes, the Caribbean and elsewhere.

The jewel in Berlusconi's crown of properties is Villa Certosa, a mansion in Sardinia that he bought in the 1970s.

He hosted world leaders there, from Vladimir Putin to George W Bush. It has 126 rooms and looks like a theme park, including a fake volcano that erupts lava. Its value is estimated at €259m.

Berlusconi wrote his will at his Villa Arcore residence near Milan

Silvio Berlusconi was arguably one of the most influential men in Italy's history. For the past 50 years, his shadow has loomed large over parliament, the media, football and the man on the street.

His will included a handwritten letter to his children, which ends with the words: "Thanks, so much love to all of you, your Dad."

People close to the family have described Berlusconi as "the glue" who kept his children united.

The big question is whether that family unity can be maintained now that Berlusconi has gone, and what impact that might have on the future of his business empire.

The fire was contained in two rooms of Jenners

Images from inside Edinburgh's Jenners building have revealed only two rooms were damaged in a fatal fire at the department store.

The structure of the Princes Street building was not damaged and the well-known grand hall was untouched by the blaze.

Firefighter Barry Martin, 38, died at the Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh following the incident.

The owner said January's fire was "very small" despite initial reports.

A room and a changing room area in what was the menswear department of the store were damaged.

The area had been stripped out during construction works which were part of a four-year renovation project at the building - one of the oldest department stores in the world.

Police Scotland returned the building to businessman Anders Holch Povlsen 10 days ago following an investigation into the cause of the fire.

Police handed the building back to its owners 10 days ago

Edward Rennie, director of management construction firm Redside Property Consultants, said the fire started on the Rose Street side of the building.

"We are extremely relieved at the limited extent of the fire damage," he said.

"There is no structural damage anywhere from the fire.

"The atrium [grand hall] is the most sensitive part of the building from a heritage aspect and it is completely intact.

"During the refit the historic atrium balustrade will be removed and restored off site and reinforced with metal to meet current standards."

He said it would take 25 days to clear all the debris from the rooms damaged by the fire.

The fire did not reach Jenner's grand hall, where the store's Christmas tree would attract customers each year

All the asbestos in the building had just been removed when the fire happened on 23 January.

Thousands of tonnes of material including 300 tonnes of metal had also been removed over 12 months of the refit just before the fire.

All the material was removed by hand and dropped down a lift shaft before being pushed through a large window onto Rose Street.

Mr Rennie added: "The fire damage to the building could have been horrific if it hadn't been stripped down due to the current refit."

A Police Scotland spokeswoman said: "The police investigation remains ongoing so we are unable to provide any further detail at this stage."

A burnt lift shaft in one of two rooms where the fire happened in Jenners

Anders Krogh, from AAA United, the company that manages the building for Anders Holch Povlsen, said Barry Martin remained in their thoughts.

He told BBC Scotland a permanent memorial to Mr Martin would be erected in the building during the refit.

At its height, more than 100 firefighters and 22 fire appliances were at the scene of the "serious and complex fire" at the Jenners building.

Two other firefighters taken to hospital were treated for smoke inhalation, and two were treated for burns. A police officer also received treatment.

Founded in 1838, the Jenners building is the oldest department store in Scotland.

Barry Martin was a married father of twin boys, Oliver and Daniel

It was founded as "Kennington & Jenner" in 1838 by Charles Jenner, a linen draper, and Charles Kennington.

The store has never left its site on Princes Street, but its original building was destroyed by fire in 1892.

In 1893 the Scottish architect William Hamilton Beattie was appointed to design a replacement, which subsequently opened in 1895.

The building was sold to private investors in 2005 after House of Fraser bought the Jenners brand and property.

It was then bought by Danish billionaire Anders Holch Povlsen in 2017 for a reported £53m.

During the department store refit disused rooms at the top and rear of the building will be turned into a luxury hotel.

National Rail said the train passed a red signal, and three wheels came off the tracks

Passengers have been warned of delays after a freight train derailed in west London.

National Rail said it happened at West Ealing at about 06:10 BST.

A spokesperson said a freight train travelling on to the West Ealing goods loop "passed a red signal, and three wheels of the locomotive came off the tracks".

Great Western Railway (GWR), Elizabeth line and Heathrow Express passengers' journeys have been affected.

"There were no injuries, and we closed the adjacent lines to assess that it was safe for trains to pass," the spokesperson added. Lines have since reopened.

Its website says disruption is affecting the line between Paddington, Heathrow Airport and Reading, and could last until 17:00 on Friday.

In a statement, it said trains could be cancelled, delayed or diverted including on the Elizabeth line between Abbey Wood and Heathrow Terminal 4, Maidenhead and Reading; between London Paddington and Reading; and between Shenfield and Heathrow Terminal 5.

National Rail said the disruption could last until Friday afternoon

Heathrow Express trains between London Paddington and Heathrow Terminal 5 may also be affected, it said.

A spokesperson for operator GB Railfreight said: "We are currently working with the relevant authorities to determine the cause of a slow-speed minor derailment of one of our trains in West Ealing.

"The site of the incident is safe and we're working to get the train re-railed as quickly as possible."

It comes after Network Rail announced last month it would develop a recovery plan for the Reading-London Paddington route, after months of poor performance.

The route is now set to be overhauled in three phases over 18 months.

In December, broken wires left 4,000 passengers stranded on trains for four hours at night near Ladbroke Grove in west London.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, X and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

David Hunter, pictured at an earlier hearing, has been in custody since his wife's death

A British pensioner accused of murdering his ill wife has told a court in Cyprus she begged him to help end her life.

Janice Hunter, who was 74 and had cancer, died in December 2021 at home near Paphos.

Lawyers for her 75-year-old husband David, a retired Northumberland miner, say her death was assisted suicide.

Mr Hunter has admitted killing his wife but a plea deal on a lesser charge of manslaughter collapsed in December.

The trial has previously heard Mrs Hunter had a rare blood cancer but might not have had terminal leukaemia.

Giving evidence - at times tearfully - her husband said she asked repeatedly for help to end her suffering but that he "just couldn't do it".

He said he "regretted" what "I had to do".

Janice and David Hunter had been together for more than 50 years

After his wife told him she was "sick of being alive" he reluctantly acted, he told the court.

"In the last four or five weeks, she asked me to help and I said 'no' every day," he told his trial.

"She asked me all the time and I always said 'no' - I didn't want to do it.

"After 57 years together, I just couldn't do it. In the last week she just cried and just cried and begged me to help her. I didn't answer."

Mr Hunter said his wife told him she felt she had "no life" due to her repeated trips between hospital and home.

He told the court at one point she became "hysterical" and to calm her down he said he would help end her suffering even though he said he had no intention of doing so.

However, on the day of her death, he said he had got up to make coffee and his wife was crying.

Asked by the defence barrister what he remembered, he said his "mind switched off - I never wanted to kill her".

He added he then suffocated his wife with his hand.

"I don't even know how I thought about it," he said.

"I don't know how long I kept my hands there for. She did not attempt to stop me.

"In my statement I said that she was resisting but she wasn't. She was moving her head. I don't even think she opened her eyes."

Asked about his feelings for her, Mr Hunter said he loved his wife and added: "I regret what I had to do.

"I would never help her take her life if she hadn't begged me."

David Hunter told the court he loved his wife Janice

As he recounted his wife's final few weeks, he said: "She cried. She couldn't do nothing. She couldn't move.

"She was sleeping in the leather chair downstairs and for the last week we slept down on those chairs together."

Responding to a question from defence lawyer Ritsa Pekri, Mr Hunter said his wife had been unable to look after herself.

"The last two or three days, she said she couldn't move her arms and had trouble with her legs. She couldn't balance.

"She was only eating soup. She couldn't hold anything down. She lost a lot of weight."

Under cross-examination from state prosecutor Andreas Hadjikyrou, Mr Hunter said he had been hoping for a "small miracle" to help his wife's health improve and that she would change her mind about wanting to die.

He said: "My mind was full 24 hours a day thinking of my wife. She was lying in pain, suffering, I couldn't do anything to help her.

"I wanted her to change her mind. I kept saying it's not easy [to help someone die], you can't just do something like that.

"I had no intention of killing her.

"It was her decision, she didn't want any more treatment. I can't tell her, she's got her own mind and she asked me. She wasn't just my wife, she was my best friend.

"You haven't seen the strain of the last six years, what she's gone through - the situation, the pressure. I wouldn't like anyone to go through the last six months we both went through."

The retired couple lived in Tremithousa, near Paphos

Asked by the prosecution why he had told a doctor he had decided to end his wife's life but not tell her in case she changed her mind, Mr Hunter said he was "under so much pressure" and there were some things he could not remember as a result of a stroke.

He said he had told his wife that if she did die, he would have to take his own life, saying to her: "I don't want to be without you for the rest of my life."

David Hunter had waited 17 months for this.

Finally, he could give his own version of events to the three judges who will decide his fate.

Wearing a black shirt and black jeans, the grandfather walked into the courtroom looking composed. He spoke for more than four hours through a translator.

It was a painful testimony. There were tears when he talked about the final moments of his wife's life and smiles when he spoke about their marriage.

In a trial for the murder he denies, today was an important day for him to explain why he says it was not premeditated, but a last-minute decision - and therefore, assisted suicide.

This is being seen as a test case in Cyprus where euthanasia is strongly opposed by the Orthodox Church.

Earlier in the trial, the court heard Mr Hunter contacted his brother on Facebook to say he had killed his wife and then tried to take his own life at their home in Tremithousa.

Cypriot police were alerted by Interpol in the UK shortly before 20:00 GMT on 18 December 2021.

Officers arrived at the couple's retirement property and Mr Hunter was taken to hospital and later arrested.

The couple had moved from Ashington to Paphos 20 years ago.

After the day's proceedings drew to a close, Mr Hunter spoke to reporters about giving evidence and said: "I got my say, this is what I wanted. To tell them things that they never even thought about."

At home in the UK, the couple's daughter Lesley Cawthorne said it had been "a very emotional experience to see my dad have to relive the worst day of his life".

Follow BBC North East & Cumbria on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Send your story ideas to northeastandcumbria@bbc.co.uk.

The Prince's much-publicised memoir sold 467,183 copies in its first week

The ghostwriter of Prince Harry's memoir, Spare, has described finding himself at the centre of a media frenzy when the book came out in January.

Writing in the New Yorker magazine, JR Moehringer said he and his family were stalked and harassed by press.

But he also says the experience made him understand the Prince better.

In its first week, Spare became the fastest-selling non-fiction book in the UK since records began in 1998.

In the article, Moehringer describes how a paparazzi photographer tailed him as he drove his son to preschool shortly after the book's publication, leaving him and his wife feeling "fragile".

Later the same day, he says a newspaper journalist appeared at his window while he was working.

Moehringer says he and Harry worked on the memoir together for over two years. The writer describes long Zoom chats, messaging constantly and visiting Harry and his wife Meghan at their house in Montecito, California, as well as bonding with Harry over the loss of their mothers.

Moehringer is an experienced celebrity ghostwriter who has written memoirs for retired tennis star Andre Agassi and Nike co-founder Phil Knight. The author says he always insists on a clause in his contract giving him the right to remain anonymous but, ahead of Spare's publication, his name was leaked to the press.

He then found himself "squinting into a gigantic searchlight" of media attention, he says.

"Every hour, another piece would drop, each one wrong. My fee was wrong, my bio was wrong, even my name," he writes.

Moehringer said the experience made him realise he had "understood nothing" about how a life in the spotlight had affected Prince Harry - but said the Duke of Sussex was "all heart" and supported him throughout.

Some copies of Spare went on sale in Spain several days before the official publication date. Journalists hurried to translate some of the most striking passages from Spanish back into English, leading to what Moehringer says were "bad translations" that "read like bad Borat".

The author says a "frenzied mob" then ensued in the media when the book was published in English. He says the bad translations didn't stop as "innocent passages" were "hyped into outrages".

Prince Harry gave several TV interviews about his memoir, which included details of conflict with his father, King Charles III, and his brother, Prince William. Neither Kensington Palace not Buckingham Palace has ever commented on the contents of the book.

Last week, Prince Harry flew to the UK to attend King Charles' Coronation - the first time he was seen publicly with his family since his controversial memoir came out.

He flew back to Los Angeles immediately after the Coronation service ended.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Drone footage shows how historic bridge was taken apart and rebuilt

A historic bridge linking Scotland and England over the River Tweed has reopened after a £10.5m overhaul.

The complex project saw most of the 200-year-old Union Chain Bridge removed and restored, then put back in place.

The work fell behind schedule due to a "range of challenges" but has now been completed.

The bridge - which first opened in 1820 - crosses the river from Fishwick in the Scottish Borders to Horncliffe in Northumberland.

The reopening completes a long journey for the historic structure and brings to an end a 10-mile detour for local traffic.

A piper led the first crossing of the newly reopened bridge

A campaign was launched in 2012 to restore the bridge due to concerns over its condition.

It had been shut for almost a year in 2007 due to structural problems.

By 2017, it was hoped that it would cost £5.6m to upgrade the bridge in time to reopen in 2020.

However, the price steadily increased to more than £10m and it slipped behind the original timetable.

Martha Andrews said the bridge brought communities on both sides of the border together

Martha Andrews, a trustee of the Friends of the Union Chain Bridge, was among those delighted be able to cross the bridge once more.

"It is absolutely amazing to see the bridge open today, we have waited so long for this, we have campaigned so hard," she said.

"You don't realise how much you use it until it's not there so for the past two years we have being going round by Norham or round by Berwick instead of straight across the border, straight across the Tweed.

"It really brings the two communities together.

"We're going to be using it again and we are going to be using it every day and you'd be surprised if you stood here just how many cars go across it."

The bridge was the longest iron suspension bridge in the world when first opened

The Union Chain Bridge was built by retired naval captain Samuel Brown and completed in 1820.

It cost about £7,700 to construct and replaced a "perilous ford" slightly downstream.

Although work on Thomas Telford's Menai Bridge had started earlier, the Union Bridge was completed first - making it the longest iron suspension bridge in the world when it opened.

Hundreds of spectators, including civil engineers Robert Stevenson and John Rennie, turned out to see it open on 26 July.

Until the 1970s it existed with little maintenance, but the entire deck was replaced in 1974.

The bridge did not receive any major attention until structural issues started to emerge in recent years, leading to the £10.5m overhaul.

The overhaul has taken two-and-a-half years to complete

The restoration work began once a full funding package was in place in October 2020 in the hope that it would take about 15 months to complete.

Covid and the complexity of the project meant that it has taken about a year longer than was first intended.

Its completion means that pedestrians, cyclists and cars can once again cross from one country into another.

As well as securing the long-term future of the bridge, it is hoped that the structure can become an important visitor attraction.

Councils on both sides of the border and the National Lottery Heritage Fund helped fund the restoration.

Joe DiMauro of the Spencer Group said it had been a special project to work on

Joe DiMauro - engineering director of the Spencer Group, which worked on the scheme - said it had been a special project.

"It is a real honour to have been able to work on a 200-year-old suspension bridge like this," he said.

"It is not every day you get the chance to use your engineering judgement to come up with methodologies and sequences to be able to take down, refurbish and rebuild something like this.

"There are not many of these structures around in the world so having the opportunity to work on this is a privilege."

Northumberland County Council leader Glen Sanderson described it as a "fabulous moment" for everyone involved in a "hugely technical project".

"This bridge stands as a testament to partnership working and shows what can be achieved when everyone is pulling in the same direction," he said.

"It's a glorious structure and I'm sure will be a huge draw to tourists as well as providing a much-needed day-to-day connection for local communities on both sides of the border."

John Greenwell, of Scottish Borders Council, said "years of hard work" had gone into making the restoration possible.

"It's a symbolic link between England and Scotland which has now been protected for many generations to come and I am sure all those involved will feel an incredible sense of pride that this day has come," he added.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

A Sinn Féin MP has told an IRA commemoration that everyone has "the right to remember, and the right to commemorate".

John Finucane was the main speaker at what has been billed a "South Armagh Volunteers commemoration".

He said there was "nothing to celebrate in conflict", but commemoration was "a right which everyone is entitled to".

His involvement in the event was condemned by IRA victims, unionists and the Irish government.

Earlier on Sunday, Belfast East MP Gavin Robinson of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) said Mr Finucane was "a hypocrite" for taking part.

Mr Finucane told the event that truth and justice were "something which every person who has been impacted by our conflict deserves."

"For just as truth and justice applies equally to everyone, so too does the right to remember, and the right to commemorate," he said.

Mr Finucane's father, solicitor Pat Finucane, was shot dead by loyalist gunmen at his home in Belfast in 1989.

The Sinn Féin MP said he would defend commemorations by other groups - including loyalists - "without hesitation".

"There is nothing to celebrate in conflict, or in our difficult and painful past, but to commemorate those we have loved and lost is a right which everyone, including every single one of us gathered here today, is entitled to, and we do so with dignity and with pride," he said.

The event was held earlier in south Armagh

Speaking ahead of the event, Belfast East MP Mr Robinson said Mr Finucane had a few hours to decide if he wanted to "proceed with being a hypocrite on these issues or withdraw".

"You cannot burnish your credentials as a victim one day and then tarnish the memory of victims and their loved ones the next," he told the BBC's Sunday Politics programme.

But Mr Robinson, the newly-elected deputy leader of the DUP said victims were "hurt" by the prospect of Mr Finucane's attendance at the event in Mullaghbawn.

"This should not be happening," he said.

"When we consider the need to reconcile our communities that anybody, let alone a member of Parliament and a victim, would go to a family fun day to show respect for terrorists, shows just how shallow some of the commitments about an Ireland for all are, that have been shared with us over the previous number of weeks."

Gavin Robinson said victims of terrorism were "hurt" at the move

On Friday, a relative of one of the victims of an IRA bomb atrocity in Coleraine nearly 50 years ago criticised Mr Finucane's planned appearance.

Lesley Magee's grandmother, Nan Davis, was among six Protestants killed in the Coleraine attack on 12 June 1973.

"I don't think we should be commemorating terrorism on any level, whether it be Protestant, whether it be Catholic," she told BBC News NI.

"I have equal animosity towards both. I have no issue with anyone's religion, whether it be Protestant, Catholic, Judaism - whatever; I don't care.

"I don't think any MP should be at some kind of commemoration to celebrate a terrorist," she added.

Alliance Party assembly member Sorcha Eastwood said she was disappointed Mr Finucane took part in the event.

"There is a difference between remembering and paying tribute to individuals, and commemorating terrorist organisations, including the IRA and its South Armagh 'brigade', particularly without reference to its many victims," she said.

Ulster Unionist Party leader Doug Beattie said he thought the commemoration was "scandalous".

Tánaiste (Irish Deputy Prime Minister) Micheál Martin had urged Mr Finucane not to address the commemoration, saying any attempt to "celebrate or glorify horrible deeds from the past" was not the correct way forward.

But earlier in the week, Sinn Féin assembly member Conor Murphy dismissed the row as a diversionary tactic by the DUP.

"I think what we are in here is distraction politics," Mr Murphy said.

"The real issue is here is the fact that public services are crashing round our ears."

Former longtime BBC Radio 2 presenter Ken Bruce now appears on Greatest Hits Radio

Ken Bruce's Greatest Hits Radio show is being investigated by Ofcom over the station's campaign calling for offenders to be prevented from refusing to attend sentencing hearings.

The broadcasting watchdog said on Monday it would look at whether the station had complied with rules around impartiality and accuracy.

This year's Face the Family petition has been made directly to Parliament.

It was mentioned by a newsreader on Bruce's show on 13 April.

The broadcast also included clips in support of the campaign which directed listeners to a website.

The petition, signed by more than 13,000 people, was broadcast more than 30 times on the station, calling for new laws to "require offenders to be in court for sentencing, to give victims and their families every chance to witness justice be delivered".

It was explained that this could involve court and prison staff being "given powers to use reasonable force to get offenders into the dock - as they do to transfer them from a court to prison."

Ofcom's spokesperson said the watchdog "does not seek to question the merits" of the campaign, which was broadcast more than 30 times on the radio station.

But they also noted how broadcasters are excluded from expressing views on "political and industrial controversy or current public policy".

A Bauer spokesperson said: "We are working with Ofcom to better understand the investigation into the Face the Family campaign, which ran in news bulletins in two local areas of the UK.

"The series is the latest in our tradition of local campaign journalism, which helps people who feel unheard have a voice. We are confident in our journalism and are committed to helping Ofcom with its investigation."

Justice Secretary Alex Chalk this month said he was committed to proposals to introduce legislation so that convicted criminals would have to appear in court for their sentencing.

Speaking to ITV News, he said he was "looking at what levers are open to us - whether you're talking about physically forcing people to court, or giving people an additional sentence as a result. We are looking very hard at this."

It comes after the killer of Zara Aleena in east London, Jordan McSweeney, refused to attend his sentencing, something her family described as "a slap in the face".

Thomas Cashman would not face the family of nine-year-old Olivia Pratt-Korbel either, as he was jailed for life for her murder in Liverpool.

The historic criminal indictment against former US President Donald Trump has sparked another partisan flashpoint in an already deeply polarised nation.

Ahead of his court appearance next Tuesday, voters have been sharing with the BBC their strongly felt reactions to the first prosecution of a former president.

Whatever their political affiliation, most of our voter panel agreed that the unprecedented case leaves the US in uncharted waters.

This is an excellent example of the politicisation of the judiciary. It's a huge mistake. Banana republic style vindictiveness. It's, in my opinion, totally undermining our rule of law and sets the US up for real trouble ahead. It's a huge mess and completely destructive.

This action taken by the New York district attorney destroys any respect for the rule of law that many in the public had. It does not inspire trust or confidence in our system. It is very worrisome.

Again, can't stress it enough - it's a huge mistake and the ramifications are going to be deep and far reaching. I worry for the times ahead in our country. We're heading into turbulent times and our institutions and customs will be tested like we've never seen before. I hope our republic can survive - all because of a vindictive and petty, hypocritical step by a 'smallish' prosecutor in New York.

This is one of many things that he should be charged with, and more presidents should be charged with more wrongdoing than just Trump.

I think that denying prosecution of a public or political figure is itself an inherently political move. Presidents should absolutely be held to the same - or higher standards - of public scrutiny and lawful consequences.

He should absolutely face prosecution. I genuinely think that the battle lines in the country have already been drawn. I think that people have made up their minds about Trump. They love him or hate him and I don't see that changing.

I feel they want to put a 'stain' on Donald Trump's character - as no other president has been criminally charged in our US history.

I am surprised that they actually indicted him. This looks very bad for our country and for Trump to run in 2024. The news will focus on this more than anything that Trump has accomplished, and it will have a negative impact on Trump's run for 2024.

I'm saddened to see this happen and do not agree with the Manhattan jury. I hope Trump can pick a good running mate - he is going to need it.

These are indeed uncharted times we are embarking on. Living in the New York area, we are a bit on guard but overall I believe these growing pains are necessary for us as a country to affirm who we are - a country where no-one is above the law.

It's hard to find a person who believes the former president didn't break laws, they simply debate whether he should be charged, which in itself says a lot about the vulnerability of our democracy right now.

For me, it's a naked and blatantly gross breach of responsibility by the Manhattan district attorney that goes beyond anything I've ever witnessed in my life. It is an embarrassment that in this country, things have gotten to the point where an extreme stretch in interpretation of the law could be used in an attempt to take out a political opponent.

This is the stuff of banana republics and countries that have been or are under the control of dictatorial power. Moreover, I think the Manhattan district attorney, with all that is on his plate with regards to crime in his jurisdiction, is so out of touch to want to go after a former president instead of focusing on the immediate needs of his electorate.

I predict this will come back to haunt Biden in the 2024 election cycle that is just now getting underway - look for Republicans to pull all the stops going after the president and his son in their investigations.

I'm glad that the law applies to everyone. I look forward to him having to answer for himself and let a jury decide. I'm comfortable letting the system do it's job.

I'm also really sad that this day has come to the US. The fact that this took a long time to happen is good - this wasn't some rush to achieve a pre-defined objective. I'm also hoping Trump is healthy at least long enough to see this to its conclusion.

I also think that if Trump could watch Michael Cohen get convicted for campaign finance crimes he committed for him, it will likely make it easier to prove that there was in fact a federal crime connected to the money. I'm sure Cohen will feel vindicated.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

A man has been arrested after one person was left in a life-threatening condition and another was injured in a stabbing attack at a London hospital.

Police said the man arrested at Central Middlesex Hospital in Park Royal also sustained "self-inflicted" injuries.

The hospital was temporarily locked down but has since reopened with a heightened police presence.

One witness described how patients and visitors were locked in a nurses' room while police dealt with the incident.

Staff were evacuated from the hospital building, where officers will remain as searches are carried out.

The Met Police said it was satisfied no-one else was being sought and that the stabbings were not being treated as terror-related.

The attack was reported at about 13:20 BST. Paramedics said they treated three people at the scene.

Jamie Hogg, a contractor who saw the incident unfold, said he and his colleagues were visiting the hospital to carry out work and he saw police "just swarming in".

Staff waited outside the hospital after being evacuated from the building

"It was armed police, one after another, one after another, and they just sprinted straight into the hospital," he said.

"I've never seen anything like this before in my life, I thought it was crazy. It's quite hard to believe."

He described the incident as "scary", continuing: "It could have been any of us. I don't know what were the reasons that drove him to that."

Amie Ferris-Rotman, who was visiting the hospital dialysis unit with her father, told Sky News police checked the area where they were, before locking them in a nurses' room for about 45 minutes.

She said: "All the dialysis patients were quite freaked out."

"And at one point those who were about to go on to dialysis were put in wheelchairs and brought into a room, which is where we were as well, and they were locked in."

Detectives have been carrying bags of evidence out of the hospital, including a clear bag containing what appeared to be clothing.

Three unmarked police cars, identifiable by the logbooks on their dashboards, remain in the car park of the hospital.

Armed police are responding an incident at Central Middlesex Hospital in London

The London North West University Healthcare NHS Trust, which runs the hospital, said the building was locked down as a "precautionary measure".

In a tweet, the trust said: "While our clinics are reopening, we may need to reschedule your appointment if we can't see you today."

The Labour MP for Brent Central, Dawn Butler, told BBC Radio London: "The police have the situation very much under control.

"They have arrested somebody and I think the situation should be a lot calmer now.

"It's quite reassuring that the police are not at this stage looking for anybody else, and they have the whole situation in hand."

She added: "That additional stress when you're in hospital isn't very good, so I'm grateful the police acted really quickly and got this under control as quickly as they did."

London Ambulance Service said it had sent an incident response officer, an advanced paramedic, an ambulance crew and a medic in a fast-response car, as well as a hazardous area response team and the air ambulance.

Sign up for our UK morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Edi Villalobos escaped from an Oregon courtroom during jury selection for his upcoming trial.

In accordance with Oregon law, all of the suspect’s restraints, such as handcuffs and leg shackles, were removed while in the courtroom for the trial.

Former FAW President Phil Pritchard is one of the members currently serving a suspension

Three male members of the Football Association of Wales (FAW) have been suspended in the past 10 months after allegations of inappropriate behaviour.

They were suspended from the FAW council, which is made up of 36 members representing local clubs, leagues and area associations across Wales.

The allegations include misogyny and sexism, breaching confidence and mocking political correctness publicly.

The FAW said it took a "robust approach" to sanctions.

The findings by the Newyddion S4C programme come at a time when sport in Wales is under scrutiny after allegations of sexism and misogyny within the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) were revealed by the BBC Wales investigates programme.

The FAW referred two of the disciplinary cases to independent arbitrators Sport Resolutions, with the other matter dealt with internally by the FAW as it was considered less serious in nature.

Former FAW President Phil Pritchard is one of the men currently serving a suspension for comments made at a pre-match dinner deemed misogynistic and sexist.

Mr Pritchard says he admitted fault due to the cost of legal fees

When asked for a response to the allegation, he lashed out at his suspension.

He denied making any sexist remarks, but claimed he pleaded guilty because paying for representation at the independent tribunal "would have cost £12,000 in legal costs".

Mr Pritchard added: "There is always a happy atmosphere at pre-match events, with plenty of banter."

He explained "the last thing he wanted to do" was upset anybody, adding he was "having a laugh and a joke when this young lady walked in and must have mistaken something".

"There were witnesses within 1ft [of me] on my table who said it didn't happen," he said.

"The only reason I said I did it was because it would have cost me a lot otherwise."

Life councillor Ron Bridges is also currently serving a long suspension for a breach of confidence. His case was also referred to Sport Resolutions.

When contacted, Mr Bridges admitted his transgression and said he had passed on embargoed team information to his son, who posted it on a popular Facebook group.

"I can't complain about the suspension or the way it was handled," said Mr Bridges.

"I broke the rules and pleaded guilty and so I'm suspended as an FAW council member, but still active in the game."

South Wales representative Huw Jones has served his suspension and now resumed his role.

Newyddion S4C has learned that his suspension, which was deemed less serious and therefore dealt with internally by the association, related to a social media post referencing a chant about former Wales international Nathan Blake.

Mr Jones was found to have used pronouns inappropriately in an attempted joke about political correctness, which was deemed unacceptable.

Mr Jones has also been asked to respond.

An FAW statement added: "Whilst we cannot comment on individual cases, the Football Association of Wales takes all disciplinary matters extremely seriously in relation to council members.

"We have processes and procedures set out within our rules and regulations, which govern how such matters must be dealt with.

"Depending on the nature of the alleged offence, it is either dealt with by an internal disciplinary procedure, or for more serious matters by an independent arbitration panel."

Last year, FAW chief executive Noel Mooney had said: "Ensuring that football in Wales is equal, diverse and inclusive for everyone is a priority for us at the Football Association of Wales."

Elections to the FAW council are due to take place this summer.

US President Joe Biden has praised Northern Ireland's young people, saying they are at the "cutting edge" of its future during his visit to Belfast.

Earlier he met Prime Minister Rishi Sunak before briefly speaking to some of Stormont's political party leaders.

He is on a four-day visit to Ireland to mark 25 years since the Good Friday peace agreement, which ended decades of violent conflict in Northern Ireland.

He hailed the "tremendous progress" since the deal was signed in 1998.

"This place is transformed by peace; made technicolour by peace; made whole by peace," he said.

He hailed Northern Ireland as a "churn of creativity", having produced some of the world's most popular films and TV series over the past decade, and said that major economic opportunities for the region were "just beginning".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: James Martin, star of Oscar-winning Northern Ireland film An Irish Goodbye, is mentioned in Joe Biden's speech

President Biden was speaking as he opened the new Ulster University campus in Belfast, his only official engagement in Northern Ireland.

His visit comes at a time when Northern Ireland's power-sharing government at Stormont is not functioning.

It collapsed last year when the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) - one of the biggest parties - pulled out as part of a protest against post-Brexit trade rules for Northern Ireland.

Mr Biden urged politicians to make a return to governing but praised them for their unity after the attempted murder of one of Northern Ireland's top detectives in February.

John Caldwell was shot several times by two gunmen in Omagh, County Tyrone.

During his speech, the president said: "Northern Ireland will not go back [to violence]."

Mr Sunak visited Mr Caldwell and his family at a hospital on Wednesday afternoon.

Before briefly meeting the political leaders, Mr Biden was asked what he would say to them - he answered: "I'm going to listen."

After leaving Belfast early on Wednesday afternoon, he flew on Air Force One the Republic of Ireland where he is continuing his tour of the island.

He is to due to meet the Irish President Michael D Higgins and speak to politicians at the Oireachtas (Irish parliament) on Thursday and will meet some of his Irish relatives in County Mayo on Friday.

His sister Valerie and his son Hunter have joined him for the Ireland trip.

President Biden managed to deliver a speech that hit all the right notes with the invited audience.

As he left the stage he was swamped by people armed with their phones for a selfie.

His speech was pitched at reminding people what is at stake - peace, said Mr Biden, cannot be taken for granted.

He reminded those in the room about the risks taken 25 years ago by the architects of the Good Friday Agreement.

Democracy in Northern Ireland needs champions now to do the same, he added.

While he didn't namecheck the DUP it was clear to whom he was directing those comments about getting Stormont back up and running.

Before Mr Biden's address in Belfast, US Special Envoy Joe Kennedy spoke about the significance of American investment in Northern Ireland.

"Some of the biggest companies in the world have set up shop here and now entrepreneurs with dreams to outcompete them are following," he said.

"I look forward to drawing on your energy and your ideas and to making sure that we bring prosperity to all corners of Northern Ireland."

After listening to Mr Biden's speech at the university, Michelle O'Neill, the vice-president of Sinn Féin, the largest party at Stormont, said the message was "one of hope and opportunity".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson said he did not get a sense that the president was urging his party to do more to restore power-sharing during their brief private discussion.

"Like all of us, he wants to see the political institutions up and running again but we are very clear that can only happen when we have got the solid foundations that we need," he added.

Alliance Party leader Naomi Long described President Biden's speech as "positive, balanced, optimistic and hopeful for the future".

Doug Beattie, the Ulster Unionist Party leader, said the meeting with Mr Biden was a fleeting "grip and grin" engagement.

SDLP leader Colum Eastwood described his conversation with the president as "positive".

Mr Biden arrived in Belfast city centre on Tuesday night, having been greeted by Mr Sunak as he stepped off Air Force One at Belfast International Airport.

Rishi Sunak and Joe Biden met on the 23rd floor of the Grand Central Hotel on Wednesday morning

The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) said the huge security plan put in place for the presidential visit was its biggest for years.

Some 2,900 officers were deployed as part of the £7m operation.

But the PSNI is investigating a security breach after a document that appears to give details of the operation was found on a street in the city by a member of the public.

BBC Radio Ulster's The Nolan Show was shown the document, which is marked: "PSNI and sensitive."

It names police officers who were in charge of the area around the hotel in which Mr Biden had stayed.

"We take the safety of visiting dignitaries, members of the public and our officers and staff extremely seriously," said the PSNI.

Joe Biden is visiting the locations marked on this map during his four days in Ireland

Declan Harvey and Tara Mills explore the text of the Good Friday Agreement - the deal which heralded the end of the Troubles in Northern Ireland.

They look at what the agreement actually said and hear from some of the people who helped get the deal across the line.

Listen to all episodes of Year '98: The Making of the Good Friday Agreement on BBC Sounds.

Fans, and their dogs, have lined the streets of Aldington in Kent for the funeral of TV personality Paul O'Grady.

One of his dogs was at the head of the procession, being held by O'Grady's husband Andre Portasio, as they travelled to the service on a horse-drawn carriage.

The funeral was attended by Rolling Stones guitarist Ronnie Wood, actress Dame Sheila Hancock and comics Alan Carr and Jo Brand.

A BBC presenter has been accused of paying a teenager for sexually explicit photographs, beginning when they were 17, according to The Sun.

The newspaper reported that the unnamed male presenter had paid the alleged victim tens of thousands of pounds.

It is understood that the BBC is looking into the allegations, and that the star is currently not scheduled to be on air in the coming days.

The Sun said the young person's family complained to the BBC on 19 May.

The family is reported to have become frustrated that the star remained on air and approached the newspaper, but said they wanted no payment for the story.

The mother told the paper that the anonymous individual, now aged 20, had used the money from the presenter to fund a crack cocaine habit.

She described to the paper how her child had gone from a "happy-go-lucky youngster to a ghost-like crack addict" in three years.

Following the reports, several high-profile BBC presenters have taken to social media to deny they are the presenter in question.

Broadcaster Rylan Clark tweeted on Saturday that he was not the presenter, saying "that ain't me babe" and adding that he is filming in Italy for a BBC programme.

Separately BBC Radio 2 presenter Jeremy Vine has also distanced himself from the Sun story, saying the allegations are not about him.

He tweeted: "Just to say I'm very much looking forward to hosting my radio show on Monday — whoever the 'BBC Presenter' in the news is, I have the same message for you as Rylan did earlier: it certainly ain't me."

Match of the Day presenter Gary Lineker did not mention the allegations specifically, but writing on Twitter later on Saturday evening he said: "Hate to disappoint the haters but it's not me."

Nicky Campbell tweeted that he has reported an anonymous Twitter account to the police over a post claiming he was the presenter.

"I think it's important to take a stand. There's just too many of these people on social media. Thanks for your support friends," he said.

The corporation said the information would be "acted upon appropriately".

A BBC spokesperson said: "We treat any allegations very seriously and we have processes in place to proactively deal with them.

"As part of that, if we receive information that requires further investigation or examination we will take steps to do this. That includes actively attempting to speak to those who have contacted us in order to seek further detail and understanding of the situation.

"If we get no reply to our attempts or receive no further contact that can limit our ability to progress things but it does not mean our enquiries stop.

"If, at any point, new information comes to light or is provided - including via newspapers - this will be acted upon appropriately, in line with internal processes."

BBC's culture editor Katie Razzall said many questions remain unanswered, including how the corporation has investigated the family's complaint and if it was appropriate for the presenter, who has not been named, to stay on air after a serious allegation was made.

The BBC's statement appears to suggest its initial investigation may have been hampered by a lack of response from the family, she said.

This allegation, if proven, would mean the career of a high-profile BBC presenter is likely to be over.

CCTV shows the moment a ceiling panel came crashing down, nearly hitting a commuter at a subway station in Cambridge, Massachusetts.

The Massachusetts Department of Transportation (MBTA) said the panel was installed in the 1980s, and weighed about 11kg (25 lbs) because of moisture build-up.

No injuries were reported, and the MBTA said it had now removed any other panels from the station that posed an immediate safety concern. It also announced it would carry out inspections on panels in all of its stations.

Belarus's authoritarian leader says it is "absolutely possible" his forces helped migrants cross into Poland but denies they were invited.

Alexander Lukashenko has been accused by the EU of orchestrating the border crisis with Poland, Lithuania and Latvia in recent months in retaliation for sanctions imposed on Belarus for its brutal crackdown on opponents who took part in mass protests after the August 2020 election.

Watch highlights of the exclusive interview with the BBC’s Steve Rosenberg.

Many Ukrainians - like these people in Kyiv's underground - celebrated last Christmas in shelters amid continuing Russian attacks

Ukraine has moved its official Christmas Day state holiday from 7 January to 25 December, the latest move aimed at distancing itself from Russia.

President Volodymyr Zelensky signed into law a parliamentary bill that aimed to "abandon the Russian heritage of imposing Christmas celebrations".

In recent years, Kyiv has been cutting religious, cultural and other ties with Russia, aligning itself with the West.

This process escalated following Russia's full-scale invasion in 2022.

Mr Zelensky signed the bill on Friday - two weeks after it had been passed by Ukrainian lawmakers.

The legislation also moves another two state holidays, Day of Ukrainian Statehood, from 28 July to 15 July, and the Defenders' Day, which commemorates armed forces veterans, from 14 October to 1 October.

Moscow has so far made no public comments on the issue.

For centuries, first imperial Russia and then the Moscow-dominated Soviet Union had tried - but always failed - to totally control Ukraine.

This included the imposed authority of the Russian Orthodox Church (ROC) over Ukraine's churches.

But in 2019, the recently formed Orthodox Church of Ukraine (OCU) was granted independence by Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew, the spiritual leader of Orthodox Christians worldwide.

The move provoked a furious response in the ROC, which is openly defending President Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine.

Until this year, the OCU - like several other Orthodox churches, including the ROC - celebrated Christmas Day on 7 January, in line with the Julian calendar.

But the OCU has now officially switched to the more-precise Gregorian calendar used in most parts of the world.

In recent years many Ukrainian worshippers have been joining the OCU, and the majority of them are now likely to be celebrating Christmas on 25 December.

There will also be those marking Christmas twice.

At the same time, millions still follow the Ukrainian Orthodox Church (UOC), the other established branch with parishes all over the country.

The UOC has not commented on the latest developments.

It officially declared a split from Moscow in 2022 - but a number of its clerics have recently been prosecuted for pro-Russian activities.

The UOC says there is no evidence to support the charges of collaboration.

The Motherland Monument in Kyiv - one of the world's tallest statues - will be stripped of its Soviet emblem, and Ukraine's coat of arms, the Trident, will replace it

Ukraine's decision to move Christmas is the latest step by the country to distance itself from its north-eastern neighbour.

Cities and villages all over Ukraine have recently seen renaming of their streets linked to Russian and Soviet historical figures.

Similarly, a number of monuments have been taken down, and Russian films made after 2014 banned in Ukraine.

Those measures followed Russia's illegal annexation of Ukraine's southern Crimea peninsula in March 2014.

An Indiana state trooper unknowingly pulled over the Idaho murders suspect in a traffic stop, only to let him off with a verbal warning.

Bryan Kohberger, 28, was pulled over twice on 15 December for following other vehicles too closely in his white Hyundai Elantra.

He was arrested last Friday on suspicion of killing four students while they slept.

Marelle Sturrock's partner David Yates was being hunted by police in connection with her murder

Police investigating the murder of a pregnant teacher say a body found in a reservoir has been formally identified as her fiancé, David Yates.

Ms Sturrock, 35, was found dead at her home in Glasgow on Tuesday. Police were hunting for Mr Yates, 36, at Mugdock Country Park near Glasgow.

The police watchdog Pirc said it would launch an investigation into her death.

Police Scotland said no-one else is believed to be involved. Mr Yates' death is not considered suspicious.

Officers said they would continue to provide specialist support to both families.

Ms Sturrock, who was 29 weeks pregnant, taught at Sandwood Primary School in the city.

Officers attended her home on Jura Street at about 08:40 on Tuesday, where she was pronounced dead at the scene. Her unborn child did not survive.

The body of Mr Yates was found in Mugdock Reservoir near Glasgow

The Police Investigations and Review Commissioner (Pirc) said the Crown Office had instructed them to launch an investigation into the death.

Pirc has not clarified what it is investigating.

The watchdog can investigate serious incidents involving the police, including the death or injury of a person following contact with officers.

A spokesperson said: "Once our inquiries are complete a report will be submitted to the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service."

Police Scotland has not confirmed how Ms Sturrock died.

Ms Sturrock had been due to give birth in the summer

On Tuesday, a search was launched to find her missing partner Mr Yates, with officers later confirming they were investigating a murder.

His car was found in a car park at Mugdock Country Park, prompting an extensive police search in the area.

His body was found in Mugdock reservoir on Thursday.

Originally from Wick in the Highlands, Ms Sturrock moved to Glasgow aged 17 to study musical theatre and later became a teacher.

Sandwood Primary School said she was a "beloved" member of staff.

It said pupils, staff and families had been offered support from educational psychologists.

Police Scotland said reports would be submitted to the Procurator Fiscal in due course.

Kylie Minogue is going to Las Vegas.

The hugely popular singer has announced her first exclusive residency in Sin City, following in the footsteps of Adele and Celine Dion.

The 55-year-old has not toured in North America since 2011, so her shows at the Voltaire nightclub at The Venetian in Las Vegas will be a major US return.

Minogue has promised extravagant costumes and dances, saying that at this point in her career she has "earned the right to" play Las Vegas.

"I've performed a couple of times at Vegas, but as part of a tour, and particularly when I did the Showgirl tour in 2004 - at that time we said, 'oh, this feels like a Vegas show', the Australian pop star said at a Los Angeles news conference.

Her later Aphrodite tour had featured "so many waterworks in like precision fountains," she continued. "My team at the time kept saying, 'Why isn't this in Vegas? We've got to do it at some point.'"

The show promises to be one of its kind for Vegas: based in a smaller venue that allows Minogue to give guests and fans a more personal show.

"I want it to be the kind of essence of what a Kylie show has become, enough glamour and abandon. I've got some versions of songs that have not been heard, like reinterpretations of songs, which is exciting. Live bed dances, amazing costumes.

"That's the base and then we'll see what surprises we can come up with," she revealed.

And it's finally something she can check off her career bucket list.

"I was thinking years ago I want to do it when I'm younger like, I don't want to do it when I'm at the sunset of my career. So, I think I've got it right somewhere in the middle where I feel like I've earned the right to and have the experience to really enjoy being there."

She will perform tracks from her forthcoming album Tension, alongside many of her greatest hits including Can't Get You Out Of My Head and All The Lovers.

Dubbed the Princess of Pop, Minogue has sold over 80 million records worldwide, won a Grammy and three Brit Awards.

She recently scored her biggest solo hit in more than a decade with the song Padam Padam.

It's the star's first song to break into the UK top 10 since All The Lovers peaked at number three in 2010.

That means Kylie is one of only four women to reach the UK's top 10 in five separate decades, alongside Cher, Lulu and Diana Ross.

For the past 20 years, Minogue has sold out stadiums across Europe, Asia, and Australia, but has a more modest following in the US.

But this residency could bring unprecedented success for the pop singer in America.

In a previous interview with top reality host Andy Cohen, she said she was thrilled that her recent single was doing so well in the States.

"It feels good, 'cuz as we know it's not my main market," Minogue said. "But I would love it if it was to become one of them. I think 'Padam' has really given me a chance to reach everyone."

Minogue's Vegas residency will begin on 3 November 2023 and is expected to include about a dozen shows. Tickets go on sale on 9 August.

While Minogue hopes that the show will bring international visitors, UK fans unable to make the trip across the pond will be able to see her in 2024 when she embarks on her arena Tension tour.

The pop star also headlines Radio 2 in the Park in Leicester this September.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. From 2020 - Pop royalty Kylie Minogue says lockdown was a "weird time" and a "rollercoaster"

Dr Stephen Brearey says he escalated concerns to senior management about nurse Lucy Letby

A doctor asked for nurse Lucy Letby to be taken off shift after raising repeated concerns about her presence and the deaths of babies - but was told "no", a court has heard.

The nurse denies murdering seven babies and the attempted murder of 10 others at Countess of Chester Hospital.

Dr Stephen Brearey told Manchester Crown Court he "didn't want nurse Letby to come back to work" until concerns had been "investigated properly".

Dr Brearey, who was head of the hospital's neonatal unit, asked for Ms Letby to be stood down after the deaths of two baby boys, who were part of a set of triplets, in June 2016.

The court has previously heard that the first boy, referred to as Child O, was in good condition and stable up until the afternoon of 23 June when he suffered a "remarkable deterioration" and died.

His brother, Child P, died just over 24 hours later after also being attacked by Ms Letby, it is alleged.

The prosecution claims Ms Letby murdered the boys by injecting air into their bloodstreams.

Dr Brearey told the court that the death of the brothers was "distressing for those involved and deeply so with me".

He said: "All three triplets were born in such good condition, they were following a healthy path to growing and developing and hopefully going home."

Dr Brearey told jurors that Child O's collapse had come "out of the blue" and observed that in the hours before his death there had been an "unusual" rash on his chest. He said this was something he had not "seen before or since".

Lucy Letby is accused of carrying out the attacks at Countess of Chester Hospital

Following Child P's death on 24 June, there was a debrief for the medical team on the neonatal unit.

"Ms Letby was present in that debrief. I asked her how she was feeling and I can remember suggesting to her she needed the weekend off to recover," the doctor said.

"She didn't seem overly upset to me in the debrief and told me at the time she was on shift next day, which was a Saturday."

The doctor said he had been "concerned" about Ms Letby going back on shift because he had "already expressed concerns to senior management over the association between nurse Letby and the deaths we'd seen on the unit".

Dr Brearey said he had called Karen Rees, the duty executive senior nurse, to report his concerns, explaining that he "didn't want nurse Letby to come back to work the following day or until all this was investigated properly".

Dr Brearey said Ms Rees had "said no", telling him "there was no evidence" for his claims.

He told the court he had asked Ms Rees if she was "happy to take responsibility for the decision, in view of the fact myself and consultant colleagues wouldn't be happy with nurse Letby going to work the following day".

Ms Rees responded "yes", the medic said.

Dr Brearey told the court that "further conversations" had taken place the following week and the decision had been taken to remove Ms Letby from frontline nursing duties - placing her in a clerical role instead.

Ben Myers KC, defending, noted that Dr Brearey had first "identified" Ms Letby as someone of interest as early as June 2015 after the death of the first three babies in the case.

Dr Brearey had noted, with colleagues, that Ms Letby was present when those three children died in 2015.

Mr Myers put it to the doctor that he was guilty of "confirmation bias" towards Ms Letby and had failed to look at "suboptimal care" given to the children in this case.

Mr Myers put it to Dr Brearey that if there had been a basis for his suspicions he would have gone to the police.

Dr Brearey said he and his colleagues had been trying to "escalate appropriately" and had needed "executive support" to decide the "correct plan of action going forward".

The doctor added: "It's not something anyone wanted to consider, that a member of staff is harming babies.

"The senior nursing staff on the unit didn't believe this could be true."

He said with every "unusual" episode of baby collapse between June 2015 and June 2016 there had been "increasing suspicion" about Ms Letby, which led him to eventually escalate his concerns and request she be taken off shift.

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Mr Beattie was reappointed as the SNP's treasurer in 2021 after previously having held the role for 16 years

The Scottish Conservatives say the SNP is in "total meltdown" after treasurer Colin Beattie was arrested by police investigating the party's finances.

The 71-year-old has been taken into custody and is being questioned by Police Scotland detectives.

First Minister Humza Yousaf said Mr Beattie's arrest was "clearly a very serious matter indeed".

But he added that the MSP had not been suspended from the party as "people are innocent until proven guilty".

Mr Beattie's arrest was announced just hours before Mr Yousaf set out his government's priorities for the next three years.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Speaking in the Scottish Parliament, the Scottish Conservatives' deputy leader Meghan Gallacher said the SNP was "in total meltdown".

She urged the first minister to suspend his predecessor, Nicola Sturgeon, and her husband, former SNP chief executive Peter Murrell, from the party. Her calls were rejected by Mr Yousaf.

Mr Murrell was arrested two weeks ago, before being released without charge pending further investigation.

Police Scotland launched its Operation Branchform investigation into the SNP's finances in July 2021 after receiving complaints about how donations were used.

The SNP raised £666,953 through referendum-related appeals between 2017 and 2020 with a pledge to spend these funds on the independence campaign.

Questions were raised after its accounts showed it had just under £97,000 in the bank at the end of 2019, and total net assets of about £272,000.

Officers involved in the investigation spent two days searching the Glasgow home of Mr Murrell and Ms Sturgeon, and the party's headquarters in Edinburgh earlier this month.

A luxury motorhome was seized by officers from outside a property in Dunfermline on the same morning that Mr Murrell was arrested.

The Mail on Sunday reported that the vehicle had been parked outside the home of Mr Murrell's 92-year-old mother since January 2021.

Police spent two days searching the home of Nicola Sturgeon and Peter Murrell earlier this month

Mr Beattie is the MSP for the Midlothian North and Musselburgh constituency and is a former international banker.

He was arrested at his home in Dalkeith, near Edinburgh, at about 08:00 on Tuesday morning.

The Sunday Times reported at the weekend that he had told the party's ruling national executive committee (NEC) that the SNP was struggling to balance its books due to a drop in member numbers and donors.

Mr Beattie served as the SNP's treasurer for 16 years before being defeated in an internal election by Douglas Chapman in 2020, but returned to the role when Mr Chapman resigned a year later.

Mr Chapman quit after saying he had "not received the support or financial information" that was needed to carry out his duties as treasurer.

Mr Yousaf has rejected calls for Mr Murrell and Ms Sturgeon to be suspended from the party, amid speculation that she may be preparing to quit as an MSP.

The former first minister has already confirmed she will not be attending the Scottish Parliament in person this week.

Mr Yousaf was seen as the "continuity candidate" during the leadership contest, and was the preferred candidate of the party hierarchy - including Ms Sturgeon.

He had hoped his speech on Tuesday would allow him to set out a "fresh vision" for his government after a tumultuous three weeks in his new job.

Speaking to journalists ahead of his statement, Mr Yousaf said Mr Beattie's arrest was "clearly a very serious matter indeed" but he had not been suspended from the party as "people are innocent until proven guilty".

The first minister said he believed Mr Beattie was still being questioned at a police station, but said he would speak to him afterwards about his membership of the parliament's public audit committee and his role as party treasurer.

Mr Yousaf admitted that the timing of the arrest was "not ideal" in terms of his Holyrood speech but said he did not believe the party was operating in a criminal way.

He added: "We instructed a review into transparency and good governance and of course with the issue around financial oversight, and I want some external input into that.

"So there is change that is needed within how the party is operated and I have made that absolutely clear."

Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said the SNP is in a "real mess", adding: "After 16 years in power, it has descended to this and those being let down are Scottish voters who are entitled to better than this".

Last year it emerged Mr Murrell gave a loan of more than £100,000 to the SNP to help it out with a "cash flow" issue after the last election.

The SNP had repaid about half of the money by October of that year.

Humza Yousaf had hoped to use today as a "reset".

The new first minister wants to talk about policies rather than the police, and is due to make a speech at Holyrood setting out his plans for government.

But there looks set to be an empty space on the back benches, as one of his MSPs - Colin Beattie - is questioned by detectives about his party's finances.

Mr Yousaf will inevitably be confronted by reporters with further questions about what is going on.

There is unlikely to be much he or indeed anyone else could actually say at this point, given there is a live investigation in progress.

But the very fact of it rumbling on in the background will inevitably cast a shadow over his big set-piece speech.

On Sunday, leaked video footage emerged that showed Ms Sturgeon playing down fears about the party's finances.

The footage, published by the Sunday Mail, is said to be from a virtual meeting of the party's ruling body in March 2021.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Nicola Sturgeon told the SNP's ruling body in 2021 that the party's finances had "never been stronger"

Ms Sturgeon told NEC members the party's finances had never been stronger and warned of the impact of going public with concerns.

The SNP's former Westminster leader, Ian Blackford, insisted that there was "nothing untoward" in the clip and claimed that the party's finances are in "robust health".

The party's auditors, Johnston Carmichael, quit in September - although Mr Yousaf has said he only found out about it after he won the leadership contest six months later.

The SNP has so far failed to find another auditor, and is facing a race against time to file its accounts by the Electoral Commission deadline in July.

An SNP spokesman said "We have no comment on a live police investigation."

An investigation into sexual misconduct at one of Britain's biggest business lobby groups has been widened after new allegations have emerged.

The Confederation of British Industry is at the centre of claims published by the Guardian, detailing alleged misconduct by individuals.

"The CBI has treated and continues to treat all matters of workplace conduct with the utmost seriousness," it said.

"Which is why last month, we commissioned a thorough investigation by an independent law firm into all recent allegations that have been put to us."

The most serious allegation relates to a woman who claims she was raped by a senior colleague at a CBI summer boat party in 2019.

The woman told the Guardian she felt let down by a CBI manager who, she claims, advised her to seek out counselling rather than pursue the matter further.

Regarding this allegation, a CBI spokesperson said: "We have found no evidence or record of this matter. Given the seriousness of the issue, it is part of the independent investigation being conducted by Fox Williams."

In relation to other allegations of sexual misconduct made by women against figures at the CBI, a spokesman for the lobby group added: "It would undermine this important process and be damaging and prejudicial to all the individuals involved to comment on these allegations at this point.

"We will not hesitate to take any necessary action when the investigation concludes."

Since the beginning of March, Fox Williams has been investigating separate allegations made against Tony Danker, the CBI's director general who has since stepped aside and "apologised profusely". It is understood that the new claims published in the Guardian do not relate to Mr Danker who became director-general in late 2020.

Since the allegations have emerged, Fox Williams' investigation has now been widened.

The CBI lobbies on behalf of around 190,000 businesses that employ millions of people.

If you have been affected by any issues raised in this article, help and support can be found at BBC Action Line.

Have you been affected by the issues discussed in this story? Please share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Royalist and republican protesters gathered on the Royal Mile

Protesters chanting "not my king" gathered in Edinburgh ahead of King Charles' thanksgiving service.

Republican as well as royalist activists lined the Royal Mile where the King's cavalcade passed on the way to St Giles' Cathedral.

Another anti-monarchy group hosted a rally outside Holyrood, which was attended by Greens co-leaders Patrick Harvie and Lorna Slater.

Police Scotland later confirmed four people had been arrested.

They included two women, aged 20 and 21, who were arrested for breach of the peace after allegedly attempting to climb over a crowd safety barrier on the Royal Mile.

The force said one man was also arrested for theft, while another was arrested in connection with an outstanding warrant.

Three men and one woman were initially arrested for alleged threatening behaviour and failing to desist, but this was later changed to a recorded police warning.

Blacked-out barriers which are about 6ft (72in) in height were erected outside St Giles' where the service took place.

During the thanksgiving ceremony the King was presented with the Scottish crown jewels to mark his Coronation.

Black screens have been installed around St Giles' Cathedral

Grant McKenzie, from the Republic anti-monarchy pressure group, told the BBC's Good Morning Scotland programme his group would be vocal at the event, which he described as "undemocratic."

He said: "It's being forced upon us, we've got an unprecedented cost of living crisis.

"I don't think the public in the UK are particularly interested in their tax payer money being put towards a parade up and down the Royal Mile in Edinburgh - it's tone deaf.

"Of course people are going to be able to enjoy it if that's what they want to do. Protests by their very nature are disruptive, we will be making ourselves visible and heard."

Mr Harvie, who is the Scottish government's minister for zero carbon buildings, active travel and tenants' rights, addressed the Our Republic rally outside the Scottish Parliament.

He told the crowd: "It's really important for those who want an elected head of state to be heard."

The MSP said it was extraordinary to be "lavishing taxpayers money on some of the wealthiest people in the world so they can play some kind of Game of Thrones".

He added: "Passing unearned wealth from generation to generation is fundamentally at odds with the democratic society we are trying to build."

Assistant Chief Constable Tim Mairs, police lead for the event, said: "This significant constitutional event took place safely without any disruption to the ceremony or people's procession.

"Safety was our priority and a number of actions were taken to ensure this, which included an open approach to engaging with potential protest groups."

In the build-up to the event the force said it sought to strike a balance between the right to protest and public safety.

Assistant Chief Constable Mairs added: "I would like to thank the overwhelming majority of protestors who engaged with us and also our officers whose professionalism helped ensure the safe delivery of this event for everyone who attended."

Patrick Harvie spoke to journalists at the rally outside Holyrood

As well as those protesting the ceremony, crowds hoping to catch a glimpse of the monarch and people's procession also lined the streets.

One of those in attendance was royal fan Sheila Clark, from Newton Mearns.

Speaking on the BBC's Good Morning Scotland, she said: "I'm as close to St Giles' as I possibly could be.

"It's a very special moment for me personally, I've followed the new King all my life really.

"I think it's an important part of our heritage throughout Britain and particularly in Scotland, because the King's roots are Scottish. His mother was Scottish, his grandmother was Scottish and I think Scotland is an important part of the United Kingdom."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. In a personal statement, Matt Hancock apologies to MPs for his "minor breach" of Commons rules.

The former health secretary, Matt Hancock, has been found to have breached Parliament's rules for attempting to influence an inquiry into a Conservative MP.

A standards watchdog ordered Mr Hancock to apologise for the "minor breach".

Mr Hancock wrote a letter defending Tory MP Steve Brine, who was investigated over lobbying allegations.

Mr Hancock denied trying to influence the investigation by Parliament's standards commissioner.

On Monday, Mr Hancock apologised to the House of Commons, in line with the findings of the report by the Commons Committee on Standards.

He told MPs that the committee had "found that I did not seek to break the rules, had no prospect of personal gain and acted without malice".

Mr Hancock said: "However they recommended I apologise to the House and the Commissioner for this minor breach and underline that respect for the Code and processes of investigating potential breaches of the Code is an important and necessary part of the Code. I am happy to do so."

The the Commons Committee on Standards found Mr Hancock had made "a clear attempt to influence the commissioner's investigation".

The committee said Mr Hancock had breached a rule that prevents MPs from lobbying the commissioner in a way that is "calculated or intended to influence his consideration".

"Mr Hancock is a former cabinet minister and has been an MP for over 10 years," the committee's report said. "It is concerning that a member with this experience has not taken account of these provisions of the code."

The committee recommended that Mr Hancock should make a personal statement to apologise to the House of Commons and the standards commissioner, Daniel Greenberg.

He should also attend a "briefing on his obligations under the code with the commissioner", the committee's report said.

MPs are expected to behave within rules set out in a code of conduct approved by the Commons, and any alleged breaches can be investigated by the standards commissioner.

The report said Mr Hancock had sent the commissioner an unsolicited letter while he was investigating Mr Brine - the chair of the Commons health committee - over claims he lobbied the NHS on behalf of a recruitment firm.

Leaked messages from 2021 showed Mr Brine had been trying contact health bosses while acting as a paid consultant for Remedium Partners, a recruitment firm offering doctors for free to the NHS.

Mr Brine, a former health minister, said he was responding to a call from ministers to help the NHS during the Covid-19 pandemic.

The texts were some of the more than 100,000 WhatsApp messages involving Mr Hancock that were leaked to the Telegraph newspaper by journalist Isabel Oakeshott.

Last month, Mr Brine was found to have breached the rules twice by failing to declare in his approaches to cabinet ministers in 2021.

But the commissioner, Mr Greenberg, cleared Mr Brine of paid advocacy.

During the investigation, Mr Hancock wrote a letter to the commissioner, arguing "that what Mr Brine did was acting overwhelmingly in the national interest".

The rulebook for MPs says they should not try to influence the decision of the commissioner during an investigation into an alleged breach.

Mr Hancock, who became one of the best-known politicians in the country during the Covid-19 pandemic, remains suspended as a Tory MP for for taking time off from his parliamentary duties to appear on I'm A Celebrity last year.

Last updated on .From the section Formula 1

Red Bull's Max Verstappen took pole position for the Australian Grand Prix ahead of the Mercedes of George Russell and Lewis Hamilton.

Verstappen beat Russell by 0.236 seconds as Mercedes had their best qualifying of the season. Hamilton was 0.136secs further adrift in third.

Fernando Alonso was fourth in the Aston Martin ahead of Carlos Sainz's Ferrari.

Sergio Perez crashed the second Red Bull on his first lap of qualifying and will start the race at the back.

It is a major blow to the Mexican, who is just one point behind Verstappen in the championship after his victory in the last race in Saudi Arabia and who started the weekend saying he had confidence he had Red Bull's backing to challenge his team-mate.

Perez insisted there was a problem with the car after a day characterised by similar errors caused by locking his wheels during braking but said he "trusts totally with my team we will be able to fix the issue".
• None Realistic Mercedes to still 'go for it' in Australia
• None One lap, six questions - take our Australian GP quiz
• None How to follow the Australian Grand Prix on the BBC

Lance Stroll was fifth for Aston, ahead of Ferrari's Charles Leclerc - complaining he had been held up by Sainz on his final lap and did not know why - and the impressive Williams of Alex Albon.

Alpine's Pierre Gasly and the Haas of Nico Hulkenberg completed the top 10. McLaren's difficult start to the season continued with Lando Norris in 13th place.

Albon and Hulkenberg produced eye-catching performances to be in the top 10 in their normally uncompetitive cars but it was the Mercedes that produced the surprise of qualifying.

Verstappen pulled out a blinder of a lap on his final run and when Alonso went second in the Aston Martin with a lap 0.407secs off the world champion, the front of the grid seemed set given Ferrari's lack of pace this weekend.

But first Russell popped up between Verstappen and Alonso, then Hamilton sneaked in as well.

"We weren't expecting that, for sure," said Russell, who has out-qualified Hamilton three times in a row so far this season.

"Wow. What session for us. The car felt alive. The lap was right on the limit.

"I have to be honest - I was a little disappointed we didn't get pole. It's funny how your expectations change in this business. Yesterday I would have been happy with fifth, but the car came alive.

"Excited for tomorrow. It's going to be tough against Max but we will give it the best go."

Hamilton added: "I am so happy with this. This is totally unexpected. To be up on the two front rows is honestly a dream for us.

"We are all working as hard as we can and to be this close to the Red Bull is incredible. I hope tomorrow we can give them a bit of a run for their money."

Verstappen admitted Red Bull had struggled to get the optimum out of their car this weekend, which had been a scrappy one up to qualifying.

"The last lap was pretty good," Verstappen said. "Until then the whole weekend it has been difficult to get the tyres in the right window and it was pretty tricky to find the grip and nail it on one lap.

"But it all came right in qualifying. I'm pretty happy with that."

In his post-race interviews, Hamilton seemed to take the opportunity to have a subtle dig at his old rival Alonso, who he pipped with his final lap after the Aston Martin had impressed all weekend.

Alonso said in an interview with French newspaper this weekend that it was clear now Hamilton no longer had the best car that he "had weaknesses".

And as he waved to the crowd, Hamilton said he hoped to have a first corner similar to the one he had in 2007 on his debut. "Does anyone remember that," he asked?

It was an apparent reference to him famously passing his then-McLaren team-mate Alonso around the outside of Turn One in his very first grand prix, the first dramatic moment in a season that developed into one of the most tumultuous in F1 history.
• None Enter the world of the social media personality's multi-level marketing scheme and webcam business
• None Stealing it was only the beginning...:

Bruce assisting fellow Radio 2 presenter Rylan Clark with his 24-hour Karaoke Challenge in 2019 Image caption: Bruce assisting fellow Radio 2 presenter Rylan Clark with his 24-hour Karaoke Challenge in 2019

Some Radio 2 listeners are unhappy with the station's current playlist, which is increasingly favouring more recent music from the 1990s and 2000s over the 1970s and 1980s.

But that's due to the station's efforts to attract the next generation of Radio 2 listeners, primarily people in their 30s and 40s who have moved on from Radio 1.

Speaking to BBC News, Bruce said: "Any radio station has its policy, and that's only right and proper, and you follow the station policy."

But on his new show on Greatest Hits Radio (GHR), Bruce said: "I'll be playing the stuff I like. And I'll be trying to introduce the odd track that I like into the playlist for GHR."

Stations such as GHR and Boom Radio have positioned themselves as alternatives to Radio 2 for older listeners - the baby boomer generation - who feel the station no longer caters to them.

The damage caused to the Kakhovka dam earlier this month wiped out homes and left families without water

In a shrinking, brackish pool of water, within earshot of Ukraine's front lines, two small fish gasped and flopped in the midday heat.

Around them, vast expanses of mud and rock - covered, for the past three quarters of a century, by metres of water - were exposed to the sun. A huge grain barge lay sprawled across a nearby sandbank. Water snakes and frogs slithered through the dwindling shallows as if in search of shade.

Two weeks after a suspected Russian sabotage operation destroyed the dam that holds back the Dnipro River to form the giant Kakhovka reservoir, some 18 cubic kilometres of water - enough to fill a shallow paddling pool the size of England - have surged south to vanish into the Black Sea.

"It's a catastrophe. Everything was washed away. Deer, wild pigs, fish and so many endangered species. And about half a million people are now left without water," said Anatolii Derkach, 37, secretary of the town council in Marhanets, on the western shore of the former reservoir.

From his fourth-floor office, Derkach peered out across the grey, cracked mud towards the silhouette of Europe's largest nuclear power plant on the eastern shore. The Zaporizhzhia plant, with its six reactors, is currently under Russian occupation. With the water gone, the plant - some 10km (six miles) away - suddenly looks much closer.

"They say it will have enough water in its reservoirs for about six months. But we cannot be sure," he said with a sigh, followed by the inevitable warning-word "Chernobyl" - a reference to the nuclear power plant whose reactor exploded in 1986 in Soviet Ukraine, causing the worst nuclear accident ever.

People queue to access drinking water in Marhanets, a Ukrainian town often targeted by Russian strikes

Meanwhile Marhanets, a small town perched on a hill overlooking the reservoir, is often targeted by Russian artillery.

"They watch us with drones. If they see more than five people in one place they begin shelling," said Derkach.

But with the reservoir emptying, and water supplies now cut off, the council has been obliged to set up temporary distribution points around town.

"How do you think I feel? I'm walking around like a donkey, forced to carry water," said Iuliia, a pensioner standing in a queue of more than 20 people beside a set of taps and a large plastic tank in the town centre.

"It's not even drinking water. I'm scared for the future. I don't see any way through this," said her neighbour, Nina, 70.

Marhanets, and other nearby towns, are drawing up plans to dig new canals to connect them to other reservoirs. But many residents have left, and local mines and other industries have been forced to close. Local farmers are now trying to access old wells and small streams to find alternative sources of water.

"I don't know what [the Russians] were thinking - doing that. The environment will suffer, and it will be hard for all of us," said Ivan Zaruski, 56, taking a brief break from loading bales of straw onto a trailer with a group of relatives and neighbours in field outside town.

"The main thing is that the nuclear power plant doesn't explode. But we'll survive all this. We have nowhere else to go so we don't have a choice," he added with a grin.

Moscow says it had nothing to do with the destruction of the Kakhovka dam in Russian-occupied territory, and has accused Ukraine of firing missiles at it.

Irina (R), with her husband Evhenii, said the water reached the roof of their small cottage close to the Dnipro River

Meanwhile, further south, below the destroyed dam, the heaving flood waters that swept, without warning, through the port city of Kherson and smaller towns killing dozens of people and forcing thousands to flee, have largely abated.

"We're like rats - we can survive anything," said Irina, a 73-year-old retired teacher, as she and her husband, Evhenii, slowly dragged the drenched contents of their small cottage outside.

At one point the flood waters reached the roof of their home, on Tchaikovsky Street, close to the Dnipro River in the centre of Kherson. But now only a few big puddles remained outside, beside several small boats which had been used during the flooding.

"At least this happened at the start of summer. We still have time to dry things out," said Evhenii, stacking some stinking, rotting furniture in the yard.

Earlier that morning, several Russian artillery shells had crashed into the centre of Kherson, and many more would land in this neighbourhood in the coming hours and days, fired from Russian positions on the far bank. Ukrainian troops were blocking cars from getting too close to the river, and much of the city seemed deserted.

Most of the people who've stayed are elderly. They're not going anywhere

"Today was wonderful," said Oksana, who'd come to help her elderly parents on Tchaikovsky Street clean up after the flood. She was referring to news about Ukraine's counter-offensive.

"Our guys are doing a great job. We can tell who is shooting where. Our guys have had some big successes against Russian positions - and they've hit some large ammunition depots. I just wish it was all happening a bit quicker," she said.

Nearby, her 78-year-old father, Vladimir, slumped into a chair. He'd been kneeling, with an axe, to strip water-logged sections off an old cabinet, but had stood up too fast.

"He was born here. He's spent his whole life here. Most of the people who've stayed in this neighbourhood are elderly. They're not going anywhere," said Oksana.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The Duke of Sussex has attended his father's Coronation, sitting two rows from his brother at Westminster Abbey.

The prince had arrived without his wife Meghan, who stayed in the US, and he left immediately afterwards for a return flight from Heathrow.

The BBC understands he was not invited to appear on the balcony at Buckingham Palace following the ceremony.

It is the first time he has been seen publicly with his family since his controversial memoir Spare came out.

Prince Harry, who arrived in the UK on Friday, was back in Los Angeles at 19:30 local time on Saturday after taking a British Airways flight, the PA news agency reported.

He got into a car alone outside the abbey shortly after the Coronation service had finished.

Ninety minutes later, on the Buckingham Palace balcony, the King and Queen were joined by other working members of the Royal Family, including the Prince and Princess of Wales, and their children.

Prince Harry's wife, the Duchess of Sussex, remained in Los Angeles with their children, where their son Prince Archie is celebrating his fourth birthday.

A source earlier told the US outlet Page Six that Prince Harry intended to make "every effort to get back in time for Archie's birthday".

Prince Harry wore a morning suit and medals at the ceremony and he sat with his cousin Princess Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank in the third row, along with his uncle the Duke of York, Prince Andrew.

Two rows ahead in the front were the Prince and Princess of Wales and their children Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, as well as the Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh.

For the late Queen Elizabeth's funeral last year, Prince Harry was in the second row - directly behind the King - at the abbey.

It was already known that Prince Harry would attend the ceremony alone and have no formal role as he is not a working member of the Royal Family.

This was also the case for Prince Andrew.

Prince Harry arrived at Westminster Abbey in a morning suit with medals

He walked in alongside the Princess Beatrice and her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi

Relations between Prince Harry and other members of the family have been strained since his memoir was published.

The book vividly revealed fall-outs and disagreements with relatives, and he has since spoken of feeling "different" from the rest of his family.

The decision for Meghan to reject the invitation was widely seen as part of these continuing, unresolved family tensions.

And last month it was revealed that the King tried to stop Prince Harry taking legal action against newspapers over alleged phone-hacking.

In a witness statement revealed by court papers, Prince Harry said he was "summoned to Buckingham Palace" and told to drop the cases because of the effect on the family.

Virginia Woolf's personal copy of her debut novel, The Voyage Out, has been fully digitised for the first time.

The book was rediscovered in 2021, having mistakenly been housed in the science section of the University of Sydney library for 25 years.

It is the only publicly available copy of its kind and contains rare inscriptions and edits.

Another UK first edition used personally by Woolf is owned by a private collector based in London.

Scholars say the find is "remarkable" and could provide insight into the English author's mental health and writing process.

Woolf is considered to be one of the most important modernist 20th Century authors, publishing more than 45 works including To The Lighthouse and Mrs Dalloway.

She pioneered the use of stream of consciousness as a narrative device and is a lasting literary influence to this day.

The University of Sydney hopes by publicly sharing their copy, the multiple notes showing the adopted and abandoned revisions will give a new generation of readers, literary students and scholars some insight into Woolf's thoughts.

Virginia Woolf suffered from anxiety, insomnia and repeated mental breakdowns during the writing of The Voyage Out

Woolf suffered from severe mental health breakdowns during the estimated seven year period it took to complete The Voyage Out.

She fell back into depression and was put in a nursing home the day before it was published in 1915, staying there for six months. Her husband Leonard Woolf said she was "writing every day with a kind of tortured intensity" to finish the novel.

She was institutionalised and attempted suicide several times throughout her life. She died in March 1941, aged 59, after taking her own life.

The University of Sydney said it appeared the rediscovered copy of The Voyage Out had been lost "through the bustle of everyday campus and library life".

Simon Cooper, Metadata Services Officer from the Fisher Library, found the book incorrectly shelved in 2021.

He said: "I knew the book didn't belong there, so I took it out and then saw the author's name handwritten on the first page.

"So, I looked up her handwriting to compare it, and it matched. It's her copy".

The Voyage Out was incorrectly shelved and eventually found in the science section of Rare Books and Special Collections

The University acquired the book in the late 1970s through Bow Windows Bookshop in Lewes, East Sussex.

Woolf and her husband Leonard Woolf had lived in the area - and members of the public can still visit their 16th-Century country retreat, Monk's House, which is owned by the National Trust.

Original copies of her manuscripts, novels, essays and short stories now sell for huge sums.

One of the world's oldest antiquarian booksellers, Maggs Bros in London, told the BBC the rediscovered Woolf copy could be worth about £250,000 ($321,500) given the other first edition copy sold for just over £91,000 in 2001.

"Prices have increased for this material since then, in some places quite substantially," said Bonny Beaumont, Modern Firsts specialist at Maggs Bros.

Sydney University Fisher Library staff member Simon Cooper found the book incorrectly shelved in the science section

In the rediscovered edition of The Voyage Out, handwritten edits made by Woolf can be seen in blue and brown pencil, with typed excerpts pasted onto the pages.

Some of the changes could have been made by an editor or someone else.

An example of Virginia Woolf's edits

Academics say the rare text reflects Woolf's understanding of her own process of writing and how she developed the craft.

"It carries iconic value," said to Mark Byron - a professor of Modern Literature at the University of Sydney, who has studied the book in person.

"The revisions are fascinating in terms of what Woolf was thinking at the time," he added.

"Its role in Woolf's editorial decisions towards the first American edition of the novel in 1920 is an important element of its textual history."

"The inclusion of Woolf's annotations and corrections in her own hand, in pasted typed sheets, and in marginal editorial instructions, make this a unique object, shining a light on the composition processes of a pivotal novel in Woolf's career, and thus in the history of the novel in the 20th Century."

He added that the difficult composition of the novel led to the first significant adult breakdown for Woolf, suggesting the subject matter and narrative technique deployed in the novel may shed some light on matters of psychology and mental distress and its connection to Woolf's emergent career as a writer.

Some have speculated that Woolf was "potentially uncomfortable with how closely the reflections mirrored her own mental health when she was writing the book" which is what led to the changes, Mr Byron said.

The Voyage Out has been fully digitised and is currently the only one of two copies made publicly available

Most of Woolf's works are housed at Smith College in Northampton, Massachusetts and the Berg collection at the New York Public Library.

Many have long believed that the other first edition of The Voyage Out owned by Woolf was held in an undisclosed private collection in the US. It is known as the "Adams" copy as it used to be part of a library belonging to a Mr FB Adams.

However, the BBC has learned that the Adams copy is in London and owned by a private British collector. He acquired it through the rare book dealer Peter Harrington at an auction held by Sotheby's in 2001.

Peter Harrington's son, Pom, who now runs the business, said he was excited by the rediscovery and digitalisation of The Voyage Out, and keen to examine the difference between the two copies.

Harvey Price has Prader-Willi syndrome, which can cause learning difficulties

Grimsby Town has apologised for posting an "inappropriate" short video of Harvey Price following its FA Cup win at Southampton.

According to reports, the League Two club tweeted a clip showing Mr Price, the disabled son of TV star Katie Price.

It was said to have been accompanied with the caption: "Signing off for the night! Enjoy your night, Town fans."

In a statement, the club said it wished to "wholeheartedly apologise".

Grimsby Town celebrate their win at Southampton on Wednesday

The club's full statement reads: "It has come to our attention that an inappropriate gif was posted on the club's official Twitter account late last night following our game against Southampton in the Emirates FA Cup.

"The post was removed this morning as soon as we were made aware. We would like to wholeheartedly apologise for any offence it has caused. UTM."

Mr Price, 20, has septo-optic dysplasia, a rare genetic disorder affecting his eyesight, as well as autism and Prader-Willi syndrome, which can cause learning difficulties and behavioural problems.

The incident comes two weeks after Ms Price published a letter from the Met Police telling her officers are facing misconduct proceedings over alleged involvement in a WhatsApp group that targeted her son.

Grimsby Town beat their Premier League opponents 2-1, courtesy of a brace from Gavan Holohan at St Mary's.

The win secures The Mariners a quarter-final fixture with European hopefuls Brighton - the first time the club has reached the last eight in the FA Cup since 1938/39, a year they went on to reach the semi-finals.

Follow BBC East Yorkshire and Lincolnshire on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. Send your story ideas to yorkslincs.news@bbc.co.uk.

Alexander Lukashenko (centre) looked visibly tired during last week's Victory Day parade in Moscow, and his right hand was bandaged

The autocratic politician, 68, usually speaks publicly at the annual National Flag, Emblem and Anthem Day event but his prime minister read a message on his behalf on Sunday.

Last week, Mr Lukashenko left Moscow soon after Victory Day parade, skipping lunch with President Vladimir Putin.

Mr Lukashenko looked visibly tired, and his right hand was bandaged.

He was last seen in public laying flowers in the capital Minsk during Belarus' own Victory Day celebrations on 9 May - a few hours after returning from the Russian capital.

An opposition Telegram channel reported that Mr Lukashenko visited a presidential medical centre just outside Minsk on Saturday night - but this information has not been independently verified.

Mr Lukashenko's office has so far made no comments on the issue.

Often described in the West as Europe's last dictator, Mr Lukashenko has ruled Belarus since 1994, suppressing any dissent.

In 2020, he was proclaimed as the winner of presidential elections, which were denounced by the opposition as a sham.

Thousand of people were later arrested and brutally beaten by riot police and KGB security service agents during mass anti-government protests that rocked the country.

However, Mr Lukashenko managed to stay in power, backed by Russia.

Last year, he supported President Putin's full-scale invasion of Ukraine, offering Belarus as a launchpad for Russian troops to cross into Ukraine and allowing Russian war planes to carry out strikes from Belarusian soil.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

A boa constrictor spotted by police in the middle of a busy road in Birmingham gave officers an "off-the-scale" shock, the West Midlands force has said.

The officers were driving down Park Lane on Saturday afternoon when they saw the "slippery customer" moving across the road, according to police.

They managed to manoeuvre the snake into a pillow case and took it to Birmingham Reptile Centre for checks.

Staff said the boa, which is non-venomous, was believed to be a pet.

Mohammed Shikdar, who filmed the capture, said he went closer after he saw police officers and on-lookers "crowding around something".

"That's when I saw the snake and the police were trying to pick the snake up using the broom and a walking stick," he said.

"The snake felt threatened and tried to attack the broom."

Chloe Clarke, team supervisor at the Reptile Centre in Erdington, said as boa constrictors were not native to the UK, the reptile must have been in captivity.

The snake was spotted by officers from the force's operational support unit, West Midlands Police said

She said she believed it had escaped, rather than having been left somewhere.

The snake was well-fed, but had a couple of marks and some scale damage from the dry climate, Ms Clarke added.

"It's just a shame that a lot of people think snakes are dangerous, but they are just an animal," she said.

"They [boa constrictors] are not venomous and are not capable of harming a human."

She said the snake might give a small bite "like a pin-prick" if it was scared.

Staff at the centre would look after the creature for a month in the hope the owner would get in touch, but after that it would be re-homed, she said.

Follow BBC West Midlands on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: newsonline.westmidlands@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Tony Johnson with his partner who said she is "devastated" to have lost her "soul mate"

A man has died after a fight between football fans outside a pub.

Tony Johnson, 55, was found with a serious head injury near The Manchester bar on the Promenade in Blackpool at 19:00 GMT on Saturday.

Blackpool Football Club said they were "deeply shocked and saddened" by the grandfather's death.

Mr Johnson's partner said his family were "heartbroken" and "devastated". Supporters had clashed after the match between Blackpool and Burnley.

In a tribute, his partner said: "I am devastated to have lost my best friend, life partner and soul mate in a cruel act.

"We all, as a family, are so heartbroken and our lives are never going to be the same."

Officers from Lancashire Constabulary administered CPR before Mr Johnson was taken to hospital.

Det Ch Insp Tracey McMurdo said: "Sadly Mr Johnson died in hospital overnight and his family are understandably devastated."

She appealed for any footage that might assist the police investigation and asked anyone who did have video not to post it online because "at the heart of this is a grieving family, who are incredibly distressed".

Lancashire Police said there was no suggestion Mr Johnson was specifically targeted.

Flowers have been left at the Stan Mortensen Statue

The force earlier said it was working with both Blackpool and Burnley football clubs to establish what had happened.

Blackpool have opened a book of condolence in the Moretti Lounge for supporters to pay their respects.

Head coach Mick McCarthy, players and supporters have left floral tributes at the Stan Mortensen Statue behind Bloomfield Road's north stand in honour Mr Johnson.

The club said: "All of the thoughts of everyone at the football club go out to Tony's family and friends. Rest in peace, Tony."

Blackpool Tower will be lit up tangerine later to "show support to the BFC community and everyone affected by the devastating news", the council said in a tweet.

The Armfield Club, a Blackpool supporters' club, tweeted it was "deeply saddened" by Mr Johnson's death, adding he was "Blackpool through and through".

A fight broke out outside the Manchester pub shortly after the match

Burnley said they were "shocked and saddened", adding: "We share our thoughts and condolences with his family, friends and everyone at Blackpool Football Club."

A fundraising page set up to help pay for the "loyal and true" Seasider's funeral has raised more than £10,000.

A 33-year-old man who was arrested on Saturday on suspicion of wounding has been bailed pending further inquiries.

Blackpool drew 0-0 with Burnley in the Championship clash at Bloomfield Road.

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: From police interrogations to trial testimony, who is Alex Murdaugh?

A powerful South Carolina lawyer has been found guilty of murdering his wife and son to distract from his multi-million dollar financial crimes.

The jury deliberated for less than three hours before convicting Alex Murdaugh, 54, of two counts of murder at the end of a six-week trial.

He faces a long prison term when he is sentenced on Friday.

Maggie and Paul Murdaugh were shot at close range near the dog kennels on their family estate on 7 June 2021.

Alex Murdaugh stood impassively as he learned his fate during Thursday evening's hearing in Walterboro.

"Today's verdict proves that no-one, no matter who you are in society, is above the law," said South Carolina's top prosecutor, Attorney General Alan Wilson.

The case - chronicling the downfall of a family born to power and privilege - has captivated the country, inspiring documentaries on Netflix and HBO.

Murdaugh was once an influential personal injury attorney in the state, and for decades until 2006 his family members had served as the leading prosecutors in the area. Such was their influence that the jurisdiction became known as "Murdaugh Country".

But the trial heard that for years he had been stealing from his law partners and clients to feed an addiction to painkillers and an extravagant lifestyle.

Murdaugh had pleaded not guilty to killing his wife and youngest son in an attempt to conceal years of financial corruption - fraud that he himself had acknowledged in court.

After the 12-person jury's verdict, dozens of spectators gathered outside the back of the court where officers ushered a handcuffed Murdaugh quickly into a black van.

Reporters shouted questions, though he remained silent. As police tucked him inside the vehicle, one man behind the media line shouted that he was praying for him.

Maggie Murdaugh, pictured here with Alex, was said to be a devoted mother

It took more than a year for investigators to arrest Murdaugh as they untangled the complex case.

In a risky move for any murder defendant, Murdaugh took to the witness stand, trying to convince the jury that someone angry over a deadly 2019 boating accident involving Paul could have killed his son to seek revenge.

"I would never hurt Maggie, and I would never hurt Paul - ever - under any circumstances," Murdaugh testified.

The case against him was based entirely on circumstantial evidence. No direct evidence - things like a murder weapon, blood on his clothing or an eyewitness - was presented at trial.

Instead the prosecution focused on an incriminating Snapchat video taken by Murdaugh's son just before the murders.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Paul and his mother were killed at the kennels on the family's sprawling hunting estate, known as Moselle.

For 20 months after their murders, Alex Murdaugh told law enforcement repeatedly he had not been at the dog kennels at all that evening, and was at home napping.

But in the Snapchat video filmed by Paul just minutes before the shootings, the defendant's voice could be heard in the background.

On the stand at trial, Murdaugh admitted he had lied, saying his years-long addiction to painkillers had put him in a paranoid state.

The court also heard of Murdaugh's bizarre attempt to stage his own death in an insurance fraud scheme just three months after he murdered his 52-year-old wife and 22-year-old son. The hitman he hired botched the shooting and the bullet only grazed his head.

Alex Murdaugh (right) murdered his wife, Maggie, and his youngest son Paul

Local resident Jessica Williams, 38, stood outside the court watching the proceedings on the phone with her six-year-old daughter.

"I am so happy," she told BBC News after the verdict was announced, adding: "I remember where I was when the verdict for OJ Simpson came down [in 1995]. This was the same thing."

Early on in the proceedings, Judge Clifton Newman ruled that prosecutors could bring in evidence of Murdaugh's alleged financial crimes.

Investigators say he stole nearly $9m from clients and colleagues to fund his addiction and his lavish lifestyle. And at trial, Murdaugh admitted to wide-scale theft.

Prosecutors argued it was these crimes that drove him to murder - that he thought the deaths of Maggie and Paul would gain him sympathy and stave off a reckoning over his other misdeeds.

Murdaugh and his defence team had argued in court that this theory was ludicrous and financial problems would never have led him to murder.

Several witnesses testified that on the night of the murders Alex Murdaugh had asked Maggie, who had been at the family's other property in nearby Edisto Beach, to return to Moselle.

Maggie much preferred Edisto to Moselle and hadn't planned on leaving, her sister Marion Proctor told the court. But Murdaugh's elderly father was dying, and so Mrs Proctor encouraged her to support him.

Alex Murdaugh and his two sons were fond of hunting, and Moselle was home to a collection of guns.

Prosecutors alleged that Murdaugh had used one of these - a .300 Blackout assault-style rifle - to kill Maggie, and another weapon to kill Paul. But they were unable to find either firearm and produce them at trial.

Maggie was shot four or five times with a rifle and their son was shot twice with a shotgun, the trial heard.

Reaper drones are full-size aircraft designed for reconnaissance and surveillance

The US has accused Russia of reckless behaviour after an American drone crashed into the Black Sea following an encounter with Russian fighter jets.

Before the collision, Russian jets are said to have dumped fuel into the path of the drone, which the US says was in international airspace.

The damaged MQ-9 Reaper drone was brought down by the US after it became "unflyable", the Pentagon said.

Russia has denied its two Su-27 fighter jets made any contact.

The key question is whether the encounter was merely an attempt by Russia to disrupt the US drone and its work - or whether it was a deliberate attempt to bring it down.

US military officials said the incident happened at about 07:03 Central European Time (06:03 GMT) on Tuesday and the confrontation lasted around 30-40 minutes.

Several times before the collision, the fighter jets dumped fuel on the drone in a "reckless, environmentally unsound and unprofessional manner", it said in a statement.

Pentagon spokesman Brig Gen Pat Ryder told reporters the drone was "unflyable and uncontrollable so we brought it down", adding that the collision also likely damaged the Russian aircraft.

He said the jets were able to land following the incident.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Brig Gen Ryder said to his knowledge the Russians had not recovered the drone.

The United States' National Security Council's John Kirby told CNN: "Without getting into too much detail, what I can say is that we've taken steps to protect our equities with respect to that particular drone."

Russia's defence ministry said the drone crashed after a "sharp manoeuvre" and that it was flying with its transponders turned off. Transponders are communications devices that allow the aircraft to be tracked.

Prof Michael Clarke, visiting professor in war studies at King's College, told the BBC the collision was "almost certainly an accident".

The ex-director general of the defence and security think tank Royal United Services Institute said: "I don't believe any pilot could deliberately do that [only colliding with another aircraft's propeller] without seriously endangering their aircraft and own life."

The incident highlights the increasing risk of direct confrontation between Russia and the US over the Ukraine war.

To protest against the move, the US summoned Russian ambassador Anatoly Antonov in Washington.

Following the meeting, Russian state media quoted Mr Antonov as saying that Moscow saw the drone incident as "a provocation" and that "the unacceptable activity of the US military in the close proximity to our borders is a cause for concern".

On Wednesday, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters there had been no high-level contact between Moscow and Washington over the incident.

But he said Russia would never refuse to engage in constructive dialogue.

Tensions have risen over the Black Sea ever since Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014.

After Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine last year the US and the UK stepped up reconnaissance and surveillance flights, though always operating in international airspace.

According to the US, there has been a "pattern of dangerous actions by Russian pilots" interacting with allied aircraft in the region.

This means the downing of the drone could conceivably have been the result of a mistake by a Russian pilot who got too close as they "buzzed" the unmanned aircraft.

But if this was a deliberate attack on a US aircraft by a Russian warplane, then analysts say that would amount to a huge provocation and a substantial escalation.

In that case, the attack would be seen as an attempt by the Kremlin to test the response of the United States.

Western allies have worked hard to stop the war in Ukraine escalating into a direct confrontation with Russia. But this incident over the Black Sea is just that. The US will now have to evaluate its response.

As US military commanders warned in their statement, this was a dangerous act that "could lead to miscalculation and unintended escalation".

Mike Ferguson said his monthly gas bill is set to rise from £2,000 to £14,500

Many of Scotland's ice rinks face closure due to crippling energy bills, a leading industry figure has warned.

Ayr Ice Rink confirmed it would shut its doors permanently in September solely due to unprecedented hikes in the cost of gas and electricity.

Scottish Ice Rink Association president Mike Ferguson said his Forfar business's monthly gas bill is set to rise from £2,000 to £14,500.

He said several Scottish ice rinks were now at "the critical stage."

Mr Ferguson, who owns curling, bowling and ice skating facility Forfar Indoor Sports, said: "Last year was incredibly successful for our elite athletes.

"It's terrific to see medals, but they'll mean absolutely nothing if we can't keep our club curlers curling.

"If we don't have ice rinks we won't have club curlers and we won't have a sport."

Ayr Ice Rink's Andrew Kerr said the business "cannot cope" with the rising energy costs

Ayr Ice Rink has operated for almost 50 years, but under its new energy deal faces a rise in its daily bill from £419 to £880.

It would have needed to find an extra £150,000 next year to continue operating.

"That just can't be done," its managing director Andrew Kerr told BBC Scotland.

"In a normal year we just break even, but this year coming up, with a hike in energy prices, we just cannot cope with it.

"Prices will come back down, I'm sure, for energy. But they're not going to come down to the level they were."

Mr Kerr said there had been a "huge reaction" on social media to news of the closure."

Ayr Ice Rink will close a month before its 50th birthday

He said: "People are out there crying their eyes out.

"We have curlers here from aged eight to 80, and they're devastated, as are the skaters and hockey players.

"They're offering donations, but when you have to say to them it's £150,000, it's not £5,000 or £10,000, it hits home what the size of the problem is."

Ice rinks are heavily energy-intensive due to their size and use of refrigeration, lighting, and dehumidifying.

Some, like Lockerbie Ice Rink, have managed to make savings through a combination of reduced energy usage and wage bills, and successful grant applications.

Mr Ferguson said rink operators were doing what they could to cut costs such as switching off lights and having efficient insulation.

He said: "But they only scratch the surface when you're getting £150,000 to £250,000 increases in a six-month season.

"Yes, we can pass on the cost to our customers by increasing their fees, but everyone is feeling the pinch and it's literally unsustainable over the long term."

Scottish Curling's Vincent Bryson said even the thought of losing one rink was "catastrophic"

Scottish Curling said the country had "a fighting chance" of keeping all 22 of the its rinks open in 12 months' time, but at least three are currently under serious threat of closure.

Chief executive Vincent Bryson said: "Even the thought of losing one is catastrophic.

"We're going to have to find a home for the 500 curlers and 30-odd clubs in Ayr but it's not the only place the situation is dire."

He said that three rinks closing in the next year could potentially wipe out 25% of its membership.

He said: "There's no sport that could recover from that.

"Sport has got a great emotional pull for Scotland. So we don't struggle to get people to listen, but turning that into action is the great unknown.

"The conversations we've had with governments at all levels has been positive, but we understand that the government are strapped as well."

Winter Olympics silver medallist Scott Andrews started training at Ayr Ice Rink when he was eight

Winter Olympics silver medallist curler Scott Andrews said he was devastated at the pending closure of Ayr Ice Rink.

He said: "It's a massive part of the community and it's very much a social sport, so it will be a massive loss.

"I started curling here when I was eight years old and my family all curled here.

"This is where I learned how to curl and if it wasn't for Ayr Ice Rink I would never have got to the Olympics and won that Olympic medal."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Explosions and gunfire as BBC reports from Jenin

There have been intense exchanges of fire between Israeli forces and armed Palestinian militants in Jenin refugee camp, in the occupied West Bank.

The Israeli military began what appears to be one of its most extensive operations in the territory in years with drone strikes early on Monday.

Nine Palestinians have been killed and 100 injured, health officials say.

Israel said it was putting a stop to Jenin being "a refuge for terrorism". Palestinians accused it of a war crime.

The Palestinian Red Crescent says its crews have evacuated 3,000 people - including patients and the elderly - from the camp to hospitals.

It says dozens of people had been detained by Israeli forces in their homes since early Monday, without being provided or allowed any food or drink.

The Israeli military said there was no specific timeline for ending the operation, but that it could be "a matter of hours or a few days".

Jenin has become a stronghold of a new generation of Palestinian militants who have become deeply frustrated by the Palestinian Authority's aging leadership and the restrictions of the Israeli occupation.

The city has seen repeated Israeli military raids in the past year as local Palestinians have carried out deadly attacks on Israelis. Other Palestinian attackers have hidden there.

In 2002, during the second Palestinian intifada, Israeli forces launched a full-scale incursion in Jenin. At least 52 Palestinian militants and civilians and 23 Israeli soldiers were killed during 10 days of intense fighting.

Hundreds of Israeli soldiers were still operating inside Jenin on Monday night, more than 20 hours after the operation began.

As well as the hum of drones overhead, regular bursts of gunfire and the loud thuds of explosions came throughout the day from the densely populated refugee camp, which is home to some 18,000 people and is now declared a closed Israeli military zone.

Acrid smoke from burning tyres lit during protests also hung in the air above the city centre. A few young Palestinians were out on the streets, standing close to shuttered shops and staring nervously in the direction of the camp.

The Israeli military has cut off telephone communications and the electricity supply to the camp, making it difficult to get an accurate picture of what is happening. Palestinian medics have also been struggling to reach the dozens of injured there.

At the Palestinian hospital by the main entrance to the camp the mood was grim.

One man told the BBC: "I met my brother's friend. I went up to him and had barely said a few words when he dropped on the ground. I went to run away, then I got hit by two bullets."

Another man said there was a "massacre" in the camp.

"There are children and civilians and they're not letting them out," he added. "Our electricity is cut, they have dug up all our roads. The camp will be destroyed."

Jovana Arsenijevic of the medical charity Médecins Sans Frontières told the BBC she was at a hospital that had seen more than 90 patients wounded by gunfire or shrapnel from explosive devices.

The Israeli military said it was acting on precise intelligence and did not to seek to harm civilians, but many have been caught in the crossfire.

The military allowed about 500 Palestinian families to leave the camp on Monday night. Some raised their hands or waved makeshift white flags in a gesture of surrender.

People told the BBC that some men and teenaged boys had been stopped by soldiers, and kept behind.

Hundreds of Israeli forces are on the ground in Jenin, said to be seizing weapons and explosives

The first drone strike overnight targeted an apartment that the military said was being used as a hideout for Palestinians who had attacked Israelis and as a "joint operational command centre" for the Jenin Brigades - a unit made up of different Palestinian militant groups including Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad.

Drones were used for further air strikes and a brigade-size force of troops was deployed in what a military spokesman described as a "counter-terrorism operation" focused on seizing weapons and breaking "the safe haven mindset of the camp, which has become a hornet's nest".

In the past year and a half, Palestinians behind some 50 attacks targeting Israelis have come from Jenin, according to the military.

As armed Palestinians began fighting back from inside the camp, the Jenin Brigades said: "We will fight the occupation [Israeli] forces until the last breath and bullet, and we work together and unified from all factions and military formations."

The Palestinian health ministry said nine Palestinians had been killed by Israeli forces, including three in the overnight drone strike. They all appeared to be young men or in their late teens - some confirmed as belonging to armed groups.

The ministry warned that the death toll might rise because 20 of the injured were in a critical condition.

Another Palestinian was killed by Israeli fire during a related protest near the West Bank city of Ramallah, it added.

The Israeli military said the Palestinians killed in Jenin were affiliated to militant groups.

Troops had also apprehended some 50 militants during the operation, and seized weapons and ammunition, it added.

On Monday evening, Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu praised its forces for entering what he called the "nest of terrorists" and asserted that they were doing so "with minimal injury to civilians".

"We will continue this action as long as necessary in order to restore quiet and security," he added.

There was a furious response to the operation from the Palestinian Authority Prime Minister, Mohammed Shtayyeh.

"What's going on is an attempt to erase the refugee camp completely and displace the residents," he said.

Neighbouring Jordan said the operation was "a clear violation of international humanitarian law", but the US expressed its support for what it called "Israel's security and right to defend its people against Hamas, Palestinian Islamic Jihad, and other terrorist groups".

Israeli Foreign Minister Eli Cohen said the plan was not to expand the military operation outside Jenin, but already Palestinian protests have reached the Hamas-governed Gaza Strip. And the longer this action goes on in Jenin, the greater the risk of another dangerous, wider escalation.

The Jenin Brigade group has said its militants will fight back with their "last breath and bullet"

There has been a surge of violence in the West Bank in recent months.

On 20 June, seven Palestinians were killed during an Israeli raid in Jenin which saw the military's first use of an attack helicopter in the West Bank in years.

The next day, two Hamas gunmen shot dead four Israelis near the settlement of Eli, 40km (25 miles) to the south.

A Palestinian man was later shot dead during a rampage by hundreds of settlers in the nearby town of Turmusaya.

That week also saw three Palestinian militants from Jenin killed in a rare Israeli drone strike.

Since the start of the year, more than 140 Palestinians - both militants and civilians - have been killed by Israeli forces or settlers in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem, while another 36 have been killed in the Gaza Strip.

Twenty-four Israelis, two foreigners and a Palestinian worker have been killed in attacks or apparent attacks by Palestinians in Israel and the West Bank. All were civilians except one off-duty serving soldier and a member of the Israeli security forces.

Additional reporting by Rushdi Abu Alouf in Gaza City and Robert Greenall in London

Barnaby Webber and Grace O'Malley-Kumar were walking together when they were attacked

The families of two students killed in Nottingham last month are to create foundations in their name to ensure they "leave a legacy".

Grace O'Malley-Kumar and Barnaby Webber, both 19, were stabbed to death early on 13 June.

Both sets of relatives have now set up online appeals to support causes the students particularly cared about.

An earlier fundraiser in memory of the third victim, Ian Coates, 65, raised more than £28,000.

The families of Grace O'Malley-Kumar and Barnaby Webber attended vigils in Nottingham

On Wednesday, a GoFundMe appeal was launched by Ms O'Malley-Kumar's younger brother, James, six days after Mr Webber's mother, Emma, set up a similar fundraiser online.

Mr Kumar said: "She leaves behind devastated and heartbroken extended family and friends but we all feel compelled that something good must come from the loss of Grace's life.

"In time an official 'Grace O'Malley-Kumar Foundation' will be created and donations will be used to further all that Grace supported and felt she would like to help with.

"To ensure that Grace's name leaves a legacy and to keep her memory alive we have created this fund.

Mr Kumar said all the money would go to the foundation "once the finer details have been arranged".

Since being created the fundraiser has already raised more than £7,500 of its £10,000 target.

The attacks led to large parts of Nottingham being cordoned off

Meanwhile, the appeal for Mr Webber has already surpassed its £5,300 goal, with almost £10,000 being donated.

His mother said: "He leaves behind a family broken by grief and loss but determined not to let him be taken in vain.

"He lived his life with a simple 'if he liked you he liked you' mantra. With no time or judgement for creed, colour, sexuality, religion or background.

"His inclusivity, quiet patience with others, and sheer generosity of his time prove what an extraordinary 'ordinary' person he was.

"In time an official 'Barnaby Webber Foundation' will be created and funds will be used to further all of the qualities listed above and to keep his memory alive whilst reaching out to others."

Ms O'Malley-Kumar was from Woodford in London and Mr Webber was from Taunton in Somerset.

An inquest into their deaths, opened on Friday, heard all three victims had died as a result of stab wounds.

Valdo Calocane, 31, is charged with their murder as well as the attempted murder of three pedestrians by driving a van into them in the city centre.

Calocane, who has identified himself as Adam Mendes in previous court appearances, will face trial in January next year, pending a plea hearing on 25 September.

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

Lisa-Marie Morris: "I often don't have £100 spare to go and do a food shop for half-term"

A financial scheme which helps feed families in the school holidays gives parents hope, one mother has said.

Lisa-Marie Morris from Port Talbot is among thousands in Wales using an interest-free micro-loan providing up to £100 in credit for food.

Lender Fair For You said it has seen demand rise since the Iceland Food Club was set up with the supermarket chain.

With money tight, Ms Morris visits a number of supermarkets and works out where she can buy food the cheapest.

"It's quite difficult when you find that you can't work... and having bare minimum money," she said.

The mother-of-three, who worked as a tennis coach but had to quit because of health problems, said it means she struggles to fund extra meals needed for her children during the school holidays.

In order to keep costs low, she can visit three or four supermarkets looking to spend "the lowest amount of money possible while getting the most amount of food".

She has even done practice runs, putting everything needed in a shopping basket to work out the cost before shopping at "the cheapest one".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. "I pay £10 a week, so it's very manageable for me"

"If I'm doing a bulk shop, or I'm trying to save money, I will spend quite a few days and I'll go on Morrisons, Tesco, Sainsbury, Asda, Aldi - all the supermarkets," she added.

"I'll put everything I want in the basket and then I'll go through each one and find out where the cheapest one is."

Chris Bennett, from Fair For You, said it was approached by the supermarket giant because it noticed it was "losing a lot of customers during school holidays"

Ms Morris said it has helped since using the food club set up by Fair For You, an ethical finance company, alongside Iceland, the Deeside-based supermarket chain.

"I often don't have £100 spare to go and do a food shop for half-term but with this I pay £10 a week so it's very manageable for me," she said.

Chris Bennett, from Fair For You, said it was approached by the supermarket giant because it noticed it was "losing a lot of customers during school holidays", largely because people were unable to "access funds to purchase food".

Fair For You researched possible solutions and the Iceland Food Club was launched last year.

"We're seeing a significant reduction, 92% either stopped or reduced their usage of food banks and a significant drop in the usage of loan sharks by about 80%," said Mr Bennett.

Meanwhile, demand for help is rising.

"We're seeing more people wanting to access our services than ever before," he added.

"These are people who haven't needed to access our services previously so we're definitely seeing a shift in the type of customers that are needing our sort of support - and we do see that trend continuing."

The man driving a bus in Australia that crashed, killing 10 and injuring at least 20, was allegedly going too fast in foggy conditions, police say.

The bus was carrying passengers returning from a wedding on Sunday when it overturned at a roundabout near the town of Greta in New South Wales (NSW).

Many of the victims are connected to tight-knit rural sporting clubs, local media have reported.

The crash is one of Australia's deadliest road incidents.

Brett Andrew Button, 58, has been charged with multiple counts of dangerous driving and negligence, after being arrested on Monday.

He was allegedly driving "in a manner that was inconsistent with the conditions", the NSW Police Traffic and Highway Patrol Commander told reporters on Tuesday.

"He lost control of that vehicle... obviously the speed was too quick for him to negotiate that roundabout," Acting Assistant Commissioner David Waddell added.

Fourteen people injured in the crash in the Hunter Valley wine region remain in hospital, with two in a critical condition, police say.

They have not formally identified any of the victims, but the mayor of Singleton said many lived in the small town.

"I know we'll never get over it," Sue Moore told the BBC.

Some local families have been at the side of injured people in hospital in Newcastle and Sydney, Ms Moore said, and others are planning funerals while reeling from "the worst possible thing that could ever happen in their lives".

"As far as I know, one lot of parents are leaving two kids orphaned," she said.

A junior doctor, Rebecca Mullen, was among those killed, said NSW Health Minister Ryan Park."This has made a very dark day even darker for NSW Health," he said.

The bus overturned while making a turn at a roundabout late on Sunday night

Tasmanian man Kane Symons also died in the crash, his former surf club confirmed on social media.

Posting on behalf of his family, the Carlton Park Surf Lifesaving Club described Mr Symons as "an amazing athlete... a great bloke and a mate to many".

"We adored him and he will be truly missed," they said.

Pop-up mental health clinics have been set up in Singleton and the nearby town of Cessnock to support the local community, and Ms Moore said discussions are under way to fundraise for the victims' families.

Mr Button is also a Hunter Valley local, and is clearly hurting along with the victims' relatives, a magistrate said when he faced court on Tuesday morning.

"I see before me a man suffering," Magistrate Robyn Richardson said, granting him bail.

The Cessnock Local Court heard Mr Button had committed seven driving offences over the past 30 years, but did not have a criminal record.

Prime Minister Anthony Albanese on Tuesday said the "horrific tragedy" had rocked the country, particularly because people "associate weddings with love and... celebrations".

"Of course, the scars will last for such a long, long period of time," he told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.

The crash site was "still an active crime scene", police said on Monday, with forensics officers working through the wreckage.

The Hunter Valley in NSW is known for its vineyards and native bushland, making it a popular spot for wine lovers and group outings or celebrations.

The daffodils were in a display marked "seasonal favourites" alongside spring onions

Marks & Spencer has apologised after displaying daffodils alongside spring onions in one of its stores.

The flowers, which can be poisonous if eaten, were displayed in the fruit and veg aisle under a "seasonal favourites" banner.

Botanist and presenter James Wong drew attention to the display on Twitter, warning that eating daffodils "is like swallowing a box of tiny needles".

An M&S spokesperson said it was a "genuine error in one of our stores".

Daffodil stems, which are widely sold in supermarkets at this time of year, can bear a resemblance to some vegetables at first glance.

Public Health England wrote to retailers in 2015 warning about the potentially nasty consequences if there was a mix-up with how they are labelled.

It said they contain toxic alkaloids which can cause severe vomiting, noting 27 poisoning cases in the previous year.

Health officials believe daffodil poisoning led to 10 hospitalisations in Bristol in 2012 because of their similarity to a chive used in Chinese cooking.

Mr Wong said the error was originally spotted by his mum, who took a picture of the display.

He said the poisoning caused by accidentally eating them can be "excruciating" and urged M&S to improve training for staff.

Responding to him on Twitter, an M&S spokesperson said: "We have contacted the store and the signage has been updated and onions moved.

"As a precaution we're reminding all stores to make sure the flowers are displayed properly", they added.

"Customer safety is our priority and all daffodils have an on-pack warning that they are not safe to consume."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Heavy Conservative local election losses represent a "clear rejection" of Rishi Sunak in his first electoral test as prime minister, Labour has said.

Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer claimed his party was on course to win the next general election, expected next year.

The Tories lost 48 councils and more than 1,000 councillors across England in Thursday's polls, exceeding their worst predictions.

Many Tories were angry at the scale of the losses, with some blaming Mr Sunak.

Labour says it is now the largest party in local government, surpassing the Tories for the first time since 2002.

"The British public has sent a clear rejection of a prime minister who never had a mandate to begin with," a Labour spokesperson said.

The Liberal Democrats had what their leader Sir Ed Davey said was their "best result in decades", taking control of 12 councils, mostly in Tory heartlands. The party gained 405 new councillors, compared with Labour's 536 gains.

The Green Party gained 241 seats - their best-ever result in local elections - and gained its first majority on an English council, in Mid-Suffolk, although they were overtaken as the biggest party by Labour in Brighton and Hove.

Mr Sunak admitted the results were "disappointing", but said he did not detect "a massive groundswell of movement towards the Labour Party or excitement for its agenda".

Sir Keir claimed the "fantastic" results showed his party was well placed to oust the Tories from government in a general election, expected next year.

"Make no mistake, we are on course for a Labour majority at the next general election," he told cheering activists in Medway in Kent, one of the councils his party has wrested from the Tories.

Labour won control of councils in areas that will be crucial battlegrounds in the general election, including Medway, Swindon, Plymouth, Stoke-on-Trent, and East Staffordshire.

The BBC's projected national vote share put Labour on 35%, the Tories on 26% and the Lib Dems on 20%.

Labour's projected nine-point lead represents its largest over the Conservatives on this measure since the party lost power in 2010.

Sir John Curtice, the polling expert, said this year's results were "only a little short of calamitous for the Conservatives".

But the BBC's political editor, Chris Mason, said the results suggested it would be hard for either the Conservatives or Labour to be confident of winning a majority at the next general election.

Labour shadow cabinet member Peter Kyle denied the results, which saw the Lib Dems gain nearly as many new councillors as Labour, was an anti-government, rather than a pro-Labour, vote.

He told BBC Radio 4's Today programme the results showed Labour had won back support in "key places" and would win an outright majority at the general election, without needing to do deals with other parties.

"In all of the areas that the Labour Party targeted, that we focused resources, that we really wanted to reconnect to voters, we did so."

He added that Sir Keir Starmer had "led from the front" and Labour had run a "disciplined" campaign, which showed it was "moving towards government."

In Swindon, where Labour took control of the borough council for the first time in 20 years, ousted Tory council leader David Renard blamed "the cost of living and the performance of the government in the last 12 months" for his party's woes locally.

Mr Renard said although the prime minister had "started to stabilise things", for voters in Swindon "what had gone on before that was something that they didn't like".

David Renard, Swindon's former council leader, who lost his own seat

The Conservative mayor of the Tees Valley, Ben Houchen, who is up for election next year, said the poor Tory performance was a partly a result of "the turmoil and upheaval of the last 12 months".

He said Labour had been "successful in making this a referendum on the government", adding "people don't feel like they can vote for us".

Nigel Churchill, a former Tory councillor who lost his seat on Plymouth Council - another Labour target - said "I think we can safely say" the Conservatives will lose the next general election.

"The general public do not trust them at the moment," he said.

But Education Minister Robert Halfon said this year's local elections were always "going to be difficult" for his party.

He said internal party divisions "didn't help", but claimed the losses were down to external factors, such as the cost-of-living crisis and problems in the NHS.

"Every government during the mid-term, especially a government that has been in power for 13 years, always suffers losses in local elections," he said.

Other Tory MPs told the BBC that apathy - Conservative voters staying at home - was also a big problem for the party.

The seats up for grabs were mostly on district councils, responsible for services including bin collections, parks, public housing and planning applications.

The rest of the elections were for a mixture of metropolitan and unitary councils - single local authorities that deal with all local services - and for four mayors.

The elections were the first in England to see voter ID checks at polling stations. Some voters told the BBC they were turned away from polling stations, prompting critics to call for the ID rules to be dropped.

The latest episode of Bluey shown in Australia showed Bluey's father weighing himself in their bathroom

An episode of a popular children's television programme has been edited amid claims of "fat-shaming".

The latest instalment of Bluey, which was broadcast on ABC in Australia, showed the title character's parents complaining about their weight.

Critics said the show could lead to young viewers developing worries about their own bodies.

An ABC spokesperson said the episode had been edited and the new version would be distributed globally.

Bluey, about a puppy and her family, is shown on ABC, Disney+ and BBC children's channel CBeebies.

The episode, Exercise, begins with Bluey's father, Bandit, weighing himself while Bluey is in the bath.

"Oh man ... I just need to do some exercise," Bandit says.

"Tell me about it," Bluey's mother, Chilli, replies.

Bandit looks at himself in the mirror, holding his sides.

"Why don't you just do some exercise?" Bluey asks.

The edited programme goes on to show Bluey's father exercising in the garden

That section of the show has now been cut after some parents and health experts raised concerns on social media about body-shaming.

Some said they did not want their children to see adults being dissatisfied with the shape of their bodies, and only using exercise to lose weight.

But others said it was an over-reaction to an episode that promoted the value of exercise.

A spokesperson for ABC told the BBC: "The recent episode of Bluey, Exercise, has been republished by the ABC following a decision by the makers of the programme. The new version provides families with the opportunity to manage important conversations in their own way.

"As the home of Bluey, the ABC supports the decision to re-edit the program and we have updated the episode on our platforms.

"BBC Studios will use this revised version for global distribution and also support this decision."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The decision was welcomed by Dr Laura Renshaw-Vuillier, a senior lecturer at Bournemouth University and an expert on eating disorders and mental illness.

"I think it's extremely important that we have discussions around healthy eating and exercise, but more from a health perspective rather than from a fat-shaming perspective," she told BBC News.

"I did not see that episode, but I like how Bandit is so playful with his kids, and I think that if they can promote a way of doing exercise for fun rather than to lose weight it's great."

Dr Elina Telford, a child and adolescent clinical psychologist, said it was not possible to predict how the Bluey episode could affect children.

But she added: "It is reasonable to conclude that it is likely to have been unhelpful to at least some children and young people who internalise such messages and use their body weight and shape as a way to measure their own self worth.

"It is important to add that out relationship to body image, food, exercise and health are highly complex, and simplification of these difficulties maintain unhelpful and often derogating narratives about what it means to be different shapes and sizes."

She added: "I am pleased that ABC heard the concern of the public and acted accordingly. In my opinion, their response isn't censorship, it's responsible and responsive broadcasting and that at least, is one thing to be celebrated."

The Emmy-award winning Bluey is a huge international success and is broadcast in more than 60 countries including the UK, the US and China.

It was streamed for more than 20 billion minutes on Disney+ in the US last year, putting it in the country's top 10 streaming programmes for minutes viewed.

Bluey was co-commissioned by ABC and BBC Studios - the commercial arm of the BBC - in 2017 and is made by Australian production company Ludo.

The ABC has broadcast rights in Australia and the BBC has broadcast and commercial rights internationally.

The court heard that Mr Afriyie's arms had been folded when he was Tasered

A youth worker Tasered after being stopped by police while driving through central London in April 2018 has lost a High Court damages fight.

Edwin Afriyie, who is in his mid-30s, said he suffered head, back and leg injuries during the incident in King William Street.

Mr Afriyie took legal action against the City of London Police and made a misfeasance allegation.

Police disputed his claims and a judge ruled against him on Friday.

A barrister representing Mr Afriyie, who lives in Hayes, west London, said the Tasering was not in response to any "identified threat".

David Hughes said the police's use of Tasers should be proportionate and lawful and suggested that their authority had been wrongfully exercised.

Mr Afriyie is black, but the judge said he had not "advanced a claim" under equality legislation nor sought to argue that officers' treatment of him was "motivated by his race".

She had watched police bodycam footage showing Mr Afriyie being Tasered after officers said he was being arrested for not providing a breath sample.

Mr Afriyie, who has not been charged with a driving offence arising from the incident, was standing with his arms folded when he was hit and footage, available online, showed him falling backwards, landing with his head on a step and his body on the pavement.

She said police had proved that a police constable "honestly believed" that the use of the Taser was "necessary".

The judge added that the belief was "objectively reasonable".

"Mr Hughes submitted that I should find as a fact that nothing was about to happen that necessitated the use of force," she said.

"He may be right that nothing would, in fact, have happened had the Taser not been discharged.

"However what matters is whether [the officer's] belief in what might happen, so as to justify the use of the Taser, was objectively reasonable."

Mrs Justice Hill had also overseen a trial of the same case at the High Court last year but fell ill and was unable to complete it.

It was reported elsewhere that Mr Afriyie is considering an appeal.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

David Goodwillie has said he would be willing to face a criminal trial

Prosecutors have been asked to consider re-opening criminal proceedings against David Goodwillie.

The Crown Office dropped rape charges against the former Scotland international in 2011 after it said there was "insufficient evidence".

Goodwillie was ruled to be a rapist in a civil case but said recently he would be willing to face a criminal trial.

A lawyer representing victim Denise Clair told BBC Scotland they have asked prosecutors to re-examine the case.

Thomas Ross KC, who has written to the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service (COPFS), said he would also explore options for a private prosecution.

Goodwillie would be able to object to a future criminal case because he was given an assurance he would not be prosecuted again after the case was dropped in 2011, according to Mr Ross.

But speaking out earlier this month for the first time since the 2017 civil case, the footballer told the Anything Goes podcast he would be willing to go to a criminal court to clear his name.

Mr Ross told BBC Scotland that the case was one of the biggest miscarriages of justice in the last 12 or 13 years.

"A woman feels she was really badly let down by the Crown Office in 2011.

"We also on the other hand have a young man who says his career has been blighted because of that decision and all I'm saying to the Crown Office is well let's have a look at it.

"If she wants to go to the criminal court and he wants to go to the criminal court, why don't we go?"

A COPFS spokesperson said: "We understand that the decision not to prosecute continues to cause great upset to Ms Clair.

"The solicitor general, on behalf of the law officers, will consider the points raised by Ms Clair's legal representatives."

Goodwillie's podcast appearance was released days after he turned out for ninth-tier side Glasgow United FC in a friendly match.

Rape Crisis Scotland said the club had sent a "clear message of disregard" to survivors of rape and sexual violence, while Glasgow City Council has threatened to bar the club from its training facility if it signs the former Dundee United, Aberdeen and Blackburn player.

Glasgow United FC has not confirmed if Goodwillie has been signed.

The club told BBC Scotland they would not walk away from the player and said there had been a "witch hunt" against him.

Glasgow United FC have been warned by the council over access to their training facility

In 2017, Goodwillie and former Dundee United teammate David Robertson were ordered to pay £100,000 in damages after a judge ruled they raped Ms Clair at a flat in Armadale, West Lothian, in 2011.

Neither faced a criminal trial over the rape accusation after prosecutors said there was not enough evidence.

Robertson retired from football aged 30 in the days after the ruling, while Goodwillie left English side Plymouth Argyle by "mutual agreement".

However, the forward soon signed with Scottish League One side Clyde, who he played for more than 100 times and captained before leaving in 2022.

Raith Rovers sparked outrage by signing Goodwillie in January 2022 and a loan move back to Clyde also collapsed.

Rape Crisis Scotland described the Raith Rovers move as another "clear message of disregard" to survivors of rape and sexual violence.

The forward was released without playing a game in September 2022, with Raith Rovers admitting it "got it wrong" by signing him.

In February this year, Northern Premier League side Radcliffe FC, based in Bury, Greater Manchester, released the striker after one game following a public outcry.

Four months later, Goodwillie's contract with Australian semi-professional club Sorrento FC was rescinded. The club apologised to anyone "that may have been caused offence by his signing".

Partygate investigator Sue Gray was offered a job as Keir Starmer's chief of staff in March

Sir Keir Starmer says he is confident that former senior civil servant Sue Gray has not broken any rules in talking to Labour about a role.

Ms Gray was offered a job as the Labour leader's chief of staff in March.

Sir Keir also said he did not have any discussions with Ms Gray while she was investigating former PM Boris Johnson.

The Cabinet Office will update MPs later on its investigation into the circumstances around her resignation with a written statement.

The report is not expected to be the final judgement on Ms Gray's departure, which will come from the independent Advisory Committee on Business Appointments (Acoba).

The watchdog is to recommend how long Ms Gray, who probed lockdown gatherings in Downing Street, should wait before being allowed to take up the job with Labour.

Sir Keir accused the government of using the issue to try and deflect from the local election campaign, saying it should be focusing on the cost-of-living crisis instead.

"[The public are] not sitting at their breakfast talking about Sue Gray, they're talking about their bills," he told BBC Breakfast.

Asked whether Ms Gray had broken any code of conduct, Sir Keir said: "Firstly I had no discussions with her whilst she was investigating Boris Johnson whatsoever."

He added: "I'm confident she hasn't broken any of the rules."

Under the civil service code, officials of Ms Gray's seniority must wait a minimum of three months before taking up outside employment.

Senior civil servants, as well as ministers, are expected to check with Acoba about any employment they wish to take within two years of leaving government.

The body provides advice and can recommend a delay of up to two years in starting a new job, but it has no power to block appointments.

However, Labour has said the party and Ms Gray will abide by its recommendations.

A long delay could hamper attempts to have Ms Gray in place well before the next general election, which is widely expected next year, to help Labour prepare for government if it wins power.

Cabinet Office Minister Jeremy Quin has previously said Ms Gray's talks with Labour may have breached civil service rules, including the requirement to inform Acoba before a job offer is announced, and to clear contact with opposition parties with ministers.

Ms Gray became well known after she was chosen to look into the Partygate scandal last year.

She has held a number of senior positions, including head of the government's propriety and ethics team, since joining the civil service in the 1970s.

Ms Gray resigned from the post of second permanent secretary in the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities in March, after it emerged she had been offered a job with Labour.

Labour has insisted it did not approach Ms Gray until after her Partygate report was published.

Bur Mr Johnson and his allies have seized on Labour's job offer to claim Ms Gray's investigation when he was in power was an attempt to smear him.

Her report was critical of the senior political and civil service leadership, saying they "must bear responsibility" for the culture at No 10 during Covid lockdowns.

It contributed to Mr Johnson's downfall as prime minister, prompting numerous Conservative MPs to call on him to resign.

The Duke of Sussex has told a court he is suing the publisher of the Daily Mirror to stop "absolute intrusion and hate" towards him and his wife.

Prince Harry was giving evidence against Mirror Group Newspapers (MGN) over illegal newsgathering claims, including phone hacking.

He was choked-up as he finished giving evidence for a second day, and said it had been "a lot".

MGN denies it used illegal methods to gather stories about the prince.

At London's High Court, the prince explained he started discussions about possible legal action after a chance-meeting in France in 2018 with David Sherborne, now his barrister.

The prince said before then he had no concerns over any particular newspaper stories due to unlawful activity because it "was all contained in the Palace".

When asked about his discussions with lawyers after that chance meeting with Mr Sherborne, Prince Harry said he had wanted to put a stop to the "absolute intrusion and hate that was coming towards" him and the Duchess of Sussex.

He said he also wanted to "see if there was any way to find a different course of action, rather than relying on the Institution's way".

But in cross-examination, Andrew Green KC, the lawyer representing the publisher of the Mirror, Sunday Mirror and The People, suggested Harry had not found a single story that came from phone hacking.

Harry replied "there is hard evidence to suggest an incredible amount of suspiciousness" over how stories were sourced and he believed burner phones were used "extensively", referring to phones that can be disposed of so no records are kept.

Prince Harry alleges about 140 articles published between 1996 and 2010 - from his childhood into early adulthood - contained information gathered using unlawful methods, with a sample of 33 stories written about him being considered by the civil court.

Many of the stories the prince claimed were obtained illegally concerned his relationship with his ex-girlfriend Chelsy Davy.

In a 2006 Sunday People article Ms Davy was said to have been "screaming for half an hour" at him on the phone and "blew her top" over his visit to a Spearmint Rhino lap dancing club in Berkshire.

Chelsy Davy and Prince Harry were in an on-off relationship between 2004 and 2010

Asked where he thought the information on her screaming had come from, the prince said: "At this point, knowing that my girlfriend's number was bizarrely in the hands of Mirror journalists, that they probably looked through her call data and saw missed calls, late calls… and managed to put together a story based on that."

"It was very suspicious that they had her number," he added, and he did not believe she would have given the Mirror Group or any journalists her phone number.

The prince told the court he once found a tracking device on Ms Davy's car at a time when the press were reporting on what was described as a "make-or-break" holiday for the couple.

He also highlighted another article in The People in 2007 which reported a "Palace source" saying the couple had been having "monumental" rows and their relationship was "in crisis after a string of bitter bust-ups". Again he said it was "incredibly suspicious" as he had never discussed his relationship with the Palace.

Mr Green responded by saying we are in the "land of total speculation about where this information might have come from".

The couple broke up in 2010 after a six-year on-off relationship. She attended the prince's wedding to Meghan in Windsor in 2018.

The prince was also asked about The People publishing photographs of the prince, a friend Mark Dyer and the late TV presenter Caroline Flack meeting up.

At the time he suspected one of his friends had leaked the details after they were confronted by photographers. In turn this led him and his brother William to stop talking to Mr Dyer for some time afterwards.

However he said: "I now believe the information came from our voicemails… Even those I trusted the most, I ended up doubting."

Asked how he would react if the court concluded that he had never been hacked by any MGN journalist, Harry said that he had been hacked on an "industrial scale" and he would "feel some injustice" if he did not win the trial.

After Prince Harry's evidence concluded, he stayed to see the Daily Mirror's former royal correspondent Jane Kerr give her evidence.

She had been a royal reporter for the newspaper and later royal correspondent for a decade up to 2007 and wrote a number of the articles under scrutiny in the case.

In her written witness statement, she denied voicemail hacking or using private investigators to carry out unlawful information gathering.

Asked about her use of private investigators, Ms Kerr told the court she had "no reason to believe" details for stories had been obtained unlawfully.

"These were people who were well known to the news desk, I did not think there was anything wrong with using them," she said.

Three other people are also bringing claims against MGN in this case - Coronation Street actors Michael Turner, known professionally as Michael Le Vell, and Nikki Sanderson, as well as Fiona Wightman, the ex-wife of comedian Paul Whitehouse.

The claimants allege unlawful methods were used to obtain information for stories and say senior executives must have known about it and failed to stop it, which MGN denies.

The publisher has either denied or not admitted each of the claims. MGN also argues that some of the claimants have brought their legal action too late.

A major multi-agency search is under way for Ausra Plungiene who was last seen on Tuesday morning

More than 60 rescue team volunteers have resumed the search across Eryri for a missing dog walker.

Ausra Plungiene, 56, from Prestatyn, Denbighshire, set off with her black Swedish lapphund in the mountains above the Conwy Valley on Tuesday morning.

The search was paused at 20:00 BST on Wednesday, but resumed on Thursday.

Two possible sightings were also being investigated, North Wales Police said, with a senior officer adding that the search area was almost 14 sq miles.

The force said Ms Plungiene is an experienced mountain walker who was well equipped for the conditions.

Specially trained officers are supporting her family as the search across the national park - also known as Snowdonia - continues.

Supt Owain Llewellyn said: "We are desperately concerned about Ausra's wellbeing, as are her family.

"A large search involving several organisations has been taking place all day in the mountains above Rowen until we lost the light in the evening.

"Sixty-five volunteers, including members of the RAF Mountain Rescue Service, had been out on the hills "in some extremely challenging conditions.

"The search area now extends to 36 sq km, a huge area which is providing a real challenge to the team.

"The search is focusing on the mountain area south of Rowen in the Conwy Valley sort of heading towards Llwellyn and encompassing a number of mountain peaks there.

"It's an absolutely horrendous situation for the family."

Video posted on Twitter showed snow and ice on the ground and strong winds in the area on Wednesday.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Gareth Wyn Jones This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Farmer Gareth Wyn Jones, who captured the video of a search helicopter over the mountains on Wednesday, said: "The last few days has been pretty bad, the night the lady went missing was cold and wet, with hailstones, but the morning after I was taking the lambs onto the heft and this almighty storm storm came.

"I had to look for shelter and the snow that was landing on me was freezing on me. So the conditions up there, even higher up where she was missing, would be even worse," he said.

"It does make people worry for her safety even [if] she is well prepared. This place is massive - it's 27,000 acres of open mountain, and it is literally like looking for a needle in a haystack."

"This place is massive - it's 27,000 acres of open mountain, and it is literally like looking for a needle in a haystack," farmer Mr Jones said

Local residents in Prestatyn said they hoped Ms Plungiene would be found soon.

"It's a long time to go missing, it was so cold and windy last night. I hope and pray they find her, bless her," Joan Castle said.

Mal Edwards said recent bad weather and high winds had added to the concern for Ms Plungiene.

"The last couple of nights have been quite stormy. I do know it does get to minus zero temperatures with the wind chill factor, so that is quite worrying," he said.

A car believed to be that of Ausra Plungiene was found by police near Rowen, Conwy on Wednesday

Ausra Plungiene's car was found in a mountain car park in Bwlch-y-ddeufaen shortly after midnight on Wednesday.

Police are investigating two possible sightings of her and her dog, called Eyora, in the Carneddau mountains on Tuesday.

"The thoughts of all the teams are with Ausra's family and friends at this very difficult time."

It is believed Ms Plungiene may have been wearing a dark pink or purple padded jacket, black leggings and blue shoes.

Officers are appealing for anyone who may have been walking in that area on Tuesday with a dog to get in touch, so they can can rules these sightings out of their enquiries.

Ms Plungiene left her home in Prestatyn, Denbighshire with her Swedish lapphund on Tuesday morning

The team is also investigating possible leads from a hillwalking app Ms Plungiene often uses to log her mountain routes.

Supt Llewellyn urged people not to conduct their own searches due to the poor weather conditions.

Harvey Evans, 15, and Kyrees Sullivan, 16, died in a bike crash on Monday

A police watchdog has appealed for witnesses who saw the moments before a fatal crash involving two boys in Ely.

The crash sparked a riot in the Cardiff suburb on Monday leading to nine arrests and 15 officers being injured.

The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) said it had already carried out "extensive" house-to-house enquiries in the local area.

The IOPC also said its investigation would be impartial and independent of the South Wales Police force.

The exact circumstances of the deaths of Kyrees Sullivan,16, and Harvey Evans,15, have not been established.

Reports on social media suggested the police were chasing the pair, who were riding together on an electric bike shortly before the collision.

CCTV footage later released showed a police van following the boys minutes before they died on Snowden Road at 18:00 BST.

On Wednesday, South Wales Police confirmed its officers had been following the teenagers prior to their deaths, but refused to answer further questions about it, citing an ongoing IOPC investigation.

A riot broke out in the Cardiff suburb shortly after the boys died in a collision

So far, CCTV is being gathered and the investigating officers are reviewing initial accounts from the police officers involved.

They will also investigate:

Director of the IOPC David Ford said: "Our investigators have been conducting enquiries and securing evidence in the immediate vicinity of where the events took place, speaking to local residents, distributing leaflets and gathering as much relevant information as possible.

"I am truly grateful for the co-operation and assistance we have received from people within the local community.

"We would welcome anyone we haven't yet spoken to yet, who believes they have footage or witnessed anything relevant between 5.35pm and 6.10pm on Monday, to come forward to us.

Cars were set on fire on Monday evening

"We are working hard to establish the exact circumstances of what took place in the period leading up to the collision.

"I would like to reassure everyone in the community that our work will be thorough, impartial, and independent of the police."

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Last updated on .From the section European Football

Kylian Mbappe scored a club record 201st goal for Paris St-Germain in an entertaining 4-2 win over Nantes.

He had to wait until the 92nd minute but was clinical as he turned to finish left-footed and go clear of Edinson Cavani at the top of the PSG goal list.

The France forward, who turned 24 in December, has established himself as a footballing superstar.

"I play to make history," said Mbappe, who joined in 2017 initially on loan from Monaco before a 180m euros move.

"I have always said I wanted to make history in France, in the capital of my country, in my city, and I am doing that. It's magnificent, but there is still a lot to be done."

Mbappe finished the game as captain and told Canal Plus: "For me, as a native Parisian, this is special. If someone had said to me I would score the goal to beat the record while wearing the captain's armband, I would not have believed it."

The Frenchman has played at two World Cup finals, winning the trophy in 2018 and earning the Golden Boot as top scorer in 2022.

Mbappe, who also won the 2021 Nations League with his country, scored a hat-trick in December's World Cup final against Argentina, which France lost on penalties after a 3-3 draw.

Since joining PSG from Monaco in 2017 for a world-record fee for a teenager, Mbappe has won four Ligue 1 titles and topped the division's scoring charts for each of the past four seasons.

This season, the forward has now scored 30 goals and made eight assists - taking his total to 85 for the club in 247 games.

PSG went 2-0 up at the Parc des Princes with Lionel Messi opening the scoring before Jaouen Hadjam's own goal.

However, Nantes came back to level before half-time thanks to goals from Ludovic Blas and Ignatius Ganago, with PSG goalkeeper Gianluigi Donnarumma caught out at his near post for the first and making a fumble that led to the second.

Mbappe crossed for Danilo Pereira to head the home side back in front on the hour mark before his crowning moment came late in the game.
• None Attempt saved. Mostafa Mohamed (Nantes) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assisted by Fabien Centonze.
• None Goal! Paris Saint Germain 4, Nantes 2. Kylian Mbappé (Paris Saint Germain) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Timothée Pembélé.
• None Attempt blocked. Lionel Messi (Paris Saint Germain) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
• None Attempt blocked. Kylian Mbappé (Paris Saint Germain) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Carlos Soler.
• None Attempt saved. Kylian Mbappé (Paris Saint Germain) right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Vitinha.
• None Attempt saved. Kylian Mbappé (Paris Saint Germain) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top right corner.
• None Attempt missed. Ignatius Ganago (Nantes) left footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Fabien Centonze with a cross. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page

Nigel Lawson was synonymous with the economic boom of the 1980s - but also some of the pain that followed

Nigel Lawson, who has died at 91, presided over the economic boom of the 1980s that came to define the Thatcher government.

A reforming chancellor, he set out to reduce taxation and encourage growth which saw him leave office with the country's budget in surplus.

He was a leading figure in the drive to privatise a number of state-owned companies.

In later life, he caused controversy with his outspoken attacks on the concept of man-made climate change.

Nigel Lawson was born on 11 March 1932 into a non-orthodox Jewish family in Hampstead, north London, the son of a tea merchant.

His grandfather, Gustav Leibson, had emigrated from Latvia, becoming a British citizen in 1914. He anglicised the family name to Lawson in June 1925.

The young Nigel followed his father's footsteps to Westminster School before going to Oxford from where he graduated with a first-class honours degree in philosophy, politics and economics.

After completing his national service in the Royal Navy, where he commanded a fast patrol boat, he went into journalism.

He began on the Financial Times, where he wrote the Lex column before moving to the Sunday Telegraph where he became City editor.

In 1966, Lawson became editor of the Spectator magazine. He trod a fairly liberal line, including opposition to the war in Vietnam. He also made regular appearances as a pundit and interviewer on BBC television.

He unsuccessfully contested the Labour seat of Eton and Slough in the 1970 general election, eventually entering Parliament as member for the Conservative stronghold of Blaby, now known as South Leicestershire, in February 1974.

With Ted Heath losing that election, Lawson found himself on the opposition benches.

As a Conservative whip, he struck up an unlikely alliance with Labour left-wingers Jeff Rooker and Audrey Wise, to amend the 1977 budget to index-link tax thresholds to prevent them being eroded by the then high rates of inflation.

When Margaret Thatcher entered Downing Street in May 1979, Lawson was appointed financial secretary to the Treasury.

He worked with Geoffrey Howe before replacing him in the Treasury

He quickly demonstrated his energy and thirst for reform, playing a leading part in the government's abolition of exchange controls, which led to a free movement of currency to and from the UK.

In September 1981, he was promoted to energy secretary, where he was immediately thrown into conflict with the miners' unions.

Losses in the coal industry, due to uneconomic pits, were rising but he was aware that any attempt to tackle this would see a repeat of the miners' strike that had brought down the Heath government

Under Lawson's leadership, the government stockpiled coal and converted some coal-burning power stations to oil, moves which were crucial in the government's eventual victory over the mining unions.

Lawson also laid the foundations for the privatisation of British Gas, British Airways and British Telecom. "We are seeing the birth of people's capitalism," he said.

Following the Conservative election victory in 1983, Lawson replaced Geoffrey Howe as chancellor and immediately set out on a wide-ranging programme of tax reform.

There were changes to corporate tax in the 1984 Budget, while a year later he signalled a move from direct to indirect taxation by reducing national insurance contributions for the lower paid and increasing the scope of VAT.

During his period in office, the basic rate of income tax was lowered to 25% while the top rate came down from 60% to 40%. Lawson also turned a budget deficit of £10.5bn when he took office to a surplus of £4.1bn when he resigned in 1989.

On 27 October 1986 came the deregulation of London's financial markets, dubbed the Big Bang. While this strengthened the City of London as an economic powerhouse, Lawson later conceded that it did pave the way for the global financial crisis of 2007 by loosening the restrictions on the ability of banks to lend.

During Lawson's time at the Treasury, unemployment continued to fall but inflation began to rise, due, as Lawson later admitted, to his failure to keep a tight grip on interest rates,

"I should have tightened monetary policy at an earlier stage," he later said.

He was a fierce opponent of the European Economic Community's move towards monetary union. "It is clear that implies political union," he said. "The United States of Europe. That is simply not on the agenda."

But despite his success, his relationship with the prime minister was deteriorating. He opposed the introduction of the community charge, or poll tax as it came to be known, but was over-ruled by Thatcher.

He also fell out with the prime minister's financial guru, Sir Alan Walters.

Margaret Thatcher turned to Sir Alan Walters for economic advice - putting strain on her relationship with her chancellor

When a public row erupted over his continued support for the exchange rate mechanism Lawson finally resigned in October 1989 and was replaced by John Major.

His was the second longest tenure of a chancellor in the 20th Century after David Lloyd George.

His sudden departure, followed closely by that of Walters, raised questions about the government's financial policies and was seen by many as the beginning of the end of Margaret Thatcher's term in office.

In 1992, he was created Baron Lawson of Blaby. By this time, he had gone on a crash diet, his familiar portly figure reduced by five stone, and published the Nigel Lawson Diet Book.

In 2004, he re-emerged as a fierce critic of the concept of man-made climate change. He was one of six signatories to a letter condemning the Kyoto Protocol, which committed countries to reduce carbon emissions.

He followed this up in 2008 with a book entitled, An Appeal to Reason: A Cool Look at Global Warming, a work which one critic described as "largely one of misleading messages".

In later years he became a fierce critic of the concept of man-made climate change

"There is a lot in this debate that is about playing the man not the ball," he complained.

He went on to form a think tank, the Global Warming Policy Foundation, to continue to challenge the widely accepted scientific consensus on the issue.

"The policy of this government," he said in 2010, "is crazy and damaging. It is complete nonsense to say that carbon dioxide is a pollutant - it is not."

Always a Eurosceptic, Lawson backed the UK leaving the European Union in the 2016 Brexit referendum, serving on the organising committee of the Vote Leave campaign group.

Lawson, who lived in France for many years, insisted that the UK was not turning its back on Europe but reasserting sovereignty that had been given away by successive governments, including the one he served in.

In what turned out to be his last speech in the Lords in April 2019, he suggested Parliament's "refusal to accept the people's judgement" was causing a damaging rift in the country.

"There is a real danger that undesirable but very often understandable insurrectionary forces will feel that they cannot trust the British Parliament or the British constitution, and a very ugly situation could well arise," he warned.

Lawson married Vanessa Salmon, whose family owned the Lyons Corner House firm, in 1955 and the couple had four children, including Dominic, who became a journalist, and Nigella, who found fame as a TV cook and food writer.

The couple divorced in 1980 and Lawson subsequently married Commons researcher Therese Maclear. The couple, who had two children together, separated in 2008.

The US government has ordered all non-emergency staff to leave the island

An American nurse and her child have been kidnapped in Haiti, according to a Christian aid charity she worked for.

Alix Dorsainvil was working in a community ministry near Port-au-Prince when she was taken, El Roi Haiti said in a statement.

The US State Department is aware of reports and is in "regular contact" with Haitian authorities.

Officials in Haiti have appealed to the international community to help break the grip of armed gangs on the country.

Ms Dorsainvil is understood to be the wife of El Roi Haiti's director and founder, Sandro Dorsainvil.

The age and gender of the child is not known.

"Alix is a deeply compassionate and loving person who considers Haiti her home and the Haitian people her friends and family," the statement from El Roi Haiti added.

The charity also said it was working to secure the pair's safe return.

The organisation has asked people to "refrain from speculating on social media about this situation in order to protect Alix and her child during this time".

The incident comes days after the US issued a level-four "do not travel" advisory because of kidnapping, crime, civil unrest, and 'poor health care infrastructure' on the island.

The US State Department ordered all non-emergency government personnel and their family members to leave Haiti.

Project Dynamo, a US veteran-led non-profit that evacuates American civilians from risky situations abroad, has said it will go to Haiti to evacuate Americans.

The poorest country in the Americas has been in political crisis since the assassination of President Jovenel Moise in 2021.

Gangs control around 80 percent of the capital, and violent crimes such as kidnappings and armed robbery are common.

Earlier this month, the UN Secretary-General, Antonio Guterres, called for the creation of a multinational force for Haiti.

Kenya has offered to take the lead, by offering 1,000 police officers to help train local law enforcement.

Any mission will be subject to a mandate from the UN Security Council, and formal authorisation from the Kenyan authorities.

Kenya's Foreign Minister Alfred Mutua said any potential multinational force's job would be to stabilise the situation on the ground and empower local authorities, as the people of Haiti have "suffered enough".

Speaking to the BBC's Newshour programme on Sunday, he added Kenya's main aim would be to train Haitian police to help reduce violence and allow humanitarian aid to reach civilians being "held hostage by gangs".

"We have decided to lead this process because we don't want to wait for others," Mr Mutua said.

The government does not want Sats tests to be "too hard for children", England's schools minister has said - after claims a Year 6 reading paper was so difficult it left pupils in tears.

Nick Gibb said the assessments had to "test a range of ability" but he would look at the paper because of the concerns.

He said he looked at the tests each year once they were publicly available.

There is no suggestion there will be any kind of formal review.

Last week, one head teacher said the reading test included some "GCSE-level" questions.

It has fuelled a debate among teachers and parents about the purpose of Sats.

The Department for Education (DfE) previously told BBC News that Sats were "designed to be challenging".

Ministers will not have access to the reading paper before it becomes publicly available next week.

Mr Gibb said the Standards and Testing Agency (STA) - which is part of the DfE - tested the paper last year "with a large group of children".

"They monitored the response of those children to the test, to the questions, they found that 85% [enjoyed] taking the test," he said.

He said Sats "do have to test a range of ability to make sure that we can show what proportion of children are exceeding the standard".

"But we don't want these tests to be too hard for children. That's not the purpose," he said.

"The purpose is to test the range of ability and the Standards and Testing Agency is charged with making sure that these tests are appropriate for this age group."

He added: "I will certainly look at this because I know that there has been concern expressed by some schools."

Standard Assessment Tests, or Sats, are tests that children take in Year 6, at the end of Key Stage 2. They are national curriculum assessments in English grammar, punctuation and spelling, English reading and maths.

The government's Standards and Testing Agency says the purpose of Sats tests are to:

Children also sit Sats in Year 2, at the end of Key Stage 1.

Last year, 59% of Year 6 pupils met the expected levels in reading, writing and maths - down from 65% in 2019.

The national curriculum tests were cancelled in 2020 and 2021, during the pandemic.

No service is running on any of the Tube lines

Londoners are facing widespread transport disruption as strike action halts the Underground.

Transport for London's (TfL) website shows no services are running on any Tube lines.

RMT and Aslef members are involved in a dispute over job cuts, pensions and conditions. The RMT said cuts were a "political decision".

TfL's chief operating officer Glynn Barton urged the unions to call off the action.

TfL says all Tube lines are affected but there is a good service on the Elizabeth Line, the Docklands Light Railway (DLR) and the London Overground.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. There is no service on the tube today due to strike action

However Tube station closures mean these services "will not be able to stop at those stations", and passengers intending to use some interchange stations may not be able to do so either.

Tram and bus services are also reported to be busier than normal.

Passengers are advised to allow more time for their journeys and check the latest information. People are also being encouraged to walk or cycle if they are able to.

Aslef are warning that more strike action could go ahead if negotiations fail

Aslef district organiser Finn Brennan told the BBC outside Brixton station that he is "genuinely sorry for the people affected."

"We are prepared to negotiate and talk about changes, but our members are rightly not prepared to accept change being imposed.

He added that further strikes are "very likely".

There have been seven London Underground strikes in the past 12 month, according to TfL.

Buses and trams were busier than usual

Tube and Elizabeth line services are expected to start much later than normal on Thursday morning due to the previous day's strike.

National rail strike action is also expected to have an impact in the capital on Thursday and into Friday morning, with an amended Elizabeth line timetable and possible further disruption to DLR, Elizabeth line and London Overground services.

Speaking at Prime Minister's Questions, Conservative MP for Harrow East, Bob Blackman asked Rishi Sunak if he would join him in condemning the strikes which he said "have brought misery to the travelling public", and also condemning London Mayor Sadiq Khan "for his failure to address this".

The prime minister said: "[Mr Blackman] is absolutely right about the misery being inflicted on Londoners by the incompetent running of TfL."

He said the mayor had received £6bn in additional funding for transport services, adding: "So for us to be in a situation that we find ourselves in today is simply unacceptable."

A spokesperson for the mayor of London said: "No one wants to see strikes and the disruption across the country this week is particularly bad news for many of the capital's businesses who are struggling with inflation and the cost of doing business.

"The mayor has repeatedly made clear that the government's insistence on including a review into pension reform as part of the emergency funding deal for TfL was unwarranted and had the potential to lead to this kind of industrial action."

The Elizabeth line is running with a good service but it is not stopping at every station

TfL's chief operating officer Glynn Barton apologised to customers and urged trade unions "to call off this action and continue to engage with us to avoid disruption to our customers".

But Mick Lynch, the RMT's general secretary, said: "Our members will never accept job losses, attacks on their pensions or changes to working conditions in order to pay for a funding cut which is the government's political decision."

He added staff "deserve decent pensions, job security and good working conditions, and the RMT will fight tooth and nail to make sure that's what they get".

A Department for Transport spokesperson said: "This government has committed over £6bn since the start of the pandemic to support London's transport network - how that money is spent is a decision for the mayor".

The Tube strike that has halted the network isn't about pay. The roots of it actually lie in the pandemic and the loss of passengers.

Then the government bailed out Transport for London (TfL) financially but there were strings attached.

Broadly TfL has to make £900m savings. Some 600 posts are being closed - the unions say that will leave stations with fewer staff which they say isn't safe.

TfL says passenger safety is always a priority. And the crucial issue: TfL has had to carry out a pension review.

Even carrying out the review has sparked the strikes, even though proposals for any change haven't been outlined. Changes will have to be agreed with the government.

Pensions are a red line for the unions and it is difficult to see how this will be resolved unless they stay as they are.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The airport suffered major disruption in 2018 after drone sightings

Operations at Gatwick Airport were disrupted after a suspected drone was seen close to the airfield.

A spokesman for the airport in West Sussex said operations were suspended temporarily just before13:45 BST but resumed about 50 minutes later.

He said 12 inbound aircraft were diverted to other airports during the incident but many were expected to return to Gatwick on Sunday.

Gatwick was shut for more than a day in December 2018 after drone sightings.

No-one was ever prosecuted over the incident that caused chaos for travellers, affecting more than 1,000 flights and about 140,000 passengers.

Since then, experts have been working on systems to prevent drones disrupting operations at major airports.

A spokesman for Gatwick said: "Passenger safety is the airport's absolute priority and - following established procedures - operations at London Gatwick were suspended temporarily at 13:44, while investigations into the sighting of a suspected drone close to the airfield took place.

"These investigations have now completed and the airfield reopened at 14:35."

British Airways said the disruption affected one of its flights, which landed at Stansted before refuelling and returning to Gatwick.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: A definitive timeline of the Titan's last moments

An investigation into the causes of the Titan submersible disaster has been opened by the US Coast Guard.

Chief investigator Cpt Jason Neubauer said its priority would be recovering debris, and precautions would be taken in case human remains are found.

Speaking on Sunday, he also said the investigation would be able to recommend civil or criminal charges.

The Titan was on a dive to the Titanic wreck on 18 June when it imploded, killing all five people on board.

Cpt Neubauer told reporters in Boston that the US Coast Guard had convened its highest level of investigation.

He said it would would try to establish what caused the disaster, and make recommendations to prevent future tragedies. He added that it would be run jointly with Canadian, UK and French authorities.

The investigation is currently in its initial phase and efforts to recover the wreckage of the sub are ongoing. So far, five major pieces have been found 3,800m (12,467ft) below the surface in a large debris field near the bow of the Titanic.

Cpt Neubauer said investigators would be taking "all precautions" if they discover human remains.

He said the investigation could lead to tougher regulations and safety recommendations for submersibles, but could not confirm how long it would take to complete.

Once all evidence has been collected, Cpt Neubauer said investigators would likely hold a formal hearing to get witness testimony.

He added that interviews were already being conducted in the Canadian city of St John's, where the Titan's support vessel, the Polar Prince launched and towed the submersible into the North Atlantic Ocean.

Canadian investigators boarded the support ship on Saturday as part of their own investigation into the disaster.

US Coast Guard Rear Admiral John Mauger, who also spoke to reporters, was asked about the cost of the search and rescue operation but declined to answer.

He said it was not policy to charge for search and rescue and the service does not put a cost on human life or rescuing people in the "dangerous environment" of the ocean, adding "we always answer the call".

"We conduct disciplined operations with warranted risk to put our resources and lives at risk to save others. That's who we are."

Mr Yousaf said he would struggle to see how the scheme could go ahead without glass

Humza Yousaf has said it is "very difficult" to see a future for Scotland's deposit return scheme if glass is not allowed to be included.

The first minister's deadline for UK ministers to remove the condition on its scheme for recycling cans and bottles is due to expire later.

He set the deadline in a letter to UK Prime Minister Rishi Sunak on Saturday.

But Circularity Scotland, the firm set up to run the scheme, has said it should still go ahead without glass.

Last week, the UK government approved a partial exemption to the Internal Market Act for the deposit scheme, but stipulated glass could not be part of it.

Circularity Scotland's programme director, Donald McCalman told the BBC "we absolutely believe the scheme is viable to launch" with aluminium and plastic containers only.

Mr McCalman said that if it was not delivered in Scotland it could make drinks producers think twice about backing a later UK-wide scheme.

The first minister said no final decision would be made until his cabinet met on Tuesday.

Mr Yousaf said he "would struggle to see how the scheme could go ahead if it doesn't include glass".

Speaking to a Scottish business forum event, he said he was "annoyed as well as upset" that the scheme had become a point of disagreement between the Scottish and UK governments.

And he told BBC Scotland he had yet to receive "even an acknowledgement" of his letter to Mr Sunak.

The Scottish government wants to include glass bottles in its plans

On Sunday, Scottish Secretary Alister Jack insisted the exclusion of glass remained a condition of their support.

But SNP deputy leader Keith Brown told the BBC's Good Morning Scotland programme that the scheme had been "sabotaged by the UK government."

He said: "The first minister will be hoping Rishi Sunak can bring some pressure to bear on Alister Jack to see some sense."

He added: "I think people are bemused at why the UK government is taking this approach.

"We know action has to be taken. It reduces by around a third the effectiveness of the scheme if you take out glass, so let's just get some common sense on the table."

Mr Brown accused the Scottish secretary of "scandalous" mis-representation for stating that the scheme would not be recycling glass, but crushing it and using it as aggregate for filling roads.

Circularity Scotland said a target of 90% for the remelting and reuse of glass would rise to 95% once the scheme was launched.

If it goes live as planned in March 2024, the deposit return scheme would see a 20p charge placed on drinks containers which would be refunded to consumers upon their return in a bid to increase recycling levels.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. In an interview on the BBC's The Sunday Show, Mr Jack strongly defended the UK government's position

The UK government has said deposit return schemes should be consistent across the UK.

Mr Jack said he had received more than 1,000 letters of concern from businesses about the Scottish DRS.

He said: "It's those concerns that we've taken into account when we've come to our conclusion because we believe the deposit charge should be the same and reciprocated across the UK.

"If I get off the train in Carlisle and buy some recyclable material and it's 10p in Carlisle and 20p in Dumfries, I double my money. That makes no sense."

In his letter to the prime minister, Mr Yousaf cited concerns raised by C&C Group - one of the country's biggest brewers and the company behind Tennent's Lager.

In correspondence Mr Jack received from the firm, seen by the BBC, the company said it had been "misrepresented" in passages from the letter that appeared in the media.

C&C added it was "actively seeking and supports a UK-wide scheme introduced at the same time across the four UK nations".

Keith Brown denied any knowledge of C&C's letter being leaked to the media.

Scottish Greens environment spokesman Mark Ruskell said on Monday that the DRS was now "on the brink" and there needed to be negotiation around the detail of the conditions set down by the UK government.

He said: "If the UK government continues to require the exclusion of glass, then clearly that will have an economic impact on the viability of the scheme.

"It will also have a very damaging impact on the environmental benefits of the scheme as well."

Scottish Conservative MSP Maurice Golden said the Scottish government had "made a dog's dinner of DRS from day one by refusing to heed the warnings of businesses and recklessly ploughing ahead with an unworkable scheme".

Michelle Rodriguez and Chris Pine star in the latest Hollywood adaptation of the role-playing game Dungeons & Dragons

Northern Ireland's epic and ancient scenery made it the perfect location to shoot a huge Hollywood blockbuster, one of the film's producers has said.

Dungeons & Dragons: Honour Among Thieves, based on the role-playing board game, is another addition to the long list of productions filmed here.

Jeremy Latcham said Northern Ireland had a timeless quality that was ideal.

Eagle-eyed, or rather dragon-eyed, viewers will be able to spot some familiar locations on the big screen.

The fantasy epic was filmed in Belfast's Titanic Studios throughout 2021 and in areas like Tollymore Forest, Carrickfergus Castle, Clandeboye Estate, Ballintoy Beach, Fairhead and Dunseverick Castle.

The film follows in the footsteps of television hits like Game of Thrones and Line of Duty, as well as other big screen blockbusters like The Northman - all of which which were shot in Northern Ireland.

Boasting a star-studded cast including Chris Pine, Michelle Rodriguez and Hugh Grant, the film depicts a charming thief and a band of unlikely adventurers undertaking an epic heist to retrieve a lost relic.

As well as showcasing the beauty of Northern Ireland to a global audience, the production generated an estimated £43m for the local economy, Northern Ireland Film has said.

More than 500 people worked behind the scenes on the movie.

"Northern Ireland has a film credit that is really incredible," producer Jeremy Latcham told BBC Radio Ulster's Evening Extra programme.

"The fact that big movies and big productions have shot here shows that this is a place that is welcoming of big movies.

"We were invited to come and check it out and consider it for the film, but it didn't take much convincing."

He said he had the privilege of living in Belfast for seven months during filming.

"It had everything we needed and everything we would could ever dream of needing in terms of filming locations and scenery.

"You needed something that really feels timeless and epic and Northern Ireland just has this ancient feel to it, like everything feels like it has been there for millennia."

Mr Latcham says one of his favourite experiences was seeing the Giant's Causeway from above on a helicopter trip

Mr Latcham said he was fortunate enough to take in the epic views on frequent helicopter trips to and from multiple shoot locations.

"We got to fly along the countryside and even fly over the Giant's Causeway from the air and it's one of the most beautiful sights you could ever imagine."

However, Mr Latcham told Evening Extra he got a little too close to some of the scenery while filming in a County Down forest.

"Tollymore Forest as well was amazing, there is a shot in the movie of this absolutely gorgeous light coming through the trees - but I remember I actually fell into a river there which was unfortunate.

"The film crew were actually quite worried because it looked like I had banged my head on the rocks, but I just jumped up, smiling and laughing because of my idiocy."

Tollymore Forest Park in County Down was one of the locations used on the production

Despite the unexpected swim, Mr Latcham said he thoroughly enjoyed his time in Northern Ireland.

"It was wild, it was a lot of fun and what a beautiful country - we just had the most fun filming there, and the people were so welcoming," he said.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Dozens of protesters gathered outside Stradey Park Hotel on Saturday

The UK government has "lost control" of the asylum system, a councillor has claimed.

On Friday, Carmarthenshire council failed in a High Court bid to stop Stradey Park Hotel, in Llanelli, being used to house up to 241 asylum seekers.

The Home Office said the plans were necessary and that the asylum system was under "incredible" strain.

It comes as dozens of protesters, for and against the plans, gathered outside the hotel on Saturday.

Local councillor Martyn Palfreman called on the UK government to "get a grip" of the asylum system - saying it had lost it.

Former racial equality commissioner Aled Edwards also said more work needed to be done in the community to to allay "irrational fears" and "address legitimate ones".

Maxson Kpakio, 45, is originally from Liberia but has lived in Swansea for 20 years, and came to Wales as an asylum seeker.

"I am an activist who advocates for social justice and peace. Where I see a group talking about peace and love, I am part of them," he said.

Maxson Kpakio said "asylum seeking is a right for everybody"

He was confronted at one point by protesters who oppose the asylum plan.

"I don't think it was necessary for any confrontation. It was the group from the other side who came to me, and asked me why I'm here, and I told them," he said.

"We had a frank conversation where I tried to educate them as well. Asylum seeking is a right for everybody."

Resident Helen Thomas, who is against the plans, said a lot of people in the community are scared, partly by how the issue has divided locals.

Ms Thomas said some people against the plan have been labelled racist, but said she has friends from many different backgrounds, adding: "I am not racist, I never have been."

Dozens of protesters gathered outside Stradey Park Hotel on Saturday

"My plea would be with the UK government to get a grip on an asylum system, which they have clearly lost the grip of," councillor Martyn Palfreman told BBC Radio Wales Breakfast.

"In terms of what happens next and the asylum seekers arrival in Llanelli, the honest answer is I don't know."

Police were called to the hotel on Friday after protesters blocked vehicles entering the site

"We've been told previously they will be arriving next week, we don't know any more details in terms of the composition of the group that will be arriving or exactly when they will be arriving," added Mr Palfreman.

The Labour councillor for the Hengoed ward of Llanelli added that his "real concern" is that the asylum seekers themselves will have anger directed towards them, which he hopes "doesn't happen".

Llanelli MP Dame Nia Griffith said she was very disappointed with the outcome of Friday's hearing.

"I think it's particularly upsetting for the residents who live closely to the hotel and whilst people have a right to their opinion I would actually beg them to be very considerate," she said.

"We need to work together with other countries to find solutions that will last... there has to be a really concerted effort to work internationally with partners so there are proper agreements."

Following Friday's hearing, council leader Darren Price said he was disappointed and that the authority would consider the judge's reasons on Monday.

The hotel has faced local opposition since it first announced the plans

Aled Edwards, the former commissioner for racial equality in Wales, said a conversation was needed with people in the community to allay "irrational fears" and "address legitimate ones".

"If we spend the time explaining to people what people's backgrounds are, what they can offer us, what they can bring us... I think it could become much better," he said.

"But there is a toxicity to the debate around the globe that is not good."

The Home Office said the number of people arriving in the UK in need of accommodation had reached record levels.

"The Home Office is committed to making every effort to reduce hotel use and limit the burden on the taxpayer," a spokesman said.

Victor Lee died from stab wounds, the Met Police said

A teenager who was fatally stabbed and then found in the Grand Union Canal in north west London has been named by police.

Victor Lee, 17, from Ealing, was pulled from the water near Scrubs Lane after police were called to reports of a stabbing on Sunday.

He was pronounced dead at the scene and a murder investigation was launched.

On Friday the Metropolitan Police arrested three teenagers, all on suspicion of murder.

The trio - aged 14, 15 and 17 - remain in custody at a south London police station, the Met added.

Police said a post-mortem examination held on Wednesday gave the cause of Victor's death as stab wounds.

Det Ch Insp Brian Howie continued to appeal for information and dashcam footage of anyone driving near Scrubs Lane between 17:15 and 18:15.

He added: "We are continuing to provide Victor's family with support during this traumatic time and our thoughts remain with them."

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The invading Russian forces damaged some 90% of residential buildings in Mariupol

Finding people willing to speak to me from Mariupol was never going to be easy.

After 10 months of Russian occupation, fear and distrust are the two most frequent responses I encountered when looking for someone who could tell me how things really are in Mariupol, in Ukraine's south-east.

"I think you are a Russian journalist. You won't like what I've got to say. People like you kill if you tell them the truth," said one social media user who claimed to be from the port city.

Russian forces put the people of Mariupol through a horrific months-long siege, before finally capturing it last May.

I eventually found three residents willing to speak to me at length: a local city councillor, a retired pensioner and an engineer. All spoke on condition of anonymity, fearing reprisals from the local authorities installed by Russia (who block access to occupied Ukraine by Western journalists).

They paint a picture of a massively expensive campaign conducted by Russia to win over the hearts and minds of the people of Mariupol, and rebuild a city damaged beyond recognition by Russia's own troops.

The purpose of this campaign is to assimilate Mariupol and make it Russia's own.

Their accounts corroborate each other, and are confirmed by social media posts about recent developments in Mariupol.

Before this war began about half a million people lived in the city.

According to UN estimates, 90% of residential buildings were damaged or destroyed, and 350,000 people were forced to leave after Russia attacked in February 2022.

Your device may not support this visualisation

It is difficult to estimate the exact number of people killed as a result of the relentless shelling of Mariupol, but Ukrainian authorities say more than 20,000 died there.

Russian-installed authorities in Mariupol say some 300,000 people are now living there.

The people who spoke to me from Mariupol said their city had been inundated with labourers from across Russia, as well as from Central Asia.

Oleg Morgun, the Russia-installed "mayor" of Mariupol, says some 70,000 of those currently in the city are construction workers and members of the Russian military.

New buildings have appeared and many buildings damaged during the bombardment have gone.

For example, the Russian military has built a whole new district comprised of a dozen apartment blocks in the western part of Mariupol. It is called Nevsky, after the River Neva, on which President Vladimir Putin's home city of St Petersburg stands. According to Russian state media, St Petersburg is the main sponsor of the reconstruction of Mariupol.

Russia is building new housing to replace what it destroyed

"It says on the bus: St Petersburg and Mariupol are twinned cities. There are slogans everywhere telling us that we're part of Russia now," pensioner Maria (not her real name) told me.

"I liked things the way they used to be. Now we live in fear. We have no idea what to expect."

In the houses that escaped relatively unscathed after months of fierce fighting, the Russians are replacing windows, radiators and sometimes heating and sewage pipes.

Heating, running water and electricity supplies have largely been restored. Buses are running and full of passengers again, although the electric trolley bus and tram networks are still out of action.

Many schools, hospitals and shops have reopened as well, although numerous traders are selling their wares straight from the pavement.

Maria was particularly impressed with one school rebuilt under Russian rule: "It's so beautiful, covered in multi-coloured squares." According to her, the number of children in Mariupol now is greater than schools can currently accommodate, so they have classes in two shifts: one in the morning, and another in the afternoon.

Russia has imposed its own Russian-language curriculum in occupied areas - complicating efforts to get children back to school.

Shops have reopened and power is back, but many traders are selling their wares on the pavement

The fast-paced rebuilding of Mariupol has provoked envy in Donetsk, the regional capital occupied by pro-Russian forces since 2014, which has been neglected by comparison.

The Russia-installed head of the so-called Donetsk People's Republic, Denis Pushilin, has even had to deny rumours that the capital will be moved to Mariupol.

There are other important ways in which Russia is putting its stamp on Mariupol.

For example, local residents are under pressure to obtain Russian passports.

Ivan, the Mariupol city councillor I spoke to (not his real name), said locals often formed "huge queues" trying to get Russian passports.

They were required if you want to find formal employment, especially with government agencies or in the public sector, he explained.

Also, they made it possible to travel to Russia without additional stringent checks known as "filtration", he added.

Ukraine believes 20,000 people died during the siege of Mariupol

"So they have deliberately created a situation where you get problems if you have Ukrainian papers, you have to deal with red tape, you have to wait. On the other hand, if you get a Russian passport, that's where your problems end: 'You're one of us now'. Things get simpler if you receive a Russian passport," Ivan said.

Mariupol is also becoming part of Russia's financial system. The Ukrainian currency, the hryvnya, has been phased out, and now the Russian rouble is the only currency accepted in shops.

Russia is channelling huge amounts of money into pension payments for residents of Mariupol, raising them in many cases compared with what they received from the Ukrainian authorities before the war. So residents of Mariupol are able to draw two pensions - one from Russia, another from Ukraine. Naturally, it is a situation many local pensioners are happy with.

Russian pensions are another reason why elderly residents are queuing up to get Russian passports - many pensioners believe the documents will be required in the future to continue receiving payments from Russia.

The media currently operating in Mariupol are also hard at work promoting a uniformly pro-Russian agenda.

Many current residents of Mariupol are there because they were unable to leave the city when the Russians attacked, due to illness or old age, or because they welcome Russia's presence.

"We've suffered enough under Ukraine. Now we can breathe again," one social media user told me, before breaking off all contact.

New signs for the city are decked out in the colours of the Russian flag

The fast-paced campaign of reconstruction and the resulting sense of restored normality, the generous pension payments and the intensive media campaign targeting the people of Mariupol, all stimulate the spread of pro-Russian sentiment in the city.

"I'm sick of all the propaganda in the papers. They started publishing it from day one, telling us how well things are going," said Yuri, the engineer (not his real name). "I feel out of place in my own city now. People are different, my city feels different now."

City councillor Ivan said: "It's become difficult for me to say pro-Ukrainian things to my voters. It's tough being pro-Ukrainian in a pro-Russian environment. Unfortunately, Ukraine is losing the hearts and minds of people in Mariupol."

Those who are still in Mariupol may be happy to see a degree of normality return to their city, but there are those who suspect Russia of pursuing ulterior motives.

Popular Ukrainian journalist Denys Kazansky argues that Russia uses the new houses it has been building in Mariupol to distract attention from all the destruction it caused in the city and elsewhere in his native Donetsk region.

"If they destroyed 10 hospitals and then rebuilt one - this isn't reconstruction. It's not something they can be thanked for," he said.

"You can be happy as much as you like about a school being rebuilt, but what do you do with the thousands of people Russia has killed?" he said.

"You can't rebuild them. You can't bring them back."

It is the third critical inspection report in a year for Glan Clwyd Hospital's A&E department

A third inspection in a year failed to find any major improvements at a north Wales hospital's emergency department.

Staff at Glan Clwyd Hospital's A&E were said to be working tirelessly to give the best care possible, but the service still requires significant improvement.

Inspectors said poor sepsis screening and triage and pain relief delays were putting patients at significant risk.

Health Minister Eluned Morgan admitted there were still "very, very serious problems" at the department.

Inspectors' concerns about standards in the department were classified as the most significant, with minimal improvements since their two previous visits.

The report comes a month after the health board was placed back in special measures following a damning audit report, and 11 independent board members were told to quit by the Welsh government.

Healthcare Inspectorate Wales (HIW) visited the emergency department of the hospital in Bodelwyddan, Denbighshire, in November after previous visits in March and May of 2022.

Their report again highlights an "incredibly busy department, struggling with shortages of staff, high numbers of seriously unwell patients and a lack of space to treat them".

The same could be said of emergency departments across Wales, but the fact that so little has been done to improve things since two previous visits means it remains under HIW's highest level of scrutiny.

Some speciality doctors refused to review patients in the emergency department, inspectors found

HIW chief executive Alun Jones said: "This inspection found evidence of a department struggling to cope with the day-to-day demand of providing a safe service to patients.

"It has highlighted areas such as poor team working between the ED [emergency department] and other departments within the hospital which, in turn, is compounding nationally recognised challenges around patient flow.

"The health board will need to take strong and decisive action to tackle the issues identified in our inspection. We will continue to engage with the health board to ensure sustained action is taken in relation to our findings.

"Inspectors found the standard of patient notes had improved, however rotas were challenging as there was a heavy reliance on bank and agency staff because of recruitment and retention issues.

"While waiting times to see a doctor had improved since May, the flow of patients through the department was still extremely challenging.

"Waits to see a specialty doctor varied and inspectors found on some occasions those doctors refused to review patients waiting in the ED, leading to further delays."

HIW said it would continue to monitor the response of the health board very closely.

The health board has apologised to patients who may not have received "the level of care they deserved".

Dr Nick Lyons, executive medical director and interim deputy chief executive of Betsi Cadwaladr health board, noted improvements highlighted by inspectors but acknowledged "we still have some way to go" to improve care for all patients."

"It is true staff within the ED at Glan Clwyd Hospital have been under enormous strain for the past three years and this has increased since restrictions eased," he said.

"Attempts to attract permanent members of staff to support the ED's work continues and another recruitment open day is planned within the next few weeks.

"However, the fragility in staffing and the volume of acutely unwell people we receive each day means we remain a service requiring significant improvement.

"The vast majority of our colleagues are a credit to our organisation and we value their hard work and professionalism. We will continue to strive to make sure they feel supported by colleagues in other specialties and their hospital management teams."

Dr Lyons said he noted "with pride" inspectors' comments about the commitment of staff, and the satisfaction of the "majority of patients" with their care.

He added: "Despite the issues raised in the report inspectors acknowledged progress has been made but we know this needs to accelerate.

"Our colleagues within ED, and in other areas of the hospital, are fully focused on driving this change forward and we are pleased to see the proportion of patients moving through the department within four hours continuing to rise."

Following publication of the inspection report, Health Minister Eluned Morgan agreed there were "still very, very serious problems" at Ysbyty Glan Clwyd and its emergency department "in particular".

Eluned Morgan: "There seems to be a specific problem with the emergency department in Ysbyty Glan Clwyd"

Answering questions in the Welsh Parliament, the minister said there had been "serious discussions" with Dr Lyons "to ask about what exactly has been put in place" to improve the situation.

"There seems to be a specific problem here with the emergency department in Ysbyty Glan Clwyd," she said.

"We've got to encourage" the department to learn from the other emergency departments within Betsi Cadwaladr health board that are "working better", the minister said.

There had been "some encouraging improvements after the previous inspection" but it was "very disappointing that many of the issues have still not been fully resolved".

Ms Morgan was answering questions from members including Vale of Clwyd Conservative MS Gareth Davies, who later urged Ms Morgan to "get a grip on the situation" and "stop passing the buck".

"Patients, along with the people of North Wales, deserve better," he added.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Rescue efforts are under way in Mississippi and Alabama after a tornado tore through the two states on Friday night killing 26 people, including a baby and her father.

Emergency services will have to dig through the debris left behind by the tornado, which flattened one town and obliterated homes and businesses.

A state of emergency was declared in Mississippi on Sunday.

As Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) staff arrived in Mississippi to tour the damage, senator Roger Wicker tweeted: "Today recovery efforts across our state began in earnest".

Friday's tornado has been classified as "violent" and given a preliminary EF-4 rating - the second-highest rating possible.

Meanwhile, the National Weather Service issued a tornado watch for large sections of both Alabama and Georgia for Sunday, ending at 13:00 ET (18:00 BST).

In Rolling Fork, crushed cars, bricks and glass litter the streets - the town has been almost entirely wiped out.

One resident told the BBC he was lucky to survive after seeking shelter in his bath tub.

Approaching the neighbourhood in western Sharkey County, there is little indication of anything unusual.

The lush farmland that surrounds it is completely untouched, the trees aren't even bent out of shape by wind.

Then, suddenly, you see the houses that were in the tornado's path.

They have been totally obliterated.

The tornado seen near the town of Rolling Fork

In this rural town of only 2,000 people, where one fifth of residents live below the poverty line, dozens of buildings have been flattened by the fury of the tornado.

Homes where family and friends had gathered less than 24 hours before, ready for the weekend, have been reduced to rubble.

Timber frames have been snapped into pieces. There are upturned washing machines, but it is impossible to identify anything that might have been a kitchen.

Amongst the rubble, there are vehicles that have been tossed around. There is the occasional children's toy and other signs of the lives that were lived here just hours earlier.

One Rolling Fork local tries to salvage items from a car

The tornado hit in the middle of the night - people had been sleeping and had not heard the alerts. For many the first indication that something terrible was happening was the noise.

Francisco McKnight told the BBC it was a miracle that he is alive. The only warning he had was the sound, he said - he had never heard anything like the noise of the wind on Friday night and never wants to again.

He took one look outside and then ran into his bathroom and got into the bath tub. He said that was what saved him.

The only part of his home that is still standing are parts of two of the bathroom walls.

The tornado lasted just five to 10 minutes he said, and he sat in the tub as the rest of his home was ripped away. For now, he is staying in one of the shelters that have been set up in the area.

He does not know what he will do next, but he says somehow he will rebuild his life.

Mississippi state governor Tate Reeves visited Silver City and Winona on Saturday to meet affected residents who had been hit by the tornado's fury.

Sharing an update on Twitter, Mr Reeves described the situation as a "tragedy", writing: "We are blessed with brave, capable responders and loving neighbours. Please continue to pray."

Mr Reeves requested an expedited disaster declaration for the region and said: "We're going to fight like hell to make sure that we get as many resources to this area as possible."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Trucks piled on buildings as tornado flattens town of Rolling Fork

Are you in any of the areas affected by the tornado? If it is safe to do so, share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Williams talked openly about his struggles with addiction

A man charged in the drug-related death of Wire actor Michael K Williams has been jailed for two-and-a-half years.

Prosecutors sought a four-year term for Carlos Macci but the actor's nephew and show's co-creator asked for leniency.

Macci, 72, one of four men charged with selling Williams heroin laced with fentanyl, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to distribute narcotics in April.

Williams, who starred as robber Omar Little in the HBO crime drama, died of an overdose aged 54 in 2021.

The three other men have been charged with directly causing Williams' death and face harsher sentences.

One of them, Irvin Cartagena, has pleaded guilty to conspiracy charges and will be sentenced in August. Two others have pleaded not guilty.

Prosecutors wrote in court papers that "for decades the defendant has been selling deadly narcotics: heroin and now heroin laced with fentanyl".

Sentencing judge Ronnie Abrams told Macci that selling the drugs "not only cost Mr Williams his life, but it's costing your freedom", the Associated Press news agency reported.

But it is thought that Macci may have avoided a tougher sentence in part because of a three-page letter filed earlier this month.

In it Wire co-creator David Simon asked for mercy for the defendant because Williams "believed in redemption".

"No possible good can come from incarcerating a... soul, largely illiterate, who has himself struggled with a lifetime of addiction," the letter said.

Mr Simon added that Williams himself "would have fought" for Macci.

Williams' nephew Dominic Dupont also told the judge he thought Macci could turn his life around, adding that it "weighs heavy on me" to see someone in that situation.

As overdose deaths in the US continue to rise, some prosecutors have charged victims' friends who helped obtain such drugs, as well as the dealers. Several states have passed laws in recent years allowing prosecutors to charge overdoses as homicides in an effort to discourage people from selling or sharing fentanyl.

Williams, who talked openly about his struggles with addiction, won critical acclaim for his role in The Wire, a series that ran from 2002-08 and explored the narcotics scene in Baltimore from the perspective of law enforcement as well as drug dealers and users.

Prosecutors say that on 5 September 2021, Macci and other members of a drug-trafficking organisation sold Williams heroin laced with fentanyl and continued to sell the substance even after they knew the actor had suffered a fatal overdose.

Twitter has laid off at least 200 staff in another round of cuts, according to reports in the New York Times.

It said the tech giant had cut 10% of its current workforce, which it estimated at 2,000 people.

This is the latest round of job losses at Twitter since chief executive Elon Musk sacked about 50% of its 7,500 employees when he took over in October.

As staff learned of their fate, Mr Musk tweeted: "Hope you have a good Sunday. First day of the rest of your life."

Esther Crawford, chief executive of Twitter Payments, who oversaw the Twitter Blue verification subscription model, said she was "deeply proud of my team" in a tweet after being among those released.

And senior product manager Martijn de Kuijper, who founded newsletter tool Revue which Twitter acquired in 2021, said he found out he had lost his job after being locked out of his work emails.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Martijn This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

It's been a while since my phone blew up on a Sunday because of news about Twitter - not because there hasn't been any, but because we've all got used to it.

More divisive user-experience changes to the platform, more provocative tweets from its owner Elon Musk... we are familiar with that drill. But nobody was expecting Esther Crawford, who had established herself as an influential figure in so-called Twitter 2.0, to be laid off.

In November, she shared a picture of herself lying down inside a sleeping bag and wearing an eye mask on the floor at Twitter HQ. She has tirelessly cheerleaded the firm's path under Mr Musk. Some thought the product manager might even become the company's next chief executive. Mr Musk said weeks ago that he would stand aside in the role as soon as he found a replacement.

It demonstrates once again this new brutal environment in which even the most loyal are unprotected. It will be familiar to many in the commercial sector and it's increasingly the way big tech is going as budgets start to bite.

Esther herself tweeted that it was "a mistake" to think that her "optimism and hard work" had been a bad decision. "I'm deeply proud of the team for building through so much noise and chaos," she wrote.

She probably wouldn't have called it "noise and chaos" this time last week.

The Twitter cuts are the latest in a long line of lay-offs in the tech industry over the past few months.

Amazon, Microsoft and Google-owned Alphabet announced tens of thousands of lay-offs between them, but the cuts across the industry are wide-reaching.

At the end of January, more than 10,000 jobs were lost in eight days across six large tech companies including Spotify, Intel and IBM.

The Twitter cuts come a month after Reuters reported the firm had made its first interest payment on a bank loan used by Mr Musk to finance the purchase.

He paid $44bn (£37bn) to take control, with $13bn - a third of the total amount - covered by loans from banks including Morgan Stanley and Barclays.

These loans are leveraged against Twitter - in other words, the tech company itself is responsible for the loan repayments, not Mr Musk.

Reuters reported Twitter paid about $300m to the banks in January.

Meanwhile, there are further indications that the tech company is struggling with financing.

It is being sued by the Crown Estate in the UK over alleged unpaid rent for its London headquarters, and faces a similar lawsuit in the US over unpaid rent at its San Francisco HQ.

And a lawyer representing more than 100 former employees sacked by Twitter told the BBC in February the number of staff launching legal action against the company "goes up daily".

Mr Musk told this month's World Government Summit in Dubai: "I think I need to stabilise the organisation and just make sure it's in a financially healthy place.

"I'm guessing probably towards the end of this year would be good timing to find someone else to run the company, because I think it should be in a stable position around the end of this year."

Temperatures in the final stages of the campaign have hit 40C and millions of voters will be on holiday

Spain is holding a highly unusual election on Sunday at the height of a scorching summer, after four years of left-wing rule.

Current Prime Minister Pedro Sánchez called the vote in response to a dismal performance at the May local elections in which his Socialist party came second to main rival, the conservative Popular Party.

No general election in Spanish history has ever been held so late into the summer, with temperatures topping 40C in this country of 48 million people. The timing of the vote has been criticised when so many in Spain are on holiday, but 2.6 million voters have chosen to cast their ballot by post.

The Popular Party (PP) under Alberto Núñez Feijóo have their eye on victory but may struggle to form a government on their own.

To win a majority they need to secure more than half the 350 seats in the lower house of parliament. Spaniards will also vote for their upper house.

The conservatives may need the support of far-right party Vox, while Mr Sánchez will be able to look to left-wing grouping Sumar.

LGBT and gender issues have become prominent campaign issues in the run-up to this election. Opposition parties PP and Vox have staunchly criticised the left-wing government's new laws on transgender rights - including making it easier for people to change their legal gender - and abortion.

They have also attacked Spain's controversial "Only Yes Means Yes" law on sexual consent. It was passed only last August but created a loophole that cut jail time for over 1,000 convicted rapists - and Mr Sánchez ended up having to apologise and push through changes.

The very existence of gender violence has been questioned by some Vox party officials, causing tensions with their potential conservative partners.

Nationalism has been a hot issue too. The PP and Vox have labelled Mr Sánchez a "traitor" for pardoning jailed pro-independence leaders and downgrading the crime of secession.

One highly effective right-wing tactic has involved targeting the prime minister with a slogan for relying on separatists to pass key reforms.

He has been denounced for his pact with Basque separatist party Bildu, led by Arnaldo Otegi, who was jailed for crimes by the Eta militant group.

The slogan "Let Txapote vote for you" accuses Pedro Sánchez of relying on the support of separatist killers

The slogan Que te vote Txapote, meaning "Let Txapote vote for you", refers to another Eta militant who carried out a number of deadly terror attacks.

As Spain experiences worsening droughts and heatwaves, most parties have measures to fight climate change. Only Vox's electoral programme fails to mention the issue entirely.

The biggest issue for most voters is the economy, even if much of the campaign has focused on other issues. Spain is enjoying a period of growth and inflation slowed to below 2% in June, one of the lowest levels in Europe.

But dismal jobless figures are one of the opposition's most frequent lines of attack against the current government. In May, Spain had the highest unemployment rate (12.7%) of all EU countries.

Prime Minister Pedro Sánchez (L) called the snap election but Alberto Núñez Feijóo is favourite to win

He became the first politician in Spain to snatch power from a sitting prime minister through a no-confidence motion in 2018. Then he narrowly won a confidence vote in January 2020 to form Spain's first coalition government since democracy was restored in the late 1970s.

Pedro Sánchez, 51, is seen as a passionately pro-European integrationist and speaks English fluently; he has lectured in economics in Spain and had a spell working for the UN high representative in Bosnia-Herzegovina.

His brand of governing has been labelled Sanchismo, and his opponents have styled the election as a choice between Sanchismo or Spain, suggesting he is a threat to the country, its traditions and values.

He has spearheaded a law to bring dignity to victims of dictator Gen Francisco Franco, backed a rule giving workers the right to menstrual leave and laws expanding abortion rights.

But this snap election could be a gamble too far, as his party trails his conservative rivals. He has accused the PP of seeking to put Spain in a "sinister time machine" with the support of far-right Vox and take the country back to "who knows where".

Mr Feijóo has been less than enthusiastic about the prospect of a coalition with the far right

The Popular Party leader has knowingly cultivated a low-key image, saying recently that "what for some may be boring, I think for the majority of citizens are qualities that a prime minister should have".

He was seen to have won the only head-to-head TV election debate with Mr Sánchez, telling him he had no right to give lectures on governing pacts because the Socialist leader had relied on separatists.

But Mr Feijóo was later criticised for skipping the final televised debate before the election, which was attended by both his opponents, Mr Sánchez and Ms Díaz, and his potential coalition partner, Santiago Abascal.

A former civil servant born in Galicia in Spain's north-west, he has led the conservatives since 2022.

He has gained a reputation as a safe pair of hands, serving as president of the former national health service and of the postal service.

However, his rivals have highlighted 10-year-old rumours that he had a close friendship with a Galician drug trafficker and money launderer called Marcial Dorado.

Photographs of the two on holiday together on a yacht in 1995 were unearthed by Spanish daily El País in 2013.

Mr Feijóo says he was unaware Dorado was a criminal when the two became friends because "back then we had no internet or Google". Mr Sánchez has accused Mr Feijóo of lying, but the PP leader has hit back accusing him of using "rubbish" to seek to discredit him.

Santiago Abascal's party takes a hard line on gay marriage, adoption by gay couples, abortion, euthanasia and transgender rights

He has led the far-right Vox party he helped found in 2014, and he is known for his controversial declarations. He has said he does not believe in climate change and he has criticised the "totalitarian law of gender ideology", which he claims criminalises men.

Last month, he used the riots in France to call for tougher immigration policies. "Europe is threatened by mobs of anti-Europeans… who are unwilling to adapt to our way of life and our laws," he said. "Europe cannot continue to accept immigrants from Muslim countries."

Vox has already reached coalition deals with the conservatives in dozens of cities and three autonomous regions - Extremadura in the west, Valencia in the east and Castille and León, north of Madrid. In the Balearic Islands, Vox have reached a pact with the PP but have no positions in government.

Now Mr Abascal is looking for a share of national power too.

He has cultivated strong ties with other European far-right and nationalist groups, from Hungary's ruling Fidesz and France's National Rally to the Brothers of Italy party of Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni.

Ms Meloni has given Vox's election campaign her backing, recording a video to reaffirm the parties' "great friendship".

Yolanda Díaz has gained popularity in Spain for her headline-grabbing policies

If Vox are the potential kingmaker for Alberto Núñez Feijóo, then for the Socialists it would be Yolanda Díaz's Sumar (Unite) alliance of 15 left-wing groups.

A former Communist, she has been Spain's second deputy prime minister as well as labour minister and she is keen to be Spain's first female leader too: "because women's time has come, and women want to be the ones who make history".

Sumar have made a big pitch for the youth vote, pledging €20,000 (£17,139) of funding to help 18-23 year-olds to kick-start their lives.

Ms Díaz is a popular politician who has helped increase the Spanish minimum wage to €1,259 and scrapped unpopular labour laws.

Sparks flew between Ms Diaz and Mr Abascal in the last televised debate before the election as the two clashed over issues of gender violence, while she and Mr Sánchez appeared to form a united front.

While opinion polls have narrowed, the conservatives and Mr Feijóo are favourites to win. But they may need to form a coalition with Vox to form a majority and avoid repeat elections.

The last opinion polls published in Spain put the PP on 33%-36% of the vote and the Socialists on under 29%. Vox and Sumar are almost neck and neck on 12.5-13.5%.

To win an absolute majority a party needs 176 seats, so no party would win outright with these results.

Vox has made great strides in securing power-sharing deals with the conservatives in three autonomous regions, and lesser alliances have been reached in Murcia, Aragon and the Balearic Islands,

But Mr Feijóo is less than enthusiastic at the prospect of governing with the far right.

The PP leader has seemed rattled by his rival's accusations of a "shameful" pact with Vox.

In their TV debate Mr Feijóo said Vox's Mr Abascal would not be a member of a prospective PP government "if I don't need the votes". He even offered the Socialists' Mr Sánchez a pact for the losing party to support the winner so that neither would need to rely on either the hard right or left.

But Vox could be the only option. Last month Maria Guardiola, the PP president of the western Extremadura region, said she would never govern with a party that "dehumanises immigrants" and that "rubbishes" LGBT rights.

She later changed her mind and welcomed Vox into her government, stating that "my word is not as important as the future of Extremadura".

As well as taking a hard line on gay marriage, adoption by gay couples, abortion, euthanasia and transgender rights, another big issue that has driven support for Vox is its unequivocal stance on opposing Catalan nationalism.

It has also taken a dim view over the status of Gibraltar, a British overseas territory at the southern end of the Iberian peninsula.

Last year Vox objected to reports of talks between the UK and Spain by warning that "any agreement that does not go through the recognition of the Spanish sovereignty of Gibraltar is an act of treason against Spain".

Kyiv involvement in alleged Kremlin drone attack would be astonishing - think tank

Following on from the White House's denial of involvement in the alleged attack on the Kremlin, Prof Michael Clarke from the London-based Royal United Services Institute (Rusi) has been discussing the likelihood of Ukrainian involvement. "I would be truly astonished if yesterday’s drone attack on the Kremlin was down to Kyiv," he tells BBC Radio 4's World at One programme. "It would be a monumentally stupid thing for them to do and the quickest way for them to lose the war," he says. "If Ukraine is seen to conduct a strategically significant attack inside Russia, then it will lose Western support. And if it loses Western support, it loses the war." He says it is possible it is a false flag attack, saying this is an area Russia "has form" in. But Clarke says he believes it is more likely to have been carried out by a separate "freelance" operative. A false flag is a political or military action carried out with the intention of blaming an opponent for it.

The parents of a cyclist killed in Glasgow say their daughter would still be alive if Scotland had safer road infrastructure for bikes.

Emma Burke Newman, 22, from Paris died after a crash with a HGV in January.

Her parents, Rose Marie Burke and John Newman, said there should be better separation between cyclists and other road traffic in the city.

They are backing Pedal on Parliament this weekend - an annual ride to Holyrood campaigning for safer roads.

Thousands of cyclists are expected to attend the event in Edinburgh later.

Glasgow City Council said it had "extensive plans" to improve road safety.

Ms Burke and Mr Newman visited the scene of their daughter's accident in Glasgow

Emma was studying at Glasgow's Mackintosh School of Architecture and working part-time in the city when she died.

Her parents said she was a "strong and experienced cyclist" who had cycled in cities including Paris, London and Berlin.

They said in a statement: "Only three months into living in Scotland, she was roadkill at that deadly junction.

"There is more than enough space at the intersection where Emma died to accommodate every traveller.

"There is more than enough space, we just have to commit to making it safe for all who use it."

The annual event attracts a large amount of cyclists, all campaigning for better road safety

The Scottish government said that road safety and investing in infrastructure were high priorities.

Minister for Active Travel, Patrick Harvie, said: "As someone who cycles every day, I know how much more we need to do to keep all road users safe.

"I can give an assurance that the Scottish government will continue to do what's needed to make cycling safer right across the country."

Pedal on Parliament said Emma's death was a "stark reminder" of why it campaigns.

Speaking to BBC Scotland's the Nine, Pedal on Parliament's Iona Shepherd said Scotland was "lagging behind" other European countries on cyclist safety.

And she said the roll-out of cycle lanes was not happening quickly enough in Glasgow.

A Glasgow City Council spokesman said: "The death of Emma Burke Newman while cycling in Glasgow was a terrible tragedy and our thoughts remain with her family and friends who are grieving her loss."

He said the council could not comment further on the case as it was under investigation.

He added: "We are also fully committed to delivering a City Network for active travel that will provide almost 600km of segregated infrastructure for safer walking, wheeling and cycling.

"Our work to create liveable neighbourhoods across Glasgow also aims to provide significant improvement to the active travel experience in all local communities."

"We are working closely with the Scottish government to unlock the funding needed to ensure the delivery of our plans to transform the active travel experience in Glasgow."

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Last updated on .From the section Football

Jess Fishlock inspired Wales to a 4-0 win over Croatia as their bid to qualify for a first major tournament got off to a dream start in Wrexham.

Fishlock scored within four minutes of the start of both halves on a night where Wales underlined their status as group favourites.

The Seattle Reign player also turned provider for Rachel Rowe who added a third goal for Wales on 51 minutes on a dream night for Wales' new boss, Rhian Wilkinson.

Angharad James' volley from an acute angle added gloss to the finish as Wales enjoyed a victorious return to the Stok Racecourse after a four-year hiatus.

There is little doubt that Wales will rely on the brilliance of their most-capped player, Fishlock, who made her 149th Wales appearance in Wrexham, as they bid to reach a first major finals.

Still one of the world's elite players at the age of 37, Fishlock says this will be her last qualification campaign and it took a matter of minutes for her to make her mark as she bids to drag Wales to unchartered territory.

The opening goal was a vindication of the more fluid system, with Rowe - now in an attacking central midfield role - producing a driving run and expertly timed pass to allow Fishlock the time and space to calmly slot the ball under Doris Bacic.

Fishlock was central to Wales' attacking play as they dominated possession and restricted Croatia to defending extremely deeply with 10 players behind the ball at virtually all times.

Wales were restricted to half chances after going ahead, with Rowe firing wide and captain Sophie Ingle seeing a shot blocked, but they almost doubled their advantage just before the interval when Hayley Ladd's floating cross picked out Elise Hughes, but she headed over from close-range.

Fishlock was not to be denied though and she doubled Wales' lead on 49 minutes, heading home after her initial lobbed effort struck the crossbar - a player so good, she even does one-twos with the woodwork.

The goals, Fishlock's 41st and 42nd in her 149th game, puts her ahead of Gareth Bale as Wales' second-top scorer, just two goals behind Helen Ward.

"I think she will break my record by the end of this campaign if not sooner," Ward said.

"She has been an absolute superstar for Wales for so many years. She is making history all the time. If anyone is going to take that record I would be delighted to see Jess do it."

Wales' new boss Wilkinson had promised pre-match that she was looking to implement her own coaching ideas slowly, favouring a "evolution rather than revolution" approach with a side she says are "on a mission" to qualify for a first major finals.

She was as good as her word as she opted to make just one alteration to the Wales side that impressed in a friendly win in Dublin, with Ella Powell replacing Josie Green who missed out through illness.

Wilkinson, capped 183 times by Canada but who has a Welsh mother, has spoken about her desire to fully embrace her heritage and she did an impressive job of singing Hen Wlad Fy Nhadau before kick-off.

It remains a little early in her tenure to assess exactly what a Wilkinson team is going to look like, but certainly it appears Wales will continue to try and play a more expansive, possession-based game.

Wales had 79% possession in the first half as they controlled the contest, while she also made an attacking change at half-time, introducing Ffion Morgan to replace Powell at right wing-back.

Wales' increased attacking impetus was obvious after the interval especially and after Fishlock's close-range header doubled Wales' lead, it was a matter of how many goals Wales would score.

Fishlock turned provider for Wales' third goal, crossing to Rowe when she could have shot, with Rowe firing into the bottom corner to make the result safe.

There was still time for Wales to push for more and they showed a clinical touch in front of goal with James spectacularly volleying home from an acute angle after Gemma Evans' cross-field pass caught out goalkeeper Bacic, who also saved to deny Mary McAteer a first Wales goal.

Substitute Ceri Holland struck the crossbar with a long-range effort as Wales pushed on, with Wilkinson even afforded the luxury of giving Fishlock, Rowe and Ingle a rest ahead of Wales' visit to Kosovo on Tuesday.
• None Attempt blocked. Ffion Morgan (Wales Women) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Ceri Holland.
• None Attempt missed. Lois Joel (Wales Women) left footed shot from outside the box is too high.
• None Attempt saved. Mary McAteer (Wales Women) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Ffion Morgan with a cross.
• None Attempt saved. Lois Joel (Wales Women) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Angharad James.
• None Attempt saved. Tea Vracevic (Croatia Women) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal.
• None Attempt missed. Lois Joel (Wales Women) right footed shot from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by Lily Woodham with a cross following a corner.
• None Attempt blocked. Lily Woodham (Wales Women) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page

A mother-of-three has been jailed for more than two years for inducing an abortion after the legal limit.

Carla Foster, 44, received the medication following a remote consultation where she was not honest about how far along her pregnancy was.

The "pills by post" scheme, introduced in lockdown, allows pregnancies up to 10 weeks to be terminated at home.

However, Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court heard the woman was between 32-34 weeks pregnant when she took them.

Abortion is legal up to 24 weeks. However, after 10 weeks the procedure is carried out in a clinic.

Prosecutors argued Foster had provided false information knowing she was over the time limit and had made online searches which they said indicated "careful planning".

The court heard between February and May 2020 she had searched "how to hide a pregnancy bump", "how to have an abortion without going to the doctor" and "how to lose a baby at six months".

Based on the information she provided the British Pregnancy Advisory Service (BPAS), she was sent the tablets because it was estimated she was seven weeks pregnant.

The woman was initially charged with child destruction, the court heard

Her defence argued that lockdown and minimising face-to-face appointments had changed access to healthcare and so instead she had to search for information online.

"The defendant may well have made use of services had they been available at the time," said her barrister Barry White. "This will haunt her forever."

On 11 May 2020, having taken the abortion pills, an emergency call was made at 18:39 BST saying she was in labour.

The baby was born not breathing during the phonecall and was confirmed dead about 45 minutes later.

A post-mortem examination recorded the baby girl's cause of death as stillbirth and maternal use of abortion drugs and she was estimated to be between 32 and 34 weeks' gestation.

Foster, from Staffordshire, already had three sons before she became pregnant again in 2019.

The court heard she had moved back in with her estranged partner at the start of lockdown while carrying another man's baby.

The judge accepted she was "in emotional turmoil" as she sought to hide the pregnancy.

Foster was initially charged with child destruction, which she denied.

She later pleaded guilty to an alternative charge of section 58 of the Offences Against the Person Act 1861, administering drugs or using instruments to procure abortion, which was accepted by the prosecution.

Sentencing, judge Mr Justice Edward Pepperall said it was a "tragic" case, adding that if she had pleaded guilty earlier he may have been able to consider suspending her jail sentence.

He said the defendant was "wracked by guilt" and had suffered depression and said she was a good mother to three children, one of whom has special needs, who would suffer from her imprisonment.

She received a 28-month sentence, 14 of which will be spent in custody with the remainder on licence.

Ahead of Monday's hearing, a letter co-signed by a number of women's health organisations was sent to the court calling for a non-custodial sentence.

However, the judge said it was "not appropriate" and that his duty was "to apply the law as provided by Parliament".

He told the defendant the letter's authors were "concerned that your imprisonment might deter other women from accessing telemedical abortion services and other late-gestation women from seeking medical care or from being open and honest with medical professionals".

But he said it also "has the capacity to be seen as special pleading by those who favour wider access to abortions and is, in my judgment, just as inappropriate as it would be for a judge to receive a letter from one of the groups campaigning for more restrictive laws".

The sentencing has sparked outcry among women's rights organisations and campaigners.

BPAS said it was "shocked and appalled" by the woman's sentence which they said was based on an "archaic law".

"No woman can ever go through this again," said its chief executive, Clare Murphy.

"Over the last three years, there has been an increase in the numbers of women and girls facing the trauma of lengthy police investigations and threatened with up to life imprisonment under our archaic abortion law," she said.

"Vulnerable women in the most incredibly difficult of circumstances deserve more from our legal system."

She said MPs must do more to offer protection so "no more women in these desperate circumstances are threatened with prison again".

Labour MP Stella Creasy said "no other patient group would be treated this way"

"The average prison sentence for a violent offence in England is 18 months," she said in a tweet.

"A woman who had an abortion without following correct procedures just got 28 months under an 1868 act - we need urgent reform to make safe access for all women in England, Scotland and Wales a human right."

The Crown Prosecution Service said: "These exceptionally rare cases are complex and traumatic.

"Our prosecutors have a duty to ensure that laws set by Parliament are properly considered and applied when making difficult charging decisions."

When asked whether the prime minister was confident criminalising abortion in some circumstances was the right approach, Rishi Sunak's official spokesperson said the current laws struck a balance.

"Our laws as they stand balance a woman's right to access safe and legal abortions with the rights of an unborn child," he said.

"I'm not aware of any plans to address that approach."

Follow BBC West Midlands on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: newsonline.westmidlands@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Trails of condensed water vapor created by jet engines have given rise to 'chemtrail' conspiracy theories

Tennessee lawmakers have passed a bill banning the release of airborne chemicals that critics say is inspired by "chemtrails" conspiracy theories.

The bill forbids "intentional injection, release, or dispersion" of chemicals into the air.

It doesn't explicitly mention chemtrails, which conspiracy theorists believe are poisons spread by planes.

Instead it broadly prohibits "affecting temperature, weather, or the intensity of the sunlight".

The Republican-sponsored bill passed along party lines on Monday. If it is signed by Tennessee's governor, Republican Bill Lee, it will go into effect on 1 July.

The bill's backers were spurred on by a government report released last year on solar geoengineering, which is the idea of cooling the planet by reflecting sunlight back into space. The White House, though, has said that there are no plans "to establish a comprehensive research programme focused on solar radiation modification."

Several witnesses who testified before the Tennessee legislature cited debunked conspiracy theories or speculated about secret government geoengineering programmes, according to Scott Banbury, conservation director of the state's branch of the Sierra Club, an environmental organisation.

Their claims were troubling, he said.

"As a serious environmental organisation, if what was in the bill was actually going on we would be calling for a stop to it," he said. "It's not happening."

The legislation focuses on geoengineering, a very broad category which includes mostly theoretical large-scale action to mitigate climate change.

Geoengineering is controversial even among legitimate climate scientists, because of uncertainty around its usefulness and the possibility of unintended outcomes.

Planet-wide climate engineering is distinct from more routine weather modification, such as cloud seeding, which increases rainfall over specific areas and is used in several US states.

"Chemtrails", meanwhile, is a separate, pseudoscientific idea that governments or corporations are spraying chemicals from planes to kill, control or poison people.

Conspiracy theorists point to white plumes of water vapour trailing behind passenger aeroplanes, commonly called contrails, as proof of sinister and secret plots, but lack evidence for their claims.

The most common claim of proof is "simply that aircraft contrails look 'different', without any comparative analysis," according to a report from a Harvard geoengineering group.

"This as convincing as saying that alien beings walk among us in disguise as people because some people act very strangely," it said.

In recent decades speculation about chemtrails has risen as the number of airline flights - and thus the number of contrails - has surged.

In the debate over the Tennessee bill, lawmakers and witnesses cited a range of both reliable and debunked facts about geoengineering and weather modification, and at least one witness said she believed the White House was engaged in climate experiments but could not provide definitive proof.

The legislation's sponsor, Monty Fritts, called it "a very common-sense thing to do".

Although several lawmakers mentioned chemtrails while the bill was being discussed, during Monday's session Mr Fritts focused on cloud seeding.

"Everything that goes up must come down, and those chemicals that we knowingly and willingly inject into the atmosphere simply to control the weather or the climate are affecting our health," he said.

In a joking response, John Ray Clemmons, a Democrat from Nashville, introduced an amendment that would protect fictional beasts.

"This amendment would make sure that we are protecting yetis, or Sasquatch or Bigfoot, from whatever this conspiracy is that we're passing in this legislation," he said during debate.

John Ray Clemmons introduced an amendment designed to poke fun at the bill

"This legislation is not to be taken seriously," he said.

Mr Clemmons told the BBC that several of his fellow lawmakers believe in QAnon theories and conspiracies about vaccines being hidden in food.

"This is unfortunately nothing new," he said. "There's a lot of things we could be doing to reduce living costs for our working families, but we are wasting time with this."

A spokesperson for Mr Fritts said: "Nothing that helps ensure that our air, water, and soil are cleaner could be a waste of time."

"We cannot change what people believe," the spokesperson said about the persistent conspiracy theory allegations. "We can only present the information and let them make up their own minds."

Although the Tennessee bill appears to be the first of its kind to pass a state legislature, lawmakers in several other states including Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Kentucky, Minnesota and New Hampshire have introduced similar legislation.

Mr Banbury, the Sierra Club official, noted that witnesses supporting the bill travelled from outside Tennessee, and several have testified in favour of similar laws in other states.

"As a grassroots organiser I'm impressed that a cadre of the same people have had such influence, and that they can muster up so much power," he said.

Jennifer Lawrence, pictured in late 2022, is the producer on a new documentary called Bread and Roses, which explores the day-to-day lives of three women in Afghanistan

"You only oppress women," the young woman says to the Taliban fighter.

"I told you not to talk," he shouts back, "I will kill you right here!"

"Okay, kill me!" she replies, raising her voice to match his. "You closed schools and universities! It's better to kill me!"

A camera phone has secretly, and shakily, captured this direct confrontation inside a car between the woman and the militant.

She had just been arrested following a protest and was about to be taken to a holding cell in Kabul.

It is a scene from the documentary Bread and Roses, which explores the day-to-day lives of three women in the weeks following the takeover.

The producer is the Oscar-winning actress, Jennifer Lawrence, who is telling the BBC why this moment in the film is so significant to her.

"My heart was beating so fast watching these women defy the Taliban," Lawrence says. "You don't see this side of the story, women fighting back, in the news every day and it's an important part of our film, and the stories of these women."

She says it is devastating to think about the sudden loss of control Afghan women have endured.

"They currently have no autonomy within their country. It is so important for them to be given the opportunity to document their own story, in their own way."

The film has been made by Excellent Cadaver, the production company Lawrence set up in 2018 with her friend Justine Ciarrocchi.

"This documentary was born out of emotion and necessity," says Lawrence, who describes feeling helpless and frustrated about what she was seeing on the news.

Ciarrocchi says that Lawrence "had a seismic reaction to the fall of Kabul in 2021 because the circumstances were so dire for women".

"And she said, 'We've got to give somebody a platform to tell this story in a meaningful way.'"

That somebody was Sahra Mani, a documentary maker who co-founded the independent Kabul production company, Afghan Doc House.

(l-r) Director of Bread and Roses, Sahra Mani, editor Hayedeh Safiyar, Jennifer Lawrence and Justine Ciarrocchi.

Both Lawrence and Ciarrocchi had watched her critically acclaimed documentary A Thousand Girls Like Me, which profiles a 23-year-old Afghan woman who goes on national television to expose sexual abuse by her father, after being ignored by her family and the police.

Ciarrocchi tracked down Mani, who said that she had already begun a project, following three women in the country as they tried to establish some kind of autonomy in the months following the Taliban takeover, as girls and women were barred from universities and schools.

Mani filmed using covert cameras, and even asked the women to film themselves at safehouses with their friends and families.

Another sequence captures a secret meeting in a windowless basement, off a side street in Kabul. More than a dozen women sit in rows of desks and chairs, arranged like a makeshift classroom. Steam rises from the drinks in their plastic cups.

They do not know each other, but all are from different groups who protested after the Taliban retook Afghanistan in August 2021.

One of the women, a dentist called Zahra, has led the viewer to this secret meeting. When she speaks to the group, she reminisces about wearing high heels and perfume and going to the park with her friends. The women around her smile.

Bread and Roses was secretly filmed with the use of multiple covert cameras in the weeks following the fall of Kabul.

"Women must write their own history," Vahideh says passionately to the group, to murmurs of agreement. "Women are not properly celebrated around the world."

Mani was well aware of the challenges of filming in such private and dangerous situations.

"I understand how to deal with difficulties because I am one of them.

"They are not victims," she says, "they are heroes."

But getting the balance right between keeping the women safe and telling their story was not easy. She tells the BBC that there were several late-night conversations between her, Ciarrocchi and Lawrence during the production process.

"They were there whenever I faced any issues or problems," Mani says. "When women unite, everything is possible."

Jennifer Lawrence pictured with director Sahra Mani and producer Justine Ciarrocchi at the Cannes film festival

With Mani and the other women featured now all out of the country, the producers felt comfortable submitting Bread and Roses for wider distribution, starting at Cannes.

Ciarrocchi and Lawrence say their next challenge is to get the film in front of a large audience - not always easy when the story is a snapshot of an ongoing and devastating conflict.

"There's not an end to this story," says Lawrence, "and you feel pretty much helpless when thinking about how to do anything about it. It's a hard thing to market."

As women executive producers, Ciarrocchi and Lawrence are still in the minority in Hollywood. A 2022 study from the Center for the Study of Women in Television and Film showed that women comprised only 24% of directors, writers and producers in the top-grossing films, a decrease from 2021.

"I think there's a long, long way to go, but I do feel inspired and positive by the end product when you have more diversity in filmmaking," says Lawrence. "It's what people want. The audiences want it."

Ciarrocchi adds: "That's why we take the responsibility of Jen's platform so seriously as a woman who's giving opportunities to other women... to employ women, to tell women's stories, to always employ a diverse body of people."

"That's also because I am a woman," replies Lawrence.

"I'm lucky enough to not have the biased idea that women aren't as good at things!"

Saudi Arabia cut ties in 2016 after its embassy in Tehran was stormed

Middle East regional rivals Iran and Saudi Arabia have agreed to restore diplomatic relations, seven years after severing them in a bitter row.

The unexpected announcement came after four days of talks between officials from both sides in China.

Saudi Arabia cut ties in January 2016 after demonstrators stormed its embassy in Tehran following Riyadh's execution of a prominent Shia Muslim cleric.

Tensions between the Sunni and Shia-led neighbours have since often been high.

They regard each other as a threatening power that seeks regional dominance. They also support rival sides across the Middle East, including in Lebanon, Syria, Iraq - and most overtly in Yemen.

Iran has supported Shia Houthi rebels who forced out the Saudi-backed government in 2014, while Saudi Arabia has led a devastating air campaign against the Houthis since the following year.

Saudi Arabia has also accused Iran of helping the Houthis attack it.

In the most serious incident of its kind, drones and missiles struck major Saudi oil facilities in 2019, causing damage and disruption to production. Saudi Arabia and its US ally blamed Iran for the attack - something Iran denied.

Previous attempts at reconciliation have been unsuccessful, but on Friday the two countries said they would reopen embassies within two months. They will also re-establish trade and security relations.

The US cautiously welcomed the announcement. White House National Security Council spokesman John Kirby said the administration supported "any effort to de-escalate tensions in the region". But he added: "It really does remain to be seen if Iran is going to meet their obligations."

The secretary-general is ready to help efforts "to ensure durable peace and security in the Gulf region", his spokesman said.

Israel, which has called for maximum pressure on Iran over its nuclear programme, has not commented.

Swedish star Loreen is the bookmaker's favourite to win the contest

Sweden's Loreen has sailed through to the grand final of the Eurovision Song Contest, cementing her position as this year's favourite.

The star, who previously won in 2012, clasped her hands to cover her eyes as it was announced she had qualified from the first semi-final in Liverpool.

Ireland were less fortunate, with the rock band Wild Youth on their way home after failing to attract enough votes.

The country has now failed to qualify on eight of their last 10 attempts.

The continuation of that losing streak will cause much soul-searching in the nation that holds the record for the most Eurovision victories of all time - seven in total.

The last time they qualified was 2018, when Ryan O'Shaughnessy entered with his song Together.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Night one's most iconic Eurovision performances (UK only)

Ireland's Eurovision commentator Marty Whelan could not hide his disappointment.

"Everything was absolutely perfect, they were fantastic," he said live on RTÉ One as the news sunk in.

"There's things I want to say, there's things I want to share. You can probably get it from the tone of my voice, what I'm thinking, that this is... Ugh, this is just such a shame.

"But the votes didn't come. So we are not qualifying again this year from Liverpool when we had great expectations, as the famous book says."

Ireland's Wild Youth had been endorsed by Lewis Capaldi and former One Direction star Niall Horan

Tuesday's semi-final at the Liverpool Arena saw 15 acts competing for a place in Saturday's grand final. These are the ones who made the cut.

Rock bands fared badly in the public vote, with Latvia's Sudden Lights and Malta's The Busker joining Ireland on the chopping block.

The other artists whose journey ended on Tuesday were Azerbaijani twins TuralTuranX and the Netherlands' Mia Nicolai and Dion Cooper.

The show was hosted by Alesha Dixon, Julia Sanina and Hannah Waddingham

Ten more acts will progress to the main competition after Thursday's second semi-final. The "Big Five" countries, who contribute the most financially to the competition (France, Germany, Spain, the UK and Italy) qualify automatically, as do last year's winners Ukraine.

Liverpool is hosting the competition on Ukraine's behalf, due to the ongoing Russian invasion of their country.

The impact of the war was referenced throughout the two-hour show. Songs like Switzerland's Watergun and Croatia's Mama ŠČ! denounced conflict and bloodlust, while the Czech band Vesna sang elements of their song in Ukrainian as a show of solidarity with their near-neighbours.

During the interval, Ukrainian star Alyosha performed a mournful version of Duran Duran's Ordinary World, that emphasised the pain of being separated from your loved ones.

The singer fled to America with her three children when the war began, but her husband, Taras Topolja, frontman of the rock band Antitila, was required to stay at home.

As she duetted with Liverpudlian X-Factor star Rebecca Ferguson, text messages from families fleeing the country flashed up on giant video screens and the arena was lit up in the Ukrainian national colours of blue and yellow.

Speaking before the contest, Alyosha dedicated her sobering and beautiful performance to forced migrants around the world.

The half-time show also saw pop star Rita Ora performing a medley of her hits, including Anywhere and Praising You.

She was joined on stage by 12-year-old Ukrainian refugee Sofiia, who has now settled in the UK. Ora said the youngster's plight reminded her of her own family's experience of fleeing the Balkan War in the 1990s "and how I will be forever grateful to the UK for showing us kindness and compassion".

"Sofiia opens my performance this evening playing with a ball, representing the loss of childhood for these poor refugees," she wrote on Twitter. "We love you Ukraine, we all perform tonight, for you."

The evening kicked off with a short video featuring famous faces from around Liverpool including Wirral-born TV baker Paul Hollywood, Ukrainian Everton footballer Vitalii Mykolenko and the late Paul O'Grady.

The video also contained a surprise cameo from the King and Queen, who unveiled the contest's stage last month.

Israel's Noa Kirel gave one of the night's most athletic performances

The royal theme continued with the opening act, Norwegian singer Alessandra, whose barnstorming electropop number Queen of Kings featured a costume inspired by Queen Elizabeth I.

After that, the audience were treated to ballroom dancers, a Portuguese Moulin Rouge routine, and a re-enactment of a traditional Moldovan wedding ceremony.

Co-host Alesha Dixon even recalled her days in the girl band Mis-Teeq, with a rap about the history of the song contest.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Alesha Dixon's Eurovision rap at the first semi-final in Liverpool (UK only)

Noa Kirel - Israel's answer to Beyoncé - received an enthusiastic response for her song Unicorn, and its pneumatic dance routine. And Finland's Käärijä raised the roof with his utterly bonkers thrash techno track Cha Cha Cha.

The night's most outrageous costumes came courtesy of Croatian shock rockers Let 3, who dressed in leather fetish gear before stripping down to white underwear.

Let 3's song was a thinly-veiled attack on Russia's Vladimir Putin

Käärijä's rock-pop hybrid Cha Cha Cha is seen as the biggest challenger to Loreen

However, Loreen was the artist who had the arena in the palm of her hand, with a soaring performance of Tattoo - a song about a love so deep and intense that it becomes engraved on her heart.

Performing in a nude catsuit between two giant LED screens, she threw down the gauntlet to the rest of the 2023 contestants.

But over the weekend, the star said she wasn't too concerned about winning.

"No, I care about creating something that is real," she replied. "So my fear is compromising, my fear is that it's not authentic."

Deportation flights to Albania from the UK have increased following a joint co-operation agreement in December 2022

Albanian authorities have confirmed that most of its citizens forcibly sent back home from the UK this year were convicted of crimes there. The BBC has spoken to those men sent home, and learnt that some prisoners were offered £1,500 to leave - and some plan to come back.

Each week, a small crowd gathers at the razor-wire fence tucked around the back of Albania's Tirana airport.

The narrow runway beyond it, pinched between jagged black mountains and the high grey walls of the border police unit, is where UK deportation flights land - closely watched by the families waiting at the fence.

It takes hours for the deportees to appear, trickling slowly through the gate to be met with hugs, shy smiles and tears.

Deportation flights to Albania have increased since the country signed a joint co-operation agreement with the UK last December, to "deter and disrupt illegal migration".

The UK government's Home Office says more than 1,000 people have been returned since then: around half of them voluntary, the rest a combination of failed asylum seekers and foreign offenders.

The BBC spoke to dozens of people on several of these deportation flights last month, and found that most came from UK prisons.

Some had been offered money in return for agreeing to deportation, and were released from prison before serving their minimum sentence, under an existing scheme used for foreign offenders.

Albanian police confirmed that a majority of those forcibly returned this year were convicted of crimes in the UK.

One cheerful 30-year-old man said he had been serving a six-year sentence for drug offences, and was released for deportation after serving just two of them - a year before he would have been eligible for parole.

He asked us to hide his identity, so we're calling him Mark.

The man who we're calling Mark asked the BBC not to identify him

"The immigration officer came to see us," he said. "They ask if you want to go back [to Albania] or stay in UK. They explained that if you go back, they take one year off from your sentence."

Mark was also offered £1,500 in financial support to return home, under a separate programme called the Facilitated Return Scheme (FRS).

A UK government document clearly states that the scheme is "a financial incentive" offered to foreign prisoners "on the proviso that they co-operate with deportation and waive their right to appeal against it".

Other prisoners we spoke to on the deportation flights last month had been given the same amount.

Mark was deported under the UK's Early Release Scheme (ERS), used for foreign prisoners of all nationalities.

ERS does not require the consent of prisoners, but several Albanian deportees we spoke to, including Mark, said their deportation and sentence reduction were presented as voluntary.

"It was my choice to come back," Mark told me. "Nobody forced me. They offered it to me. They said, 'You decide if you want to go or want to stay'."

We asked the Home Office to confirm how many Albanians had been deported under the ERS since the start of last year, and how many had received financial incentives to co-operate, but it said it did not publish these statistics.

A spokesperson said in a statement: "The UK and Albanian governments work together to take every opportunity to intercept the work of people smugglers and speed up the removal of Albanians with no legal right to be in the UK."

In March, Edi Rama (right) became the first Albanian prime minister to visit 10 Downing Street

Last year, the government's Nationality and Borders Act extended the early release period allowed under the ERS from nine months to a year. One of the aims of that change, according to a Home Office brief, was to increase the number of removals.

The same Act also abolished the expiry date for unserved sentences, meaning that prisoners who return to the UK illegally will have to serve the rest of their sentence, no matter how much time has passed - increasing the deterrent for people like Mark.

"I'm not going back there again," he said. "I'm not going to prison. Now I'm going to look for work, I'm going to be a good guy."

But several of those on the deportation flights last month said they were planning to return to the UK within weeks or even days, despite what many described as a new hard-line approach by police there.

"They're rounding up Albanians now," one man said. "It's very difficult for Albanians to stay in the UK because police stop you in the road. They don't want us now."

He said he had been sent back to Albania after police stopped the car he was in and found he was undocumented.

He is still planning to return.

Another man said he had already been back and forth to the UK three times. "It's not a problem for me," he said. "I'll go back whenever I want."

For many of those we spoke to, it was economic opportunities that drew them to the UK.

Not for Azem, though - a slight man in his late twenties, who seemed lost inside his clothes.

Azem - not his real name - talks to the BBC's Lucy Williamson on a disused railway track

Azem - not his real name - told us his story on condition of anonymity. He also insisted we meet somewhere remote, where he wouldn't be overheard.

On a disused railway track over a pretty river sunk into the rolling landscape outside Tirana, Azem talked, his hands trembling.

He showed me documents detailing his removal from the UK, and the rejection of his asylum claim. He told immigration officials he had fled Albania after gang members put a gun to his head and threatened to kill him for his political activities.

He was returned back to Albania against his wishes last month.

"I'm afraid because the same situation can happen again," he said. "I've stayed quiet, I don't smile, I'm stressed and my body shakes all the time, I don't sleep much."

A UK psychologist's report, filed just before Azem's deportation, raised concerns that he may have experienced psychological torture in Albania.

A Home Office response said his experiences had already been considered in his asylum application, and that the decision was unchanged.

Azem told me he wouldn't hesitate to return to the UK illegally if he was threatened again, despite being blacklisted from entering the UK and EU countries. Albanians have free movement to countries like France and Belgium, which offer an easy springboard across the Channel.

Albanian police have recently stepped up checks at the country's border crossings, to catch blacklisted deportees trying to slip across.

The increased co-operation between the UK and Albania has coincided with a sharp drop in the number of Albanians arriving in small boats; just 29 were detected in the first few months of this year.

Much of that drop is likely to be seasonal and with the winter weather now easing, both governments are facing the first real test of their approach to tackling irregular migration.

Albania's Interior Minister Bledar Çuçi said those who return are "free citizens"

I asked Albania's Interior Minister Bledar Çuçi what his country was doing to prevent the recent deportees simply returning to the UK.

"It's not possible to put a chip in everyone to follow where they go," he said. "If there are people with criminal records, especially in trafficking, then police will be on alert. But in general, the people who return are free citizens in Albania."

But alongside work on illegal migration, he said, the two governments needed to work on legal routes for Albanian citizens to reach the UK.

"I have suggested to my colleague, [UK Home Secretary] Suella Braverman, that we should also create the immediate legalisation of all Albanians who work in [the UK] at an honest job, and who have no criminal record," Mr Çuçi added.

Both Albania and British governments recognise the economic pull of the UK.

In the tiny northern-Albanian town of Krumë, 60% of the population has already gone. The first man I meet on the street there speaks English effortlessly, with a London accent.

Local politicians say more of the town's voters now live in east London than here at home.

Even those who remain here go to a café called "Britain" for their morning coffee; its entrance adorned with a full-sized London phone box.

The tiny northern Albanian town of Krumë features a café called Britain, with a red phone box outside

The UK is putting more than £8m into training projects and businesses in Kukës - the region where Krumë lies - through an organisation that aims to change what it calls the "cultural norm" of illegal migration to the UK.

The Albanian government is also investing in infrastructure here, including a new airport. But locals have so far seen few tangible benefits.

We meet local mayoral candidate Miftar Dauti at a campaign rally for young people - his arrival greeted by an enthusiastic crowd of young supporters, and a deafening sound system playing a song called Democracy.

"What's the system where people don't dare to say what they think?" the lyrics scream. "Where journalists don't dare to say what's happening? Where the law only applies to you? Democracy, democracy, democracy!"

A strange choice for an election campaign, perhaps.

Mr Dauti is promising to stop the town's young people leaving for the UK. But even here amongst his own young supporters in the village hall, that promise is struggling to land.

"I want to be back in the UK," a lively, baby-faced supporter called Valda told me, as he watched the candidate leave. "This place isn't for me. I've been in the UK for two years and I want to be back there."

At a local park in Kukës town centre, grandparents watch young children play football beneath the snow-capped mountains, while single-sex groups of teenagers wander along the paths.

Locals say some children here say they want to be migrants when they leave school.

In one version of Albania's future, British tourists might flock here, transfixed by this region's stunning landscape.

But as so many young people here will tell you, futures don't happen in Kukes. They happen in the UK.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Police in Northern Ireland have described a petrol-bomb attack on officers in Londonderry as "senseless and reckless".

Petrol bombs and other missiles were thrown at officers during an illegal republican parade on Monday.

They were in an armoured police Land Rover in the Creggan area of the city where the parade began when they were targeted shortly after 14:00 BST.

The violence comes on the eve of US President Joe Biden's visit to NI.

Mr Biden is due in Belfast on Tuesday, when he will give an address as part of the commemoration of the 25th anniversary of the Good Friday peace agreement.

Monday's parade was led by more than a dozen people in paramilitary-style dress.

Young hooded men prepare to throw a petrol bomb at police vehicle in Londonderry.

"Shortly after the parade commenced, petrol bombs and other objects were thrown at one of our vehicles at the junction of Iniscarn Road and Linsfort Drive," Ch Supt Nigel Goddard said.

Masked youths were observed making petrol bombs and participating in the attack.

"This was a senseless and reckless attack on our officers who were in attendance in the area in order to comply with our legal duties," Ch Supt Goddard added.

He described the violence as "incredibly disheartening".

The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) said none of its officers had been injured and appealed for calm.

The parade ended at Derry's City Cemetery where about 300 people took part in an event to commemorate the anniversary of the 1916 Easter Rising.

Youths wearing masks set fire to bins and blocked one of the main roads leading into Creggan.

"As participants at the parade made their way out of the City Cemetery, they removed their paramilitary uniforms under the cover of umbrellas and burnt them," Ch Supt Goddard said.

"As the parade was un-notified, police were in attendance with a proportionate policing operation."

Northern Ireland Secretary Chris Heaton-Harris told BBC News NI it was "very, very disappointing that people have gone ahead with a march that's not been notified to the police".

"Hopefully it will calm down very, very quickly and the police can go about their business because they're there to protect all communities across Northern Ireland," he added.

Alliance Party leader Naomi Long said it was "utterly tragic" to watch people born after the Good Friday Agreement attack police.

"They are being groomed by adults who have nothing to offer but misery and destruction," the former Stormont justice minister said.

DUP MP Gregory Campbell called the scenes in Creggan "deplorable" and called for action to catch those responsible.

Sinn Féin deputy leader Michelle O'Neill said the disorder had no place in society and that political leaders must "stand united appealing to all those concerned to end these attacks and refrain from further threats of violence".

SDLP leader Colum Eastwood said "there are kids with no memory or experience of the violence of 25 years ago and they're being exploited and abused by people with no vision for the future".

Last week the PSNI said there was potential for public disorder over Easter, with "very strong intelligence" suggesting dissident republicans were planning attacks in Derry.

Chief Constable Simon Byrne had said the disorder could be an attempt to draw officers into gun or bomb ambushes.

Heidi Crowter brought the case against the government over its abortion legislation

A woman with Down's syndrome fighting against abortion laws says she is taking her case to the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR).

Heidi Crowter previously challenged legislation allowing foetuses with the condition to be aborted up until birth.

But in November 2022 Judges at the Court of Appeal decided the Abortion Act did not interfere with the rights of the living disabled.

The campaigner had argued that the rules were discriminatory.

Ms Crowter, 27, from Coventry, said she was taking her case to the Strasbourg court "because it is downright discrimination that people with disabilities are treated differently".

"In 2023, we live in a society where disabled people are valued equally after birth but not in the womb," she said.

Under legislation in England, Wales and Scotland, there is a 24-week time limit for abortion, unless "there is a substantial risk that if the child were born it would suffer from such physical or mental abnormalities as to be seriously handicapped", which includes Down's syndrome.

In September 2021, High Court judges found the section of the Abortion Act pertaining to the condition to not be unlawful, adding that it aimed to strike a balance between the rights of the unborn child and of women, in a case brought by Ms Crowter and Maire Lea-Wilson from west London, whose son Aidan has Down's syndrome.

Posting on social media Ms Crowter said her legal team had sought permission to appeal to the ECHR after the UK Supreme Court refused to hear her case.

If successful, a European Court ruling "could not only have implications for the United Kingdom, but also set a legal precedent for all 46 countries that are members of the Council of Europe," said campaign group Don't Screen Us Out.

Follow BBC West Midlands on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: newsonline.westmidlands@bbc.co.uk

Journalists have been told to stop stealing souvenirs from US President Joe Biden's official aircraft.

An inventory check on Air Force One after Mr Biden's visit to the US west coast in February found several items were missing from its press section.

Branded pillowcases, glasses and gold-rimmed plates are among the items that have allegedly vanished from the jet.

The White House Correspondents' Association warned that taking items from the plane was forbidden.

Last month, the association sent an email to reporters to say that such behaviour reflected poorly on the press pool - the group of journalists who travel with the president - and must stop.

Journalists are sometimes given small packages of M&Ms chocolates decorated with the presidential seal as a souvenir.

But taking items with an Air Force One logo - including cutlery and towels - has been commonplace for years, reports claim.

Misha Komadovsky, White House Correspondent from the Voice of America, has gathered a "subtle" collection of items from his trips on the president's plane.

M&Ms from Air Force One pictured in 2016 during Barack Obama's presidency.

"I didn't embarrass anyone or commit any wrongdoing to put this collection together," he told BBC News, as he held up a paper cup with the Air Force One logo he "simply forgot to throw away".

Mr Komadovsky also has a box of the presidential M&Ms with Mr Biden's signature.

"Spoiler alert. They are regular M&Ms in a nice box," he said.

Air Force One, which the White House calls the president's "office in the sky", has 4,000 sq feet (372 sq m) of floor space spread over three levels.

Its impressive facilities include an extensive suite for the president, a medical station with an operating table, a conference and dining room, two food preparation galleys that can feed 100 people at a time, and designated areas for the press, VIPs, security and secretarial staff.

With its advanced avionics and defences, the aircraft is classed as a military aircraft, designed to withstand an air attack.

It is also capable of refuelling mid-air, allowing it to fly for an unlimited time - crucial in an emergency.

Air Force One is also equipped with secure communications equipment, allowing the aircraft to function as a mobile command centre.

There are 85 onboard telephones, a collection of two-way radios and computer connections.

The president sits up front, while journalists are stationed towards the rear of the plane.
• None Special M&Ms and James Bond - a trip on Air Force One

The Euclid telescope has successfully launched into space on a mission to understand some of the Universe's greatest mysteries.

The €1.4bn (£1.2bn) telescope was primed to go up on a Falcon-9 rocket from Cape Canaveral in Florida on Saturday.

Euclid's goal is to make an immense 3D map of the cosmos in a bid to better understand so-called dark matter and dark energy.

Researchers know virtually nothing about these phenomena, which appear to control the structure and expansion of the cosmos.

Although primarily a European Space Agency project, the mission also has significant scientific and engineering inputs from the US space agency Nasa.

Euclid will carry out its work from an observing position on the opposite side of our planet to the Sun.

There have been calls for Orkney to become part of Norway

Orkney councillors have voted to investigate alternative methods of governance amid deep frustrations over funding and opportunities.

Council leader James Stockan said the islands had been "held down" and accused the Scottish and UK governments of discrimination.

His motion led to media speculation that Orkney could leave the UK or become a self-governing territory of Norway.

It was supported by 15 votes to six.

It means council officers have been asked to publish a report to Orkney's chief executive on options of governance.

This includes looking at the "Nordic connections" of the archipelago and crown dependencies such as Jersey and Guernsey.

A further change which would see the revival of a consultative group on constitutional reform for the islands was accepted without the need for a vote.

On Monday, the prime minister's spokesperson rejected the suggestion the islands could loosen its ties with the union.

Mr Stockan urged councillors to back his idea to find new ways to get greater financial security and economic opportunities for Orcadians.

Speaking to councillors on Tuesday, he said the motion was "not about us joining Norway".

He added: "I say it's time for government to take us seriously and I say it's time for us to look at all the options we've got.

"There is a far bigger suite of options here - this could even be that we could get our money direct from the Treasury in London and look after our own future.

"We have been held down and we all know most of what I could say today in terms of discrimination against this community from governments. We all know how much less we get compared to other island groups."

Council leader James Stockan says Orkney does not get fair funding within the UK

Orkney Islands Council previously voted in 2017 to look at whether the islands could have greater autonomy.

While councillors wanted to have a "stronger voice", they did not back full independence for Orkney.

Currently, most of the island's 21 councillors sit as independents - two are Greens.

Mr Stockan has said an ageing ferry fleet is among the issues being faced by islanders.

He previously told the BBC the situation was "critical" because the ferries, which are older than the Western Isles fleet, were beginning to fail.

His concerns were widely shared by other councillors, however some raised issues with self-governance, such as the cost of carrying out such investigations.

Cllr Steven Heddle also mentioned disadvantages including having to buy back the sea bed, and tuition fees for students wishing to study in Scotland.

He called Mr Stockan's efforts "politics of grievance" and said that every council felt hard done by, citing roads in Edinburgh that were "worse" than Orkney's despite the council having far more funding.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak's official spokesperson said: "First and foremost there is no mechanism for the conferral of Crown Dependency or Overseas Territory status on any part of the UK.

"We have no plans to change the devolution settlement we are supporting Orkney with £50m to grow the economic prosperity of the Scottish islands, through the islands deal.

"But the government's position is that the UK is stronger united."

Orkney was previously held under Norwegian and Danish control until it became part of Scotland in 1472.

The islands were used as security for the wedding dowry of Margaret of Denmark, the future wife of King James III of Scotland.

The Scottish government said in 2023-24 Orkney Islands Council would receive £89.7m to fund services, with an extra £4.6m from an increase in council tax by 10%.

A spokesperson added it was "committed to supporting island communities".

The Norwegian government declined to comment on the proposals.

Today's vote was never about Orkney becoming part of Norway, or any of the other headlines we've seen over recent days.

Rather it was a chance for councillors to express their extreme frustration with what they see as the unfair deal they get from the Scottish and UK governments, with council leader James Stockan saying the islands had been failed by both of them.

The successful passing of the motion is the first of many hurdles in Orkney gaining a degree of greater autonomy.

Council officials will now be tasked with investigating options. Mr Stockan said that "nothing was off the table" - including of course the much-publicised return to Norway or Denmark.

Reaction to the vote on the streets of Kirkwall has been fairly mixed.

Some don't want to see any tax-payer money devoted to what one councillor described as "frankly bizarre fantasies".

Others feel that the council does get a raw deal from both Holyrood and Westminster, and that anything that gets the two governments to sit up and pay attention is worth looking at.

The eyes of the global media have been on Orkney for the past few days.

It's now up to the islands council to capitalise on that attention.

The Strangford Lough Ferry service will be suspended for seven days due to the strike

Hundreds of schoolchildren who use the Strangford Ferry in County Down face disruption over the next seven days due to strike action by ferry workers.

The service will not be operational for a week, meaning commuters will have to find an alternative means of transport.

One principal said four of his pupils will be left without any way of getting to school.

The trade union Unite said members voted to strike after rejecting a pay offer of £552 extra per year.

Its general secretary, Sharon Graham, said the offer was a "slap in the face" for those responsible for the maintenance of vital public services and infrastructure.

The strike action began at 00:01 BST on Thursday and will continue until 00:00 on Wednesday 26 April.

Unite and GMB union members within the roads service and forestry service have also begun industrial action.

With a journey time of 10 minutes, the ferry crossing can save a 50-mile drive around Strangford Lough from Portaferry to Strangford.

Among those on strike is skipper Jonathon Brownlee who said any disruption was "regrettable" but staff has come "to the end of the road."

"After 15 years of austerity, our pay has now fallen about 15% behind where prices have pushed inflation," he told BBC News NI.

"In addition to that we know for a fact that we aren't being paid the market value for the job we do and we are being taken for granted."

Strangford Ferry skipper Jonathan Brownlee said he believed workers were "being taken advantage of" by their employers

Alan Perry of the GMB union said that the strike would have a huge impact which was "entirely avoidable".

"Workers are demanding a fair pay increase to protect themselves and their families from surging prices," he added.

One of the affected pupils, Owen, travels on the ferry to St Patrick's Grammar School in Downpatrick.

He told BBC News NI on Thursday that he may be more tired than usual but added at least it is only for a week.

"I found out on Tuesday; some people found out quicker than me, today it was just awkward getting up that bit earlier and not knowing what is going to happen," he said.

St Patrick's Grammar School pupil Owen admits he may be more tired than usual this week

The Department for Infrastructure said it would not be able to provide the minimum number of crew needed to safely operate the ferry service and it had no option but to suspend services during the strike period.

Speaking about the wider industrial action, the department added: "While contingency arrangements are in place, to limit potential impacts as much as possible, this strike action will affect many of our routine and emergency response functions."

It said this will affect the repair of serious infrastructure defects such as manhole collapse or potholes, reduce its capacity to respond to flood emergencies and will also affect the response to incidents on the road such as oil spills.

The principal of St Patrick's Grammar said as many as 90 pupils could be affected by the suspension of the ferry service.

However, he said the Education Authority and Translink coordinated with the school to make alternative arrangements.

Mr McCann said the suspension of the ferry would add an extra 30 minutes each way to their normal journey time.

"We are delighted that our students can still get to school whilst still being respectful of the rights of Unite workers," he continued.

The Education Authority told BBC News NI that it had established contingency arrangements for 20, 21 and 24 April, which , while it was looking at plans for 25 and 26 April.

It added that those plans "may be impacted further by other industrial action taking place during this time".

James Hay, principal of St Columba's College in Portaferry, said seven of his pupils take the Strangford Ferry to school.

Three of them live in Strangford, the other lives in the countryside but none of them qualify for free transport.

"Now because those children don't have a bus pass or provision they are likely to not to have any way of getting into school," he said.

Mr Hay heard about the strike happening on Monday evening and said he was taken aback by the short notice.

The GMB union says the pay offer equates to an increase of around 28p per hour

Road service workers in Northern Ireland are among those striking over pay across Northern Ireland.

Aaron McGrotty, of the GMB union, was on the picket line at the Roads Service depot in Londonderry.

He said members want to work but have been left with no option but to strike following a "paltry pay offer" aimed at settling the dispute.

"It works out to around 28 pence per hour, that is absolutely disgusting for the amount of work a lot of employees do," he told BBC Radio Foyle.

"They have been underpaid for a long, long time. Enough is enough."

Labour would give people greater choice over where they receive hospital treatment, the shadow health secretary has pledged.

Wes Streeting said organising waiting lists by region would give patients more freedom and help tackle backlogs.

Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer is expected to commit to delivering the idea across England during a speech on Monday.

The address is also expected to include new pledges on NHS targets.

It will be the third in a series of speeches he is making on Labour's five "missions" for government if it wins power. These missions are likely to form the backbone of the party's manifesto at the next general election, expected in 2024.

Speaking on the BBC's Sunday with Laura Kuenssberg programme, Mr Streeting said organising waiting lists on a regional basis would give patients "real choice" over where they are seen.

The party says this would allow patients to get treatment more quickly if queues are shorter at nearby hospitals.

Under Labour's plan, it is understood that waiting lists would be shared across integrated care systems - coalitions of several neighbouring NHS trusts that usually cover populations of between 500,000 and 3 million people.

Patients already have some rights to choose where they receive non-urgent care under NHS England's constitution, but the party sees this option as under-used.

In his BBC interview, Mr Streeting said many patients were unaware about their rights to choice over treatment, or don't "feel the freedom to exercise that choice".

He said that a trial in West Yorkshire, where NHS trusts are sharing waiting lists for conditions affecting blood vessels, showed the approach worked.

The change would also "build more capacity in the system", he added, to help tackle waiting lists that have ballooned since the pandemic.

Elsewhere, Mr Streeting said Labour also wanted to see a greater share of NHS spending outside of hospitals to tackle health problems earlier.

He said that the proportions of spending were "very different" in other developed economies that have "much better outcomes than we have here in the UK".

"We under invest in primary care, community services, mental health, diagnostics, and capital, and we've got to shift that focus," he added.

"Lots of hospital trust leaders are already doing this. They recognise that the pressure we see in hospitals is in part driven by the clogged front door to the NHS in primary care and community services as well as delayed discharges in social care."

Speaking on Sunday with Laura Kuenssberg, former Tory chairman Sir Jake Berry rubbished Labour's approach, saying the party was aiming to "do more of what the Conservative government is already doing".

The government says it wants to boost community NHS services. It recently announced plans to let high street pharmacies prescribe a greater range of common prescription drugs, including antibiotics, to ease the pressure on GPs.

And as part of efforts to cut waiting lists, ministers say new community "diagnostic centres" opening this year will allow people to access checks and scans for conditions such as cancer, heart disease or lung disease without travelling to a hospital.

Labour does not want to make multiple expensive promises. But it might be tricky to translate its ambitions into concrete plans that the public believe will make an immediate difference - and getting voters excited about structural changes to the NHS might be a tall order.

Mr Streeting also confirmed that a review of social care policy carried out for the party will be published next month.

The report, by a Labour-affiliated think tank, is expected to inform the party's position on social care ahead of the next election.

He did not offer details of what will be in the blueprint, but said Labour has previously stressed the need to improve pay in the sector, as well supporting people more in their own homes.

The Walt Disney Company has scrapped a plan to invest nearly $1bn (£806m) to build a new corporate campus in Florida, it announced.

The reversal comes amid an escalating feud between the entertainment giant and the state's Republican-led government headed by Ron DeSantis.

The plan would have seen about 2,000 employees relocate to a Disney-owned complex at Lake Nona, near Orlando.

The cancellation was announced in an internal email to employees on Thursday.

The email, seen by BBC News, said the company's decision was the result of "considerable changes" that have taken place since it was first announced.

In the email, Josh D'Amaro, the head of Disney's theme park division, also referred to "changing business conditions".

While the email does not mention politics or Mr DeSantis, it has been interpreted as alluding to mounting tensions between Disney and Florida lawmakers.

"Disney announced the possibility of a Lake Nona campus nearly two years ago. Nothing ever came of the project, and the state was unsure whether it would come to fruition," Mr DeSantis' office said in a statement.

"Given the company's financial straits, falling market cap and declining stock price, it is unsurprising that they would restructure their business operations and cancel unsuccessful ventures."

The internal Disney email noted that the decision to scrap the project comes after "new leadership" at the company, referring to the sudden departure in November of ex-CEO Bob Chapek.

The Lake Nona campus, which had not been built, would have been a new home for employees at the firm's secretive theme park research and development arm, known as Imagineers, who were asked to move from California to Florida.

Mr D'Amaro's email said relocation would no longer be required and it would discuss next steps with those he said had already done so.

Many of the jobs that were supposed to relocate to Florida were higher paid, white collar and tech-focused positions.

The Orlando Business Journal reported the project was valued at about $867m and that the average annual wage for the positions was $120,000.

Bob Iger, the former chief executive who made a stunning return to replace his successor, Mr Chapek, has announced sweeping changes to boost the firm's business, which has come under pressure as the traditional movie and television industries decline.

Disney launched a streaming offering, Disney+, in 2019, but it remains loss making.

Unlike other media companies, Disney has been shielded by the popularity of its theme parks, which have kept the firm profitable.

But the value of its share price has halved since peaking in March 2021, as investors predict a tough road ahead.

Earlier this year, Mr Iger announced a plan to save $5.5bn, involving a sweeping reorganisation of the company's operations and roughly 7,000 job losses.

Among the cuts, announced separately on Thursday, was the closure of a 100-room Star Wars-themed immersive hotel experience at one of its Florida theme parks.

The relationship between Disney and Florida - where it employs more than 70,000 staff - began deteriorating last year after Mr DeSantis condemned the company for opposing a state law banning discussion of sexual orientation or gender identity in public schools.

In April, Florida also moved to take control of the Reedy Creek Improvement District - covering the 25,000-acre area known as Walt Disney World - a self-governing zone, with utilities and a fire department.

State lawmakers voted to give Mr DeSantis the power to appoint members to the district's governing board, removing that authority from landowners, of which Disney was by far the biggest.

The move prompted a lawsuit from Disney, accusing state officials of conducting "a relentless campaign to weaponise government power against Disney in retaliation for expressing a political viewpoint unpopular with certain state officials".

Disney's parks in Florida have long been one of its most-popular attractions, bringing in about 50 million visitors each year.

In a call with investors a week ago, Mr Iger questioned Florida's interest in having Disney grow in the state.

"Does the state want us to invest more, employ more people and pay more taxes, or not?" Mr Iger asked.

Aubrey Jewett, a politics professor at the University of Central Florida, said he believed Mr DeSantis and his allies "did not think about the longer-term ramifications of their actions" when they moved to "punish Disney for speaking out".

"They weren't going to move the Disney World complex someplace else. But as Disney has just shown, that's not the only investment and jobs they were talking about creating in Florida."

Erin Huntley, the chair of the Republican Party in Orange County, where Disney World is located, said "it's a different ballgame" now compared to when Walt Disney first realised the area's potential in the 1960s.

"People are still wanting to come here, no matter what battles are going on," she told the BBC. "Central Florida is more than just Disney."

Mr DeSantis is expected to announce a 2024 presidential bid next week. His likely rival, Donald Trump, said in a statement that Mr DeSantis was being "absolutely destroyed by Disney" and that his "political stunt" of battling them was "all so unnecessary".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Additional reporting by Natalie Sherman in New York.

CORRECTION: The headline in the initial versions of this story misstated the value of Disney's investment in billions rather than millions.

Last updated on .From the section Motorsport

Dutch racing driver Dilano van 't Hoff has died after a crash at a race in the Formula Regional European Championship.

The 18-year-old MP Motorsport driver was competing in the second race at the Spa-Francorchamps circuit in Belgium, organisers announced.

French driver Anthoine Hubert lost his life at the same circuit during a Formula 2 race in 2019.

The race organisers said: "We want to express our sincere condolences to the family, team and friends."

They added: "Royal Automobile Club of Belgium, the Circuit of Spa-Francorchamps and SRO Motorsports Group join Alpine and ACI in expressing their sincerest condolences to the driver's family, team and friends."

Organisers of the headline GT race, the 24 Hours of Spa, said on social media: "All start line entertainments for the 24 Hours of Spa have been cancelled and there will be a minute's silence before the start of the race to honour the memory of Dilano."

The Formula Regional European Championship by Alpine is a European Formula Three racing series intended to be a stepping stone to the FIA Formula Three Championship.

Formula 1 boss Stefano Domenicali said on Twitter: "We are so sad to learn of the passing of Dilano van 't Hoff today at Spa-Francorchamps.

"Dilano died in pursuit of his dream to reach the pinnacle of motorsport. Along with the entire motorsport community, our thoughts are with his family and loved ones."

McLaren also added: "The McLaren Racing Team are deeply saddened to hear of the passing of Dilano van 't Hoff in a Formula Regional race at Spa-Francorchamps today.

"Our thoughts are with his family, friends, and the entire MP Motorsport team at this difficult time."

Iraqi authorities have vowed to try to repatriate all stolen artefacts

A 2,800-year-old stone tablet has gone on display in Iraq after being returned by Italy following nearly four decades.

The artefact is inscribed with complete cuneiform text - a system of writing on clay in an ancient Babylonian alphabet.

Italian authorities handed it over to Iraq's President Abdul Latif Rashid in the city of Bologna last week.

It is not clear how the tablet was found - or how it made its way to Italy where it was seized by police in the 1980s.

Iraqi Culture Minister Ahmed Badrani said that it might have been found during archaeological excavations of the Mosul Dam, which was built around that time.

Iraq, often described as the "cradle of civilisation", is known, among others, for the world's first writing.

In the late 8th Century, the country's Bayt al-Hikmah (House of Wisdom) was home to the largest library of books on science, art, maths, medicine and philosophy.

Looting of the country's antiquities intensified following the US-led invasion 20 years ago.

Iraq's president praised the co-operation shown by Italy and said he would work to recover all the archaeological pieces of Iraqi history from abroad.

The 52-date tour is currently only scheduled to play in the US

It's been five years since Taylor Swift last went on tour, during which time she's released four albums, including the Grammy Award-winning Folklore.

Her live absence - enforced by the pandemic - was clearly a source of frustration, because her first show back was a three-hour, fifteen-minute extravaganza, including 44 songs from across her career.

"I can't even go into how much I've missed you," Swift told fans, as she took to the stage for the opening night of her Eras tour.

The star had promised the show would be "a journey through all of my musical eras" and the appetite for tickets was so great that it caused Ticketmaster's systems to fall over.

Despite that, the tour broke the record for the most concert tickets sold by an artist in a single day, at 2.4 million.

About 80,000 of those fans attended the first show at Arizona's State Farm Stadium, where they were treated to a trawl through Swift's hugely varied back catalogue.

The set was split into sections, one for each of her 10 albums, tracing her journey from country ingénue to chart-topping pop star to lockdown-era folk singer (albeit with a mixed-up chronology).

She opened with Miss Americana & The Heartbreak Prince, a cherished fan favourite from 2019's Lover album, before segueing into the dreamy pop of Cruel Summer.

Dressed in a diamond-encrusted leotard outfit and surrounded by dancers with elaborate peacock tails, she soaked up the crowd's applause, declaring: "I don't know how to process all of this and how it's making me feel right now.

"[But] let me start by saying you're making me feel fantastic".

The show is a massive production, with 16 dancers, multiple set and costume changes and a long, illuminated catwalk leading to a second stage.

At one point, she appeared to dive into the stage and swim to the middle of the stadium, before emerging on a rising platform to play her recent single, Lavender Haze.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Pop Crave This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Look What You Made You Do was performed against a giant video wall showing Swift in various personas from her 17-year career while Blank Space featured dancers riding blue neon bikes, straight out of Tron.

For the more pastoral songs of Folklore, Swift appeared inside a moss-covered country shack, first seen in her 2021 Grammy Awards performance. Later, on the cutthroat revenge fantasy Vigilante, she performed a Fosse-inspired chair routine.

But the highlight for many was the full 10-minute version of All Too Well - the song she allegedly wrote about actor and ex-boyfriend Jake Gyllenhaal - which was performed in a flowing red overcoat as snowflakes fell across the stage.

Throughout, the audience sang every word in devoted adoration. The feeling was very clearly mutual.

At one point, Swift interrupted her own stage patter to deadpan: "I'm trying to tell you I love you and I'm babbling."

Early reviews for the concert have been enthusiastic, highlighting the extensive setlist and cinematic production values.

"The queen of pop reclaims her throne," declared The Times, adding: "If there is a danger that shifting between 10 such different albums could lead to an uneven experience it is somehow avoided here, with Swift managing to produce a cohesive experience despite the constantly changing outfits and backdrops."

"She managed to make it look easy, enjoying the journey as much as the Swifties in attendance did," agreed local news outlet Arizona Central.

"The Swifties are certainly going to be Enchanted," said Hello magazine, in a review peppered with Swift's song titles.

"It's been a long wait back to this moment, but karma is, indeed, a queen - and this was worth the wait."

"The achievement is often staggering" concluded Billboard, "with costume changes, set-piece upheaval [and] vulnerable moments in a crowd of thousands and sing-alongs that will rival the scope of any tour this year."

The only criticism, from fans and reviewers alike, was that Swift's third album Speak Now was given short shrift, with only one song on the setlist (the understated ballad Enchanted, performed in a ballgown, pictured above).

"She paid this album dust," wrote one concertgoer on Reddit. "The dress was beautiful though."

Rumours are already circulating that the Speak Now section will be expanded during the tour, with Swift expected to release a re-recorded version of the album as part of her ongoing campaign to regain control of her masters.

For now, the 52-date tour is restricted to the US. It is not known whether the extravagant production will come to the rest of the world - but fans are living in hope.

Follow us on Facebook or on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.

The Maremma sheep dogs' white coat means farmers can easily distinguish them from predators such as wolves

Specially-trained guardian dogs from the Alps could be used to help protect new born lambs from sea eagles.

Highland falconers are training two Maremma sheep dogs to look out for the large birds of prey in the sky.

The breed - which have white coats and are easily distinguishable from animals like wolves - typically live with herds driving away predators.

Farmers believe white-tailed sea eagles have killed hundreds of lambs over the last decade.

It is Scotland's largest bird of prey and was reintroduced on the west coast almost 50 years ago.

For years, Italian shepherds have used Maremma sheep dogs to scare off wolves - but falconers hope to train the dogs to look out for predators from above.

Jonathan and Daisy Ames from Rothiemurchus Falconry near Aviemore are training two young Maremma sheep dogs, called Luigi and Peaches, to protect newborn lambs.

"This particular breed dates all the way back to the Romans," said Mr Ames. "They've been around for thousands of years."

During the training - which currently happens for a short time each day - the falconers encourage the dogs to chase a drone with an eagle lure attached.

They want the dogs' protective instinct to kick in when they see a predator threatening a sheep.

The aim is for the dogs to live with and protect the herd full-time.

"It gives them aerial awareness training - and it's a bit of fun as well," said Mr Ames added.

"We have a white-tailed eagle here at the centre and whilst in a controlled environment, we will let the dogs see her eat what they think is a sheep carcass.

"So before they do go and try it for real, they should've seen a predator eating what they think is their sheep."

Sea eagles can have an 8ft (2.4m) long wingspan and are sometimes known as flying barn doors.

The powerful birds of prey can pick up geese and lambs depending on the weather.

"A lot of work has gone into bringing sea eagles back here and it does a lot of good for tourism and the ecosystem," said Mrs Ames.

"They're really bold birds, and they'll learn very quickly that lambs are an easy prey item to take for their chicks.

"But they will also quickly learn that there are predators with those lambs that run and bark at them.

"If the sea eagles get injured they can't hunt and feed their chicks, so they know that the lambs are no longer easy prey."

The dogs will patrol lambing paddocks, instead of trying to protect entire herds.

Mr Ames explained: "From what we understand about eagle behaviour, they don't like heavy confrontation.

"If they perceive these barking dogs as a top predator, they don't want to want to go in and risk being injured."

Once the dogs are trained, they will join a larger flock in December so the sheep have a couple of months to get to know the dogs before they lamb.

John Willie Gilles, the chair of the North Raasay Sheep stock club, has been a crofter since he left school.

John Willie Gilles said the eagles are the biggest problems facing his lambs

Over the last decade crofters in the Highlands say that hundreds of their lambs have been taken by sea eagles.

"It's been an issue since they were introduced," said Mr Gilles.

"We noticed a significant impact on our lambing percentages in 2012, anywhere where the birds were nesting. Our lambing percentages dropped 30% from one year to the next.

"There's no other reason that it would happen - I've seen enough bad weather and any other problems you can have.

"But they are the biggest problem we could have.

"It shows what happens every year: If they're not rearing chicks, they're not killing as many lambs.

"But if they are rearing chicks, then you're finding lambs with a hole in the ribcage and the soft tissue taken away.

"The heart, lungs and liver are taken away to feed the chicks."

He added: "I don't know what the solution is, but something's got to be done."

Mr Ames hopes that if the project is successful, it could secure funding to help other farmers.

A NatureScot spokesperson said: "The Sea Eagle Management Scheme provides a range of support to holdings affected by sea eagle predation of livestock.

"This includes support for new ideas proposed by farmers and crofters participating in the scheme, in our collaborative work to mitigate sea eagle predation.

"The use of guardian dogs to mitigate sea eagle predation in Scotland is a new approach and if there is interest from farmers and crofters in exploring this approach this is something we would consider as we have with other ideas."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The island has slowly been reclaimed by nature

Just off the Pembrokeshire coast lies a long-deserted island fort that has slowly been reclaimed by nature.

For decades Stack Rock Fort off Milford Haven has been disturbed only by gulls and creeping weeds, but its new owner invited photographer Steve Liddiard to take a look inside the 19th Century time capsule.

"When you first walk through it takes your breath away," said Steve.

"It's like a huge cathedral, an oval shape, completely overgrown with these sea birds circling it.

Photographer Steve Liddiard was invited to take a tour of the fort

"It doesn't seem real... it looks like a film set, something from Jumanji or something like that."

Steve, who works in the IT department at Swansea's Morriston Hospital, started taking photos as a hobby five or six years ago.

This island fort was built between 1850 and 1852 to protect against an invasion by sea

He spotted the long-abandoned fort on the Milford Haven Waterway, took some photos and shared them on social media.

Steve said he then received a message from the owner, who said he loved the photos.

They began chatting and a few weeks later he and a handful of other photographers were invited to visit the fort by boat and take photos from inside.

The fort can only be reached by boat

"When you start walking around it you can see the actual scale of it, it's over three different levels," said Steve.

"It is a complete time capsule with massive cannons inside.

"There's weeds and ivy growing all over it which sort of adds to it more than anything, I think."

The property has been bought by Anoniiem, a community interest company, which plans to preserve it as a "living ruin".

"We want to preserve it in its current state, not in its formal use, so if it can be stabilised as it is, in this amazing combination of nature and architecture, that's the goal," said the company's director Nick.

The fort is built on a small island in the Milford Haven Waterway

The project began after Nick and his wife were watching the BBC series Coast and found themselves captivated by this part of the Pembrokeshire coast.

They began looking into the area, stumbled upon the fort and were blown away by its "fantasy and magic".

Steve was able to explore three floors of the structure

They discovered there was a company looking to turn it into a community space and despite never having taken on a project like this before decided to partner with them.

"It's definitely a passion project, it's definitely not a money earner, there's no plans for a five-star hotel or any of these kind of things," he said.

"It's a stabilisation accessibility project and preserving it for the future."

The island fort was built between 1850 and 1852 to protect against an invasion by sea.

The original idea for a fort on Stack Rock goes back to Thomas Cromwell in 1539 but it was not until the mid-1800s that any plan came to fruition.

Inside the fort is like a "time capsule", photographer Steve said

The Royal Dockyard at Pembroke Dock was deemed in need of further defences in case of an invasion from France under Napoleon III.

During World War I it was manned by just a small number of soldiers and eventually disarmed in 1929.

A team of volunteers will help to preserve the building

Taking on a building with this history and in this location presents a myriad of challenges - it is a scheduled monument, part of the national park and can only be accessed in certain conditions by boat.

There are also issues around security, which have been referred to the police.

"People have been lighting bonfires on there. It's not safe for the schedule monument itself but also for the people who are breaking in," said Nick.

Nick has a team of volunteers working to help secure the structure but admits they are "a lifetime away" from being able to open it up to the public.

"In the meantime, we're looking to allow for some explorers, such as Steve to safely access it in a way that lets it kind of live," he said.

Nick describes the task of preserving the building as a "passion project"

Despite the overwhelming scale of the project he is undeterred.

"It's a hell of a project," he said. "It's been effectively untouched for 100 years so the preservation is on another level.

"The fact that that nature is taking over again is part of the appeal of it, it's all aesthetically so incredible."

Warning have been put in place at some north coast beaches

Potentially toxic blue-green algae have been spotted at fresh locations along the north coast, Northern Ireland environmental authorities have warned.

The bacteria were found at Portstewart and Castlerock beaches earlier this week.

Red flag warnings were extended west to the beach at Downhill on Sunday, the Department of Agriculture, Environment and Rural Affairs (DAERA) said.

These have also been extended to Benone beach as a precautionary measure.

Red flag warnings were extended west to the beach at Downhill on Sunday

Blue-green algae is not actually an alga but rather a type of bacteria called cyanobacteria.

It can cause illness in humans but is particularly dangerous for pets and has been implicated in the deaths of several dogs in other locations where it has been detected.

Swimmers and dog walkers have been advised to adhere to any advice about getting into the water.

Scientists from the Agri-Food and Biosciences Institute are working with DAERA, assisting with modelling to predict how tidal flows will affect the algal blooms.

Downhill Beach is popular with dog walkers but pet owners have been warned of the possibility of potentially toxic algae

A scientist told BBC News NI last Friday that the organism cannot survive in salt water, but it was still being washed from Lough Neagh down the River Bann to the coast.

The DAERA officials have encouraged people to get involved in citizen science and help monitor the presence of blue-green algae, via an app or by contacting the department directly.

There have been calls for Orkney to become part of Norway

Orkney councillors have voted to investigate alternative methods of governance amid deep frustrations over funding and opportunities.

Council leader James Stockan said the islands had been "held down" and accused the Scottish and UK governments of discrimination.

His motion led to media speculation that Orkney could leave the UK or become a self-governing territory of Norway.

It was supported by 15 votes to six.

It means council officers have been asked to publish a report to Orkney's chief executive on options of governance.

This includes looking at the "Nordic connections" of the archipelago and crown dependencies such as Jersey and Guernsey.

A further change which would see the revival of a consultative group on constitutional reform for the islands was accepted without the need for a vote.

On Monday, the prime minister's spokesperson rejected the suggestion the islands could loosen its ties with the union.

Mr Stockan urged councillors to back his idea to find new ways to get greater financial security and economic opportunities for Orcadians.

Speaking to councillors on Tuesday, he said the motion was "not about us joining Norway".

He added: "I say it's time for government to take us seriously and I say it's time for us to look at all the options we've got.

"There is a far bigger suite of options here - this could even be that we could get our money direct from the Treasury in London and look after our own future.

"We have been held down and we all know most of what I could say today in terms of discrimination against this community from governments. We all know how much less we get compared to other island groups."

Council leader James Stockan says Orkney does not get fair funding within the UK

Orkney Islands Council previously voted in 2017 to look at whether the islands could have greater autonomy.

While councillors wanted to have a "stronger voice", they did not back full independence for Orkney.

Currently, most of the island's 21 councillors sit as independents - two are Greens.

Mr Stockan has said an ageing ferry fleet is among the issues being faced by islanders.

He previously told the BBC the situation was "critical" because the ferries, which are older than the Western Isles fleet, were beginning to fail.

His concerns were widely shared by other councillors, however some raised issues with self-governance, such as the cost of carrying out such investigations.

Cllr Steven Heddle also mentioned disadvantages including having to buy back the sea bed, and tuition fees for students wishing to study in Scotland.

He called Mr Stockan's efforts "politics of grievance" and said that every council felt hard done by, citing roads in Edinburgh that were "worse" than Orkney's despite the council having far more funding.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak's official spokesperson said: "First and foremost there is no mechanism for the conferral of Crown Dependency or Overseas Territory status on any part of the UK.

"We have no plans to change the devolution settlement we are supporting Orkney with £50m to grow the economic prosperity of the Scottish islands, through the islands deal.

"But the government's position is that the UK is stronger united."

Orkney was previously held under Norwegian and Danish control until it became part of Scotland in 1472.

The islands were used as security for the wedding dowry of Margaret of Denmark, the future wife of King James III of Scotland.

The Scottish government said in 2023-24 Orkney Islands Council would receive £89.7m to fund services, with an extra £4.6m from an increase in council tax by 10%.

A spokesperson added it was "committed to supporting island communities".

The Norwegian government declined to comment on the proposals.

Today's vote was never about Orkney becoming part of Norway, or any of the other headlines we've seen over recent days.

Rather it was a chance for councillors to express their extreme frustration with what they see as the unfair deal they get from the Scottish and UK governments, with council leader James Stockan saying the islands had been failed by both of them.

The successful passing of the motion is the first of many hurdles in Orkney gaining a degree of greater autonomy.

Council officials will now be tasked with investigating options. Mr Stockan said that "nothing was off the table" - including of course the much-publicised return to Norway or Denmark.

Reaction to the vote on the streets of Kirkwall has been fairly mixed.

Some don't want to see any tax-payer money devoted to what one councillor described as "frankly bizarre fantasies".

Others feel that the council does get a raw deal from both Holyrood and Westminster, and that anything that gets the two governments to sit up and pay attention is worth looking at.

The eyes of the global media have been on Orkney for the past few days.

It's now up to the islands council to capitalise on that attention.

The heat and rubble has hindered the search for survivors

Six bodies have been found after an explosion flattened a four-storey apartment building in the southern French city of Marseille.

Officials said two others remained unaccounted for and rescue efforts continued in the La Plaine district.

A firefighter told AFP news agency the search for survivors was a "race against the clock".

The cause remains unclear, but investigators are looking into the possibility of a gas leak.

The blast occurred at 00:49 local time on Sunday (22:49 GMT on Saturday).

Housing Minister Oliver Klein described the discovery of the bodies as "gruesome, difficult and dramatic", and told reporters the government would support the families of the victims.

Five people from neighbouring buildings sustained minor injuries in the explosion and around 200 people had to be evacuated from their homes.

Two nearby blocks partially collapsed a few hours later, but there were no further reports of injuries from this.

The mayor of Marseille, Benoit Payan, warned there was still a risk that nearby buildings could collapse.

Around 100 firefighters attended the scene to tackle a blaze that burned under the rubble throughout Sunday.

The fire hampered progress and made it difficult for sniffer dogs to detect survivors or bodies.

The building is believed to have had one apartment on each storey.

In a brief statement announcing the discovery of the bodies, the fire department said that "given the difficulties of intervention, the extraction [of the bodies from the site] will take time".

A local gymnasium and two schools have been opened to accommodate the people who have had to leave their homes. Psychological support is also being offered.

French President Emmanuel Macron said on Twitter that he was "thinking of those affected and their loved ones" and thanked the emergency workers for their efforts.

Mayor of Marseille Benoît Payan said rescuers remained "determined" to find people alive. "Hope must hold us," he said.

One local told French media that they heard an explosion "unlike anything I've ever heard".

Speaking to AFP, Saveria Mosnier, who lives nearby, said on Sunday: "I was sleeping and there was this huge blast that really shook the room. I was shocked awake as if I had been dreaming."

She added: "We very quickly smelled a strong gas odour that hung around. We could still smell it this morning."

Deputy Mayor Yannick Ohanessian told reporters at the scene that "several" witnesses had described a "suspicious smell of gas".

Interior Minister Gerald Darmanin visited the scene on Sunday, followed by Housing Minister Olivier Klein on Monday.

In 2018, housing standards in Marseille came under scrutiny after two dilapidated buildings in the working class district of Noailles collapsed, killing eight people.

Following that incident, charities estimated that 40,000 people in the city were living in poorly-built homes, but on Sunday officials appeared to rule out structural issues as a cause of the latest collapse.

Christophe Mirmand, a local authority leader in the Bouches-du-Rhone region, said there was no danger notice on the building and that it was not in a neighbourhood identified as having substandard housing. The comments were echoed by Mr Payan.
• None The day France's second city ripped apart

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. At the wheel of a 'world first' self-driving bus ready to take to the roads in Scotland

The UK's first full-sized driverless buses have started operating for passengers in Edinburgh.

The autonomous vehicles, operated by Stagecoach, run across the Forth Road Bridge from Ferrytoll park-and-ride in Fife to Edinburgh Park station.

Despite the "driverless" name, the buses operate with two staff on board.

One will sit in the driver's seat to monitor the technology, and a so-called bus captain will help passengers with boarding and buying tickets.

Stagecoach said the five single-decker buses have the capacity for about 10,000 passenger journeys per week.

The vehicles have sensors enabling them to travel on pre-selected roads on the 14-mile route at up to 50mph.

The AB1 service is the first registered autonomous bus route in UK.

It is part of Project CAVForth, run by Stagecoach and funded by the UK government.

Stagecoach worked with Fusion Processing Ltd and project partners Transport Scotland, Alexander Dennis, Edinburgh Napier University and Bristol Robotics Laboratory.

The Alexander Dennis Enviro200AV buses can take on complex traffic manoeuvres such as roundabouts, traffic lights, and weaving between motorway lanes.

The project has recruited 20 staff from Stagecoach East Scotland's existing driving team.

Stagecoach UK managing director Carla Stockton-Jones said: "We are excited to introduce the UK's first autonomous bus fleet in east Scotland.

"We are proud to be at the forefront of transport innovation with this project that marks a significant milestone for public transport."

Fraudsters who offer to help people illegally pass their UK driving tests are advertising their services widely across social media, the BBC has found.

More than 600 pages, groups and accounts exist on Facebook and TikTok promising licences without taking tests - with thousands of followers.

Some suggest lookalikes to take the practical test - others offer theory test help via a Bluetooth earpiece.

Meta and TikTok said such content violates their guidelines.

BBC Verify analysed data from Facebook and TikTok and found as of 16 June there were at least 669 pages, groups and accounts with 138,900 followers which advertised driving licence services without taking a test. Adverts also appear on Instagram.

Reports of driving test fraud through impersonations have more than trebled in the past five years - from 654 in 2018 to 2,015 in 2023 - exclusive figures given to the BBC by the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA) reveal.

It says the number of people who are being caught - and having their licences revoked - is increasing, although it remains a largely hidden problem.

Between April 2021 to March 2022, more than four million theory and practical car tests were taken in the UK, with a pass rate of about half.

Still from a TikTok story advertising a full UK driving licence without taking a test

Our investigation found social media platforms littered with posts in different languages. Many use genuine pictures of pass certificates and driving licences which have been taken from promotional images posted on real driving school social media accounts.

The posts provide limited information about how these licences are provided without taking a test, most posts just provide a mobile number or ask people to contact them for more information via a direct message.

The BBC contacted several people advertising these services on social media, posing as someone without any driving experience who was looking for a licence.

One man advertising on Facebook claimed he could provide a UK driving licence for £720, with the pass certificate delivered to the reporter's home in five days - without anyone actually sitting a test.

A theory test costs £23 and the practical test £62, but the RAC estimates the total cost of learning to drive is £1,551 including tests and lessons - assuming the person passes first time. In Northern Ireland the tests cost £23 for the theory and £45.50 for the practical test.

One woman who advertised on Facebook in Vietnamese told our reporter she charged £1,600 for help with cheating the theory test and £2,600 for the practical driving test - a total of £4,200.

She said first she needed to see what the reporter looked like to ensure she had a suitable lookalike to take the tests.

The BBC also tracked down a woman who paid for a fraudulent service. She had found someone via a Facebook post to take the practical test for her son who had been struggling to pass.

The mother paid the fraudster about £1,000 after he had passed the test on her son's behalf.

If the woman's son is ever caught he would have his licence revoked and face prosecution for fraud, potentially resulting in a prison sentence and/or a fine.

TikTok and Meta, the company that owns Facebook and Instagram, told the BBC that the solicitation of driving licence fraud is not allowed on their platforms and any content found that violates their guidelines will be removed.

TikTok also says it has taken action against a number of accounts following the BBC Investigation.

Driving instructors have told the BBC that the rise in practical test fraud could be due to the length of time it is taking to get a practical test slot.

In some parts of the UK there are waiting times of up to six months due to a backlog following the Covid pandemic. Some of the fraudsters the BBC spoke to were willing to travel to parts of the UK where waiting times are shorter to take the test for others.

Carly Brookfield, chief executive of the Driving Instructors Association, said the backlog was causing "a desperation for test slots".

"If you're facing the fact that if you don't pass the test you have to wait for up to six months [to try again], then you're going to think about cheating the system," she said.

She added that some of the instructors in her association had been approached by people running criminal services, asking them to refer pupils struggling to pass their test.

The high demand for tests has led to operators bulk-buying slots using automated software and reselling them at an inflated price.

The DVSA says it is actively removing accounts which do this as it breaks the terms and conditions of the booking platform.

The man, who called himself Erdal, told the reporter he could feed them the answers to the theory test via a Bluetooth earpiece

During the investigation, the BBC found a flyer in a London cafe written in Turkish offering a "100% guarantee" method to pass the theory test.

Our undercover reporter, posing as someone with little experience of driving, met the man behind the advert, who called himself Erdal.

He told the reporter he could help them cheat by feeding them the answers to the test's multiple choice questions using a "microscopic" Bluetooth earpiece, connected to a mobile phone.

He told them by clicking on the questions they would be "read out loud" by the computer which would allow him to whisper the correct answers.

He said: "It's £1,500 and you will pay me right after taking the test. You will be wearing a device in your ear. The test administrators will not look in your ear.

"We have done this for a long time. We do this for a minimum of two people every day."

After the meeting, the BBC called the number we had for the man to confront him about the scam. The person that answered had the same name but denied knowing anything about test fraud.

These scam online adverts can also cause identity fraud problems for the people who have photos of their test pass certificates or driving licence lifted from legitimate sites.

We spoke to Ian Jones, who had a photo of his driving licence stolen from a logistics company he was registered with. He later discovered it was being used on Instagram by someone advertising a service for "theory/practical certificate without exams".

Mr Jones says in the past year he has had to dispute hundreds of French speeding and parking tickets he has received because his licence details are being used fraudulently abroad.

He said: "It makes you paranoid, it gives you a horrible feeling, it's like being burgled - you feel violated."

The DVSA's head of law enforcement said it had revoked hundreds of illegally-obtained licenses in 2022

The Driving Standards Agency, (DVSA), which promotes road safety and sets standards for training, warns many online adverts promising full licences quickly are money-making scams which may only provide a fake licence. It adds only the Driving and Vehicle and Licensing Agency (DVLA) can issue a genuine driving licence.

The number of people being prosecuted for test fraud via impersonations are increasing, the DVSA says. If convicted, they face prison sentences and fines. Last year, a woman was jailed for eight months for taking approximately 150 theory and practical tests for other drivers.

The DVSA warns if people do not meet the necessary driving standards before taking control of a vehicle, it could cause serious injuries or even fatalities.

Its head of law enforcement, Marian Kitson, said its investigation team was catching more people committing fraud and had revoked hundreds of illegally-obtained licences in 2022.

In the year from April 2022, it sent 30 cases - involving 497 offences - of fraud by false representation for prosecution and there were 53 arrests.

However, Ms Kitson said it was clear from their investigations that there was even more occurring, adding that they did not know the true scale of the problem.

"The internet is so huge; the social media platforms are vast and these people are very clever, they move the adverts around; they change them frequently," she said.

"So actually, spotting them and taking action quickly is a real challenge."

Have you been affected by the issues in this story? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Sir Keir says people's circumstances should not hold them back and "you don't have to change who you are, just to get on".

Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer has pledged to improve children's speaking skills, as part of a drive to break down class barriers to opportunity.

He also promised to give vocational and academic learning equal status, in a speech on education policy.

Touching on his own background, he said people from working class backgrounds were now less able to advance in life.

But his speech was interrupted by protesters, unveiling a banner saying: "No more u-turns, Green new deal."

The two young people who were protesting were standing right behind Sir Keir on the podium. Later, climate group Green New Deal Rising claimed responsibility for the disruption.

The Labour leader's speech unveiled details of the fifth and final "mission" the party is focused on ahead of the general election, expected next year.

The missions are expected to form the backbone of the party's election offer to voters, and shape its priorities in government if it wins power.

In his speech, Sir Keir promised a goal of half a million more children reaching early learning targets by 2030, as well as a review of the curriculum from the beginning of primary school through to the end of compulsory education.

He said a Labour government would "tear down" obstacles to opportunity, which he dubbed the "class ceiling".

"There's something more pernicious here, a pervasive idea, a barrier in our collective mind that narrows our ambitions for working class children and says - sometimes with subtlety, sometimes to your face - this isn't for you," he said.

He said the previous Labour government didn't "eradicate the snobbery that looks down on vocational education, didn't drain the well of disrespect that this creates, and that cost us."

He said more children should study sport or a creative arts subject until they are 16, as well as a focus on digital skills.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Climate change protesters interrupt Sir Keir Starmer speech calling for a "green new deal right now".

"For our children to succeed, they need a grounding in both, need skills and knowledge, practical problem-solving and academic rigour," he said.

"But now - as the future rushes towards us, we also need a greater emphasis on creativity, on resilience, on emotional intelligence and the ability to adapt."

Labour has already committed to recruiting 6,500 extra teachers in shortage subjects such as maths, paid for by removing tax breaks for private schools, which the party calculates will raise over £1bn a year.

It also wants to use that additional funding to pay teachers a £2,400 retention bonus after they have completed their first two years of training.

But the Labour leader declined to commit to giving teachers in England a 6.5% pay rise this year - the figure reportedly set to be recommended by the pay review body for the profession, amid the economic backdrop.

He told the BBC's political editor Chris Mason he would be negotiating "every day of the week" to resolve the strike.

Speaking to BBC Radio 4's Today programme he also did not committed to delivering universal free school meals in primary schools, something the Labour-run Welsh government has committed to delivering by next year.

In his interview, he admitted financial constraints would be a "big factor" for him to consider, amid a "broken" economy.

Sir Keir's speech unveils the detail on Labour's education pledge, marking the last of his "missions" as the party eyes the next general election. The Labour leader has said his missions would form "the backbone of the Labour manifesto and the pillars of the next Labour government".

The other commitments include securing the "highest sustained growth" in the G7 group of nations, by the end of Labour's first term, removing fossil fuels from all of Britain's electricity generation by 2030, improving the NHS and reforming the justice system.

The National Association of Headteachers (NAHT) union welcomed Labour's proposals but warned they must be matched by "significant additional investment", not only in education but in community support and social care.

"There is no doubt that schools can play a vital role in helping children to thrive no matter what their background, but they need the appropriate resources to do so," Paul Whiteman, NAHT general secretary, said.

Education Secretary Gillian Keegan dismissed Sir Keir's speech as "a load of old nonsense".

She accused Labour of offering "gimmicks that don't help children or working class children", saying the government was focused on high quality education and apprenticeships to help social mobility.

She dismissed Sir Keir's plans on improving speaking skills, insisting that this already happened throughout the curriculum, adding: "We have revolutionised our education system and skills system."

Asked about the Green New Deal Rising protest during the speech, Sir Keir denied backtracking on Labour's £28bn green prosperity plan, saying "We haven't backed down, we've doubled down."

And he condemned Just Stop Oil's protests as "hugely arrogant", saying: "When I put what they're doing against what we set out in our mission about clean energy, about net zero, you can see the difference between protest and power.

"Glueing yourself, interrupting, interfering with other people's lives in this arrogant way, compared with the actual change we can bring about, which is with a Labour government absolutely committed to clean power by 2030."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

"Humans are a bit boring - it will be like, goodbye!" That's the personal prediction - that artificial intelligence (AI) will supplant humans in many roles - from one of the most important people you've probably never heard of.

Emad Mostaque is the British founder of the tech firm, Stability AI. It popularised Stable Diffusion, a tool that uses AI to make images from simple text instructions by analysing images found online.

AI enables a computer to think or act more like a human. It includes what's called machine learning, when computers can learn what to do without being giving exact instructions by a human sitting at a keyboard tapping in commands. Last month, there was a dramatic warning from 1,000 experts to press pause on its development, warning of potential risks, and saying the race to develop AI systems is out of control.

In an interview we'll show in full on Sunday, tech founder Mostaque questions what will happen "if we have agents more capable than us that we cannot control, that are going across the internet… and they achieve a level of automation; what does that mean?

"The worst case scenario is that it proliferates and basically it controls humanity."

That sounds terrifying, but he is not alone in pointing out the risk, that if we create computers smarter than ourselves we just can't be sure what will happen next.

Mostaque believes governments could soon be shocked into taking action by an event that makes the risks suddenly real. He points to the moment Tom Hanks contracted Covid-19 and millions sat up and paid attention.

When a moment like that arrives, governments will conclude "we need policy now", the 40-year-old says.

There's been a spike in concern for example after a Republican attack advert on Jo Biden was created using fake computer generated images.

When there's a risk to information that voters can trust, that's something governments have to respond to, says Mostaque.

Despite his concerns, Mostaque says that the potential benefits of AI for almost every part of our lives could be huge. Yet he concedes that the effect on jobs could be painful, at least at the start.

Mostaque says he believes AI "will be a bigger economic impact than the pandemic", adding that "it's up to us to decide which direction" this all goes in.

AI could lead to 300m job losses according to one prediction.

Some jobs will undoubtedly disappear, the bank Goldman Sachs suggested an almost incomprehensible 300m roles could be lost or diminished by the advancing technology.

While no one wants to be replaced by a robot, Mostaque's hope is that better jobs could be created because "productivity increases will balance out" and humans can concentrate on the things that make us human, and let machines do more of the rest. He agrees with the UK's former chief scientific advisor, Sir Patrick Vallance, that the advance of AI and its impacts could prove even bigger than the industrial revolution.

Mostaque is an unassuming mathematician, the founder of a company he only started in 2020 that has already been valued at $1bn, and with more cash flooding in, including from Hollywood star Ashton Kutcher, is likely to be soon worth very much more. Some speculation has put the value as high $4bn.

Unlike some of his competitors he is determined his technology will remain open source - in other words anyone can look at the code, share it, and use it. In his view, that's what should give the public a level of confidence in what's going on.

"I think there shouldn't have to be a need for trust," he says.

"If you build open models and you do it in the open, you should be criticised if you do things wrong and hopefully lauded if you do some things right."

But his business also raises profound questions about ownership, and what's real. There's legal action underway against them by the photo agency Getty Images which claims the rights to the images it sells have been infringed.

In response, Mostaque says: "What if you have a robot that's walking around and looking at things, do you have to close its eyes if it sees anything?"

That's hardly likely to be the end of that conversation.

The entrepreneur is convinced that the scale of what's coming is enormous. He reckons that in 10 years time, his company and fellow AI leaders, ChatGPT and DeepMind, will even be bigger than Google and Facebook. Predictions about technology are as tricky as predictions about politics - educated guesses that could turn out to be totally wrong. But what is clear is that a public conversation about the risks and realities of AI is now underway. We might be on the cusp of sweeping changes too big for any one company, country or politician to manage.

The first steam train puffed along the tracks in Darlington more than 50 years after the steam engine was patented by James Watt. This time we're unlikely to have anything like as long to get used to these new ideas, and it's unlikely to be boring!

You can watch much more of our conversation with Emad Mostaque on tomorrow's Sunday with Laura Kuenssberg live on BBC One or here on iPlayer.

Good morning and welcome to our live coverage of the UK's Covid inquiry, on the fourth day of public hearings.

This phase, or module, is one of six and is examining how prepared the UK was for the pandemic.

From 10:00, we're expecting to hear from global health expert Prof Sir Michael Marmot and public health expert Prof Clare Bambra.

From 14:00, former director of the civil contingencies secretariat in the Cabinet Office, Katharine Hammond, is expected to speak.

There will be no text coverage of today's hearing, but you can watch the proceedings live at the top of this page by clicking the Play button.

Read yesterday's coverage here - and our Covid inquiry explainer here.

Jamie Sansom said he hopes to be back at the school before pupils break for summer

A teacher who was stabbed at a school said he is recovering well and has been "boosted" by messages of support.

Jamie Sansom was attacked in a corridor at Tewkesbury Academy, Gloucestershire, just after 09:00 BST on Monday.

The maths teacher said he could not "comment in detail" on what happened but confirmed he was not breaking up a fight between students at the time.

Police were given more time on Tuesday to question a teenager arrested on suspicion of attempted murder.

"On police advice, I can't comment in detail about what happened but I do want to address some misinformation which has been circulating in coverage of yesterday's incident," said Mr Sansom, who is from Newport but lives in Gloucestershire.

"It is simply not true to say that I was intervening in a fight between students. In my view, there was no point at which Tewkesbury students faced any direct threat.

"I am pleased to say that I am recovering well. My thanks to everyone who helped put me on the road to what is expected to be a full recovery.

Pupils were locked down for several hours while armed police combed the area

"I have received more than one hundred messages of support, which has been a big boost. It was hugely uplifting."

Mr Sansom, who has taught at the school since 2017, said he hoped to be back in the classroom before the summer break if doctors gave him the "all-clear".

"I'm due to move to a new school at the end of the year, and it would mean a lot to me to have the opportunity to say goodbye," he added.

In an interview with the BBC, Mr Sansom's aunt said: "We're shocked and stunned something like this could happen.

"Jamie is a very caring person, a lovely guy and highly thought of."

Gloucestershire Police said officers would continue to have a presence in the area over the coming days

The Gloucestershire school reopened earlier after "careful consultation with police", a spokesman for the academy said.

"We feel it is important for our students to be able to return to a sense of normality in their school, where we will be providing a range of additional mental and emotional support for students and staff," they said.

"Police will retain a presence at the school for the coming days to provide reassurance."

Youth charity Young Gloucestershire has opened a hub for students distressed by Monday's events.

Chief operations officer Alicia Wynn said the incident would "ripple" through the community and have a "long term" effect.

The school has reopened and police are continuing investigations

Gloucestershire Police said it was keeping an "open mind" about a possible motive for the attack.

The suspect was arrested two hours later in the village of Stoke Orchard, about four miles away, after a chase involving firearms officers, plain-clothed officers and the National Police Air Service.

Gloucestershire County Council commended staff and pupils at the school for how they responded.

"Our thoughts and prayers go out to the member of staff injured in the attack and his family, as well as for the students, wider school community and parents who faced an agonising wait for news as to the safety of their children," a spokesperson said.

"Whilst, thankfully, this type of incident is extremely rare, the impact on those involved can be significant so we are doing all we can to assist the school as they support students, staff and the wider school community."

Follow BBC West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: bristol@bbc.co.uk

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

Wrexham's co-owner Ryan Reynolds burst into the post-match press conference after his team's promotion back to the Football League, to ask for a player's shirt.

Reynolds joked times were hard for showbiz after a reporter asked if he would sell former England and Manchester United goalkeeper Ben Foster's shirt.

The Illegal Migration Bill is set to become law after the government won a final series of votes in the Lords.

The legislation is central to the prime minister's pledge to stop small boats crossing the English Channel.

Under the bill, the home secretary has a legal duty to detain and remove anyone entering the UK illegally.

In a late-night debate in the House of Lords, peers rejected attempts to reinsert time limits on child detention and modern slavery protections.

The bill will now go for royal assent and become law.

On Tuesday, the UN released an unusually critical statement, claiming the bill breaks the UK's obligations under international law.

In a joint statement the UN human rights chief Volker Turk and the UN refugees head Filippo Grandi said the bill "will have profound consequences for people in need of international protection".

"This new legislation significantly erodes the legal framework that has protected so many, exposing refugees to grave risks in breach of international law," Mr Grandi said.

A Home Office spokesperson said the government took its international obligations seriously, and that nothing in the bill required the government to act incompatibly with international law.

They added: "Our Illegal Migration Bill is a key part of our work to deter and prevent people from making small boat crossings, as it will see people who make these dangerous, illegal and unnecessary journeys detained and swiftly removed."

As it stands it is unclear what will happen to people coming to the UK on small boats in the coming months, according to BBC home and legal correspondent Dominic Casciani.

The bill places a legal duty on the government to detain and remove those arriving in the UK illegally, either to Rwanda or another "safe" third country. But there are no similar return deals with any other countries, our correspondent said.

And the Rwanda plan was ruled unlawful by the Court of Appeal last month, although ministers are challenging the judgement.

On Tuesday, an accommodation barge arrived in Portland Port, Dorset, where it is due to eventually house 500 asylum seekers.

The first asylum seekers are expected to board the Bibby Stockholm later this month, despite protests from locals.

The prime minister's official spokesman said that the government wants to "open more" accommodation facilities for asylum seekers.

For weeks, the government was locked in a battle over the final shape of the bill with the Lords, where a cross-party group of peers made repeated amendments.

In the last few days, the bill passed between the House of Commons and House of Lords three times, in a process known as parliamentary ping-pong.

Former Prime Minister Theresa May led a series of backbench rebellions in the Commons over plans to restrict access to the UK asylum system for victims of modern slavery.

Under the bill the duty to remove anyone who comes to the UK illegally applies to victims of trafficking and slavery, accompanied children and unaccompanied children as soon as they turn 18.

Ms May, who as home secretary introduced the Modern Slavery Act, said the bill "will enable more slave drivers to operate and make money out of human misery".

The government argued that anyone identified as a potential victim of modern slavery would be returned home or to another "safe country away from those who have trafficked them".

However, on Monday Mrs May did not vote for an exemption from the bill for suspected victims of slavery to allow them to access support and co-operate with criminal proceedings against traffickers.

The legislation would also scrap existing legal caps on how long those entering the UK illegally can be held ahead of being deported.

MPs and peers had attempted to reinsert the three day-limit on how long children can be detained, as well as the 24-hour maximum for children unaccompanied by an adult. But the plans were dropped after they were again rejected in the House of Commons.

The government had already made concessions on the detention of unaccompanied children, who will be granted immigration bail after eight days, and on pregnant women, for whom the current limit of 72 hours detention will be retained.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The end of the stand-off between peers and MPs paves the way for the bill to receive royal assent - when the King formally agrees to make the bill into an Act of Parliament, or law.

During the Lords debate, Home Office minister Lord Murray of Blidworth said the number of small boat arrivals had "overwhelmed" the UK's asylum system and that accommodation was costing taxpayers £6m per day.

"With over 45,000 people making dangerous Channel crossings last year this is simply no longer sustainable," he told peers, adding it was "only right" that the "business model" of human traffickers be broken.

He urged the Lords to "respect the will of the elected House and the British people by passing this bill".

Labour's shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper called he new law "a con which will only make the Tories asylum chaos worse".

"The asylum backlog is a record high, the number of people in hotels is still increasing, the Rwanda plan is unravelling and June boat crossings were higher than last year," she said.

We’re now hearing from Richard Scorer, principal lawyer of law firm Slater and Gordon, who is reading out a statement representing 11 victims' families.

Scorer says today's report has been deeply painful, but eye-opening.

The report provides less information than the families wanted, but they say it is clear there was a failure to assess key intelligence about Salman Abedi, to put it into proper context, and most "catastrophic of all", a delay in acting on it.

The families, through Scorer, go on to say that as a result of these failures, the possibility of preventing an attack was lost.

"This is a devastating conclusion for us," they say.

They add the failures exposed in the report are unacceptable, and the public is entitled to expect that information of national security importance is acted on quickly.

They trust Sir John's recommendations will be acted on, they also say.

Victims "were failed at every level before, during and after this attack", they say.

US actor Tom Sizemore, known for roles in Saving Private Ryan and Black Hawk Down, has died at 61, his manager says.

Sizemore found fame in the 1990s, often playing supporting roles as tough guys - usually military, police or criminal. His other credits included Natural Born Killers, Pearl Harbor and Heat.

But he also had drug problems and served jail time for domestic violence.

Sizemore had been in a coma since suffering a ruptured brain aneurysm on 18 February.

His manager, Charles Lago, said he died on Friday at a hospital in Burbank, California, with his brother Paul and twin boys Jayden and Jagger, 17, at his side.

"The Sizemore family has been comforted by the hundreds of messages of support," Lago said.

He said Sizemore's sons were devastated, and asked that their privacy be respected.

His brother, Paul Sizemore, said: "I am deeply saddened by the loss of my big brother Tom. He was larger than life. He has influenced my life more than anyone I know.

"He was talented, loving, giving and could keep you entertained endlessly with his wit and storytelling ability."

Born in a working class area of Detroit, Sizemore obtained a masters degree in theatre before his Hollywood break arrived with a bit part in Oliver Stone's Born on the Fourth of July in 1989.

That work led to bigger roles in 1990s dramas such as Tony Scott's True Romance, Devil in a Blue Dress, opposite Denzel Washington, and the biopic Wyatt Earp, alongside Kevin Costner.

Stone cast him again in the controversial Natural Born Killers as the violent Detective Jack Scagnetti; and he played a henchman to Robert De Niro's criminal in Heat.

In the Oscar-winning film Saving Private Ryan in 1998, he was at Tom Hanks' side as the loyal Sergeant Horvath.

Director Steven Spielberg reportedly threatened to fire Sizemore from Saving Private Ryan if he used drugs

Sizemore was nominated for a Golden Globe for playing a mobster in the 1999 TV movie Witness Protection, and provided the voice of mafia boss Sonny Forelli in Grand Theft Auto: Vice City in 2002.

With fame and money came a heavy drug habit, and he wrote in his autobiography about addictions to heroin and crystal meth.

He recounted how De Niro pushed him into one of his stints in rehab in 1995, telling Sizemore he would have him "arrested for heroin possession" if he didn't go into a treatment centre. Sizemore chose rehab.

When Saving Private Ryan came along, director Steven Spielberg reportedly threatened to fire the actor at the first sign of drug use and reshoot the film without him.

Sizemore, Benjamin Bratt and Julia Roberts at the premiere of Red Planet in 2000

But Sizemore struggled to stay clean. And there were other "personal demons".

In 1997, he was arrested on suspicion of assaulting his wife, actress and tennis player Maeve Quinlan. They divorced two years later.

In 2003, he was sentenced to six months in prison for beating up his girlfriend, the former Hollywood madam Heidi Fleiss, and was ordered to complete more rehab and anger management.

Ms Fleiss testified that he had also stubbed a cigarette out on her, knocked her to the ground outside his home, and made more than 70 obscenity-laced phone calls.

He said at the time that he had "permitted my personal demons to take over my life".

Sizemore with Brad Pitt at the premiere of the 2006 film Babel

In 2005, he went back to jail for violating his probation by failing a drug test, after being caught trying to use a prosthetic penis to fake the results. According to prosecutors, Sizemore had been caught once before trying to use a similar device.

Two years later, he was sentenced to 16 months for violating the terms of his probation, and was also arrested for driving under the influence.

"I was a guy who'd come from very little and risen to the top," Sizemore wrote in his 2013 autobiography.

"I'd had the multimillion-dollar house, the Porsche, the restaurant I partially owned with Robert De Niro. And now I had absolutely nothing."

"I've led an interesting life," he wrote. "But I can't tell you what I'd give to be the guy you didn't know anything about."

A 2007 documentary series, Shooting Sizemore, chronicled his efforts to reclaim his life and career.

While he never regained the roles of the '90s, in recent years he made a guest appearance in the Netflix hit Cobra Kai and had a recurring role in the 2017 revival of David Lynch's cult TV show Twin Peaks.
• None No hope for Tom Sizemore after aneurysm - manager

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Tory Budget shows 'just how out of touch they are' - Starmer

Sir Keir Starmer has accused the chancellor of "dressing up stagnation as stability" in his Budget.

The Labour leader also criticised plans to abolish the pensions allowance limit as "a huge giveaway" for the wealthy.

But Jeremy Hunt said the UK would avoid entering a recession and the economy was "proving the doubters wrong".

The government's independent forecaster said the economy was still likely to shrink this year, but by less than it previously thought.

The Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) is also warning of a big drop in living standards, which it says will not recover to pre-pandemic levels until at least 2027.

Sir Keir told the Commons that after 13 years of the Conservatives "our economy needed major surgery" but the government was providing "only a sticking plaster".

"A country set on a path of managed decline, falling behind our competitors, the sick man of Europe once again," he said.

He added that the country was "stuck in a doom loop of lower growth, higher taxes and broken public services".

The Labour leader also attacked the decision to abolish the cap on how much workers can accumulate in their pensions savings over their lifetime before having to pay extra tax.

Mr Hunt said the move would incentivise doctors and other experienced professionals to stay in work for longer.

But Sir Keir said it would "benefit those with the broadest shoulders when many people are struggling to save into their pension".

"We needed a fix for doctors, but the announcement today is a huge giveaway to some of the very wealthiest," he said.

"The only permanent tax cut in the budget is for the richest 1%. How can that possibly be a priority for this government?"

On the government's plans to expand free childcare for working parents in England, Sir Keir said "more money in the system is obviously a good thing".

"But we have seen the Tories expand so-called free hours before and as parents up and down the country know, it's no use having more free hours if you can't access them," he said. "And it pushes up the costs for parents outside the offer."

Video caption: Footage of Connor Chapman's attack, which killed Elle Edwards, is released. Footage of Connor Chapman's attack, which killed Elle Edwards, is released.

CCTV footage shown at the trial captured Connor Chapman firing at the pub from a car park, next to the stolen Mercedes he used to travel to the Lighthouse pub on Christmas Eve last year.

His DNA was also linked to bullet cases found at the scene.

Footage also showed him driving away from the pub in the moments after the shooting and later arriving at Private Drive in Barnston, the home of co-defendant Thomas Waring.

He was then seen in footage appearing to drop the gun as he walked towards Waring's home.

Chapman had admitted a charge of handling stolen goods before the trial started.

His defence told the jury Chapman had travelled with a man, who he refused to name, on 31 December, when the stolen car was burnt out in Frodsham, Cheshire.

Chapman denied that Waring had been with him at the time, although mobile phone evidence showed Waring's phone travelled with the car.

After the trial, Merseyside Police and Crime Commissioner Emily Spurrell said the force had worked "around the clock" with many officers "forsaking their own Christmases" to support the victims, reassure people nearby and "bring Chapman to justice".

She also thanked the "many brave witnesses" who came forward with evidence "to ensure this toxic individual was brought to justice".

Who would be a prime minister or a first minister with predecessors keeping as… busy… as this?

There are many, many differences between the story of Boris Johnson and the story of Nicola Sturgeon.

But, politically what unites them is what has happened makes the business of being prime minister - or First Minister of Scotland - considerably harder.

The magnetism of the drama swirling around Mr Johnson should not distract from the two central points at its core.

Firstly, those implications for Rishi Sunak attempting to get on with the job right now giving the impression of running a calm, considered administration shorn of the turbulence of recent years.

Mr Johnson has made Mr Sunak's job harder - and that matters in the here and now.

Secondly, that a committee of his peers - containing a majority of Conservative MPs - has concluded in the strongest terms that Mr Johnson's integrity, or the perceived lack of it, was deserving of a sanction which would almost certainly have prompted a by-election.

In that case Mr Johnson would have had to win over his constituents in west London in order to carry on as an MP.

The man who was prime minister this time last year not just driven out of Downing Street, but driven out of parliament, by his fellow MPs. Even his fellow Conservatives.

Its members have been offered extra security, such has been the profile and anger this inquiry into Boris Johnson has provoked.

Some MPs are livid that Mr Johnson and his supporters have been, in their view, so cavalier in impugning the reputation of those on the committee, who have no capacity to respond publicly while they are compiling their report.

Mr Sunak and Mr Johnson met a week last Friday and discussed his honours list.

No 10 insist they have acted honourably - and have gone to considerable lengths to try to prove it.

They declassified a document to point out they had not tinkered with the list of nominees for peerages in recent weeks.

But critics are still not convinced - asking instead what did or did not happen much earlier.

Mr Johnson's allies claim they've been misled - even lied to.

Downing Street sources say this is "nonsense".

This week at Westminster will be dominated by Boris Johnson and the report into his conduct expected in the next few days.

But what gives this row a much longer tail is the three by-elections that will follow.

From what I am hearing, there is a desire within the Conservative Party to get on with them as quickly as possible, within the next month or so.

The parties are already out campaigning.

The Liberal Democrats are upbeat about their prospects in Mid Bedfordshire. Labour are upbeat about Uxbridge and South Ruislip, which is a marginal.

But it's entirely possible the Conservatives win at least some of the contests - especially given Mid Bedfordshire and Selby and Ainsty had big Conservative majorities at the last election.

But as one senior Tory put it to me, it'll be the swing that matters - if there's a big swing against the Conservatives it'll set off the jitters again for many, many Tory MPs who fear oblivion at the general election.

There is nothing good about these by elections for Rishi Sunak.

Meanwhile, at Holyrood, one of the defeated contenders to replace Nicola Sturgeon in spring's leadership race has called for her to stop sitting - for now - as an SNP MSP.

Ash Regan told BBC Radio Scotland Ms Sturgeon should resign - or the first minister should consider suspending her.

It is amid this noise and the headlines that both the prime minister and the new First Minister of Scotland, Humza Yousaf, have to find the time and the space to get on with the very business of governing.

But this is made vastly more difficult by their predecessors' capacities to generate attention.

Baroness Falkner is the head of the Equality and Human Rights Commission

The head of Britain's equality watchdog is being investigated after bullying and discrimination allegations were made by staff.

The claims against Baroness Falkner, and other members of the Equality and Human Rights Commission (EHRC) board, were seen by Channel 4 News.

Baroness Falkner said she will present a "detailed rebuttal" to the investigators working on the case.

Some campaigners say the EHRC is not protecting transgender rights.

Last year campaigners called for the EHRC's status as an independent group to be revoked over a row about its response to Scotland's plans to make it easier for people to change their sex on their birth certificate.

Further tensions have since emerged after Baroness Falkner advised the UK government that it was worth considering redefining sex as "biological sex" in the Equality Act, in an area that she described as "polarised and contentious".

A clarification to the Equality Act could make it easier to exclude transgender people from single-sex spaces.

Earlier this month, 30 LGBTQ+ charities led by Stonewall wrote to the Global Alliance of National Human Rights Institutions, saying the EHRC was a "failed institution" and "set on a course that would lead directly to a rolling back of trans people's rights in Great Britain".

Details of the allegations have not been shared by the watchdog, but Channel 4 News reported on Tuesday that some staff had said:

Channel 4 News also reported that two in five LGBT staff left the EHRC last year.

Baroness Falkner said she took the allegations "very seriously and with humility" and would be co-operating fully.

"I have worked my whole life to promote the principles of equality and human rights, which are close to my heart as a British-Pakistani woman in public life," she said.

"I try to live those values, as well as to promote them."

Baroness Falkner said she has not yet been interviewed for the investigation, but intends to present a "detailed rebuttal" and has "every confidence in being exonerated".

EHRC chief executive, Marcial Boo, said he would not comment on specifics while the investigation was ongoing, but added that the watchdog would "continue to protect the rights of everyone in Britain, including those with the protected characteristics of sex and gender reassignment".

"We treat allegations of bullying and harassment with the utmost seriousness."

A government spokesperson said it was aware of the internal investigation and it would be inappropriate to comment until it is completed.

Hundreds of vulnerable children will be in illegal accommodation this winter because there are no places for them in children's homes, care providers say.

In March, the government extended a ban on unregulated homes to children in care aged 16 and 17, following BBC investigations.

The BBC found some had been forced to live in caravans and barges - and experienced organised abuse.

A crackdown gets under way in October, when Ofsted begins regulating settings.

All unregulated care settings, which can include individual houses and flats in residential areas, will become illegal.

But local authorities - which have a legal duty to provide homes for children - may be forced to keep using them because they will have no alternative.

About 80% of regulated children's homes in England are provided by private companies, which are suffering chronic staff shortages and a severe squeeze on places.

Mark Kerr, of the Children's Homes Association, this week warned MPs of an urgent need for more resources.

"We have a crisis now that's going to deteriorate," he told the Commons education committee, but "despite repeated calls we are getting no joy from the department of education".

The government banned local authorities from housing under-16s in unregulated settings in 2021. In March, it extended the ban to unregulated placements for 16 and 17-year-olds.

But many local authorities have continued to place children in unregulated accommodation.

"The reality is that hundreds of highly vulnerable children and young people will have nowhere to go," said a spokesperson for the Children's Homes Association, in a statement.

It said a workforce crisis and a rise in numbers of children coming into care - with a significant increase in those facing sexual and criminal exploitation - meant there would be a shortfall in regulated placements.

"We face an unprecedented crisis in residential childcare without urgent action to address workforce challenges," the spokesperson added.

In recent years, many local authorities have resorted to applying for court orders to restrict children's liberty as a solution to managing the risks they are facing, according to the Nuffield Family Justice Observatory.

Such Deprivation of Liberty (DoL) orders can permit children to be kept under constant supervision behind locked doors and windows - in homes that need to be tailored to the risks they are considered to face.

The Children's Homes Association estimates that at least 800 children on DoL orders will have to be re-homed from October. It says it is these children - which it describes as the most vulnerable in the care system - who face the most acute shortage of regulated placements.

Louise Gittins, chair of the Local Government Association's Children and Young People Board, said: "We have long raised concerns over the availability of homes for children in care and it is vital government works with us to address these.

"The need for children's home accommodation currently outstrips supply, and this is undoubtedly driving the increasing use of unregulated and unregistered accommodation."

A Department for Education spokesperson said it was the responsibility of local authorities to provide safe placements.

"Local authorities are responsible for providing safe, appropriate homes for children, and are held to account for the quality of care they provide.

"We are investing over £142m over three years to make sure the transition to Ofsted registration is successful."

Kauan Okamoto said he was sexually abused by Johnny Kitagawa from the age of 15

Another former J-pop star has said he was the victim of sexual abuse by Johnny Kitagawa, a revered Japanese music producer who died in 2019.

Kauan Okamoto said he was abused up to 20 times from 2012-2016, beginning when he was 15 and in a boy band.

Mr Okamoto said he believed as many as 100 boys had been abused.

Kitagawa denied all accusations during his life and never faced charges. A BBC documentary in March detailed allegations from several victims.

Mr Okamoto said he had been compelled to speak out after the BBC released Predator: The Secret Scandal of J-Pop documentary.

Multiple accusers told the BBC they feared their careers would be harmed if they refused Kitagawa.

In Japan, he was viewed as one of the music industry's most powerful figures. When he died in 2019 at age 87, his legacy as the architect of J-pop idol culture was widely celebrated in the country.

However allegations of his sexual exploitation were ignored for decades.

On Wednesday, Mr Okamoto said the abuse he experienced occurred about 15 to 20 times at Kitagawa's penthouse in Tokyo.

The 26-year-old Japanese-Brazilian singer and songwriter said that Kitagawa would come to his bed at night and remove his clothes before performing oral sex on him. Okamoto pretended to be asleep as the abuse occurred.

"[Kitagawa] never explicitly said that if you don't put up with [the abuse] you won't be a success," he told reporters .

"But Johnny's favourite first picks would make it."

He had been picked to join the Johnny's Jr group in 2012 - which was a talent pool of male idols in training at Kitagawa's agency Johnny & Associates.

Mr Okamoto said he knew of at least 100 boys who had stayed over at Kitagawa's home and he believed all of them had been abused.

On Wednesday Johnny & Associates issued a statement after Mr Okamoto's press conference saying the company was working to "strengthen our governance system".

It did not address Mr Okamoto's allegations or make any other reference to its founder.

The agency remains Japan's top male talent manager and production company. It has produced some of the country's biggest boy bands, such as SMAP and Arashi.

Allegations that Kitagawa groomed and sexually abused minors go as far back as the 1960s.

In 1999, local magazine Shukan Bunshun published accounts from six former idols detailing alleged abuse by Kitagawa.

Most Japanese media however did not cover the allegations - prompting accusations for years of an industry cover-up.

This silence persisted even when Kitagawa lost the lawsuit he launched against the magazine, with a court finding that Shukan Bunshun had sufficient reason to publish the sexual assault allegations.

In his press conference, Mr Okamoto said he had not considered taking legal action against Johnny & Associates.

Instead he expressed hope that telling his story would inspire more victims to speak out.

"I hope everyone will come forward because it is an outrageous number of victims," he told reporters on Wednesday.

"I believe that what he did to me, performing sexual acts when I was 15, and what he did to other boys, was wrong."

He said he had been compelled to speak out after the BBC documentary was released last month.

He first detailed his allegations to Shukan Bunshun on 5 April, and he was invited to speak at the Foreign Correspondents Club in Tokyo on Wednesday.

"Japanese media are extremely reluctant to cover this issue, but [I have heard] foreign media, like the BBC, might report on it," he said.
• None Japan’s J-pop predator - exposed for abuse but still revered

The seaweed, pebbles and sand make Pwllheli look like an aquatic mammal

This photo of Pwllheli harbour looks so much like a dolphin you might think it was built on porpoise.

The aerial snap was taken in Gwynedd by Rhys Jones at the start of the month. He shared it on a Facebook forum called Pwllheli Drone Photos.

"I've been up several times above the marina but it's the first time I've noticed this," said the photographer.

"It was an amazing discovery. Once you've seen it, you can't unsee it."

There is a pod of about 300 bottlenose dolphins in Cardigan Bay.

Perhaps the harbour wants to join them.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Where's Vladimir Putin? That's what we were wondering most of Monday - two days after a dramatic insurrection by the Wagner Group that saw a convoy of mercenary fighters headed to Moscow.

A spokesman for Mr Putin announced a deal to end the Wagner mutiny late on Saturday. But when would the president himself comment on the controversial agreement?

It was controversial because the Wagner mercenaries had rebelled, seized military sites (with apparent ease) and then marched on Moscow; Russian air force pilots had been killed in the mutiny. Yet the Kremlin had agreed not to prosecute Wagner fighters or their leader Yevgeny Prigozhin in return for calling off the uprising.

Over the last week, President Putin has made a series of unusual public appearances - all televised - in an apparent attempt to steady the ship.

On Monday we hear from Mr Prigozhin: an audio message posted online presenting his side of the story. He says his men headed to Moscow to "hold to account" those leaders he blamed for "mistakes" in the Ukraine war.

Then late into the evening, an announcement is made. "Standby: President Putin will address the nation." Now it feels like the Kremlin leader is playing catch-up.

Putin appears on TV screens after 10pm. A late-night address from him is very unusual. Social media buzzes with rumours that this will be a speech that will "decide the fate of Russia". With trepidation we switch on Russian TV to hear the president speak.

It quickly becomes clear this address will not decide the country's fate. There are no major announcements. But the five-minute speech does provide clues to how the Kremlin is going to spin the dramatic events of the weekend to its benefit.

Putin paints a picture of a Russia that has united to defeat the treachery of Wagner's leaders.

He tries to bring everyone on side: he thanks the Russian public, Russian officials, religious leaders, the Russian armed forces and his security services. He distinguishes between the leaders of the mutiny and regular Wagner fighters and commanders, whom he praises as patriots. Crucially, he presents himself as the man who averted major bloodshed.

"As soon as these events began to unfold," he says, "in keeping with my direct instructions, steps were taken to avoid spilling blood".

Remember that controversy I was talking about? He doesn't address that. But, hey, Russia has stepped back from the brink. That's the main thing.

On Monday he was playing catch-up. By Tuesday morning it's full steam ahead to try to restore his authority.

At a hastily arranged event the Russian authorities are going heavy - very heavy - on the pomp and ceremony. Some 2,500 soldiers, Russian Guard and security officials are lined up on the Kremlin's Cathedral Square. This is the site of coronation (and funeral) processions of Russian tsars.

Cue Putin: To the presidential fanfare he descends the many steps of the Kremlin down onto the square (red carpet all the way, of course) and with a backdrop of the onion domes of Kremlin cathedrals the president - and commander-in-chief - delivers a speech to his troops.

But even before he starts to speak, the imagery says it all. It's all here in one place: the Orthodox Church, the Kremlin, the president and the army. It reminds me of the old Imperial Russian slogan: "For faith, for the Tsar and the Fatherland."

In other words, the visual messaging here is all about presenting Russia as a country uniting behind Vladimir Putin. It's almost as if they want Russians to think that the Church, the military, and the president are interlinked, even part of one whole.

In his brief address, President Putin again claims that Russian society has come together after the Wagner mutiny. But most of what he says is praise for his military for "stopping a civil war".

There's a minute's silence for the air force pilots who were killed. The president is paying his respects, but still not addressing the question of why Wagner fighters are not being prosecuted over their deaths.

Speech over. Cue the national anthem and a gun salute.

Overall message: the president's not only in charge. With the help of the Russian army and the Russian people, he's just scored a great victory.

This is probably the most surprising Putin video of the week - perhaps of the year. That's because it's a very un-Putin-like Putin we see, in terms of getting up close and personal with the crowds.

The official reason President Putin is visiting Dagestan is to chair a meeting on domestic tourism.

But it's not the meeting that dominates news bulletins later on Russian TV. It's the crazy scenes that follow.

The Kremlin leader is shown being mobbed by an adoring crowd in the city of Derbent.

We've grown used to seeing Vladimir Putin keeping his distance from those he comes into contact with. Remember those long Kremlin tables with Putin seated safely at one end and his guests at the other?

Not here. In Dagestan he's kissing children, hugging women, shaking hands and posing for photos.

"Screaming, squealing, applause," exclaims the presenter of a popular talk show on the Russia-1 channel. "Even rock stars don't get this kind of welcome. The West is scoffing that after Prigozhin's mutiny the president has been weakened. This proves the opposite is the case."

Putin's behaviour seems so out of character. On the other hand, nothing feels particularly normal any more in Russia.

The Russian president had just survived an armed mutiny. Perhaps he feels the need to demonstrate - to the country, to the political elite, and to himself - that he still has supporters out there. A "spontaneous" expression of public adoration would fit the bill.

As I view these images, I suddenly remember what happened last weekend, after the deal was done to end the mutiny. As Wagner fighters led by Mr Prigozhin had left Rostov on Saturday night, they were cheered on the streets.

Has Vladimir Putin seen those images? Does he feel the need for his own "hero" moment?

We'll probably never know.

President Putin's attending a business conference on Russian brands in Moscow. It doesn't exactly make for another rock-star moment.

Still, any opportunity to try to show (a) he's in charge (b) he's active (c) he has the support of the people.

The Russian president is applauded as he enters the hall. He sits down and listens to one of the organisers deliver opening remarks.

"Vladimir Vladimirovich, along with you and the whole country we, too, lived through the events of 24 June [the mutiny] with anxiety," she says addressing Putin. "We are all with you and we all support you."

As if to prove it, the delegates give Vladimir Putin a standing ovation.

From the same event, we see another slightly more bizarre video. President Putin is doodling on an interactive whiteboard.

The result is a cartoon-like red face with three strands of hair. A curious picture from a leader who has learnt the art of political survival.

Lines of loyal troops, gun salutes, screaming fans and a standing ovation. With these kinds of images, the Kremlin leader is trying to show he's back in control.

He even has time to doodle. He must be feeling confident.

Following the mutiny, we've witnessed a turbo-charged Putin this week. He was here, he was there, he seemed to be everywhere. It was almost as if he'd kicked off his campaign for re-election (his presidential term expires next year).

But positive pictures do not change the fact that the rebellion had taken the Kremlin by surprise. It was a threat. The Wagner fighters had been well on their way to Moscow when the mutiny was called off. It was an unprecedented challenge to Putin's authority.

And the long-term consequences of that are still unclear.

British Transport Police said the alleged assault happened on a train from Aberdare to Cardiff Central

A man was sexually assaulted on a train after lewd comments were made towards him, police say.

The incident happened at about 12:50 BST on 1 July, on a train from Aberdare to Cardiff Central.

The victim walked past a group of people before a man allegedly "made lewd comments towards him".

Police said the man then sexually assaulted the victim before "making light of the incident".

A 40-year-old man was later arrested in connection with the assault before being released on bail.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Pausing Ofsted inspections would be the "empathetic, human, correct thing to do", says the sister of a head teacher who took her own life after an inspection - as the watchdog announces some changes to how it works.

Ruth Perry died while waiting for a report that downgraded her school.

Her sister, Prof Julia Waters, wants a full review to take place.

Ofsted is making some changes, such as how it manages complaints - but will keep its one-word grading system.

Chief inspector Amanda Spielman said the schools watchdog for England, "will continue to listen" to try to make improvements.

Ofsted has said its thoughts are with Ms Perry's family, and described her death as a tragedy.

The family believes the anxiety and stress following the inspection led to Ms Perry's suicide.

"She was fine beforehand, she was not fine during and after it. It is a potentially dangerous system," Prof Waters told BBC News.

She added that they had not heard directly from Ofsted about the concerns the family has raised.

"It adds to the hurt, it adds to the outrage, it adds to our feeling of injustice about what happened to Ruth," she said.

Prof Waters said she had been overwhelmed by the number of people getting in touch and speaking out about their concerns with the inspection process after Ms Perry's death."It confirms our worst fears, that this is something that has been going on for a long time," she said.

She wants inspections to be paused so that an independent inquiry into what happened at Ms Perry's school, in Reading, can take place - as well as a review of the culture of inspections at Ofsted.

Ruth Perry, who took her own life in January, had been waiting for an Ofsted report rating her school as "inadequate"

In a statement, Ms Spielman outlined the changes Ofsted are making which include:

"We are not deaf to the calls for change, or insensitive to the needs of schools and their staff," Ms Spielman added.

Prof Waters said this latest response was "totally insensitive to the situation" and was far from "anything like a meaningful response to the growing calls for reform".

Caversham Primary School was downgraded by Ofsted after inspectors decided that checks on staff and record-keeping of concerns about children were inadequate.

Under the current system, this means the leadership of the school is declared inadequate, as well as the school overall.

The quality of education and behaviour at the school were praised by inspectors.

Before the Covid-19 pandemic, most schools were inspected roughly once every four years. However all visits were put on hold in the pandemic.

Outstanding schools were also exempt for eight years up to 2020, which means some are now now facing inspection for the first time in a decade.

Some academy school leaders have said Ofsted is not fully considering the impact of the pandemic.

Education Secretary Gillian Keegan said standards on keeping children safe would not be "watered down", and she continued to support a "clear one-word rating" to inform parents' decisions.

She told MPs earlier this week she would be willing to meet Ms Perry's family.

Ofsted, the Office for Standards in Education, Children's Services and Skills, inspects and reports on anywhere that provides education for young people in England - including schools, nurseries and childminders.

Schools or organisations are inspected every four years or 30 months depending on their status, and are then graded accordingly:

Many parents rely on Ofsted ratings to help them choose a school or nursery for their child.

Following Ruth Perry's death, some school leaders and teaching unions called for a review of the impact of inspections and the current system of one-word grades.

Speaking to Radio 4's Today programme, Sir Jon Coles, the Chief Executive of United Learning, which runs 72 state academy schools across England, and a former education civil servant who led the improvement of London's schools, said Ofsted is a positive thing and does contribute to public understanding of schools.

He said inspectors produce a four-page report at the end of a full inspection: "The overall single-word grade and then the four single-word judgments are accompanied by quite a lot of detail and explanation."

Julie McCulloch, from the Association of School & College Leaders (ASCL), said while some of proposals put forward by Ofsted are helpful, they are concerned that Ofsted "aren't prepared to look at the single-word judgements".

She agrees there is a longer report but "people tend to concentrate on that grade rather than on the nuances behind it, and when we talk to our members, they say the biggest cause of stress around inspection is that reductive approach that tends to capture most of what a school does in a single word or phrase".

In March, the National Education Union (NEU), school leaders' union NAHT, and the ASCL called for inspections to be halted.

The recruitment process for a new chief inspector of Ofsted is already under way, because Ms Spielman is standing down later this year.

Prof Waters says change can't wait until then: "There is an urgent problem in Ofsted, and it needs to be dealt with urgently. What happened to Ruth could happen again."

A full inquest will consider the circumstances around Ruth Perry's suicide later this year.

If you have been affected by issues raised in this article you can visit the BBC Action Line pages, or contact or Samaritans.

The story of head teacher, Ruth Perry, who took her life after her school's rating was downgraded by Ofsted.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Passengers had to be helped down from The Big One in Blackpool

Passengers on the UK's highest rollercoaster had to walk down its tracks to safety after the ride was halted due to sudden strong winds.

The Big One at Blackpool Pleasure Beach was stopped for safety reasons as thrill-seekers enjoyed the 235ft (71m) high attraction.

Theme park staff led the stranded passengers down the tracks and the ride was cancelled for the rest of the day.

People can pay to walk the ride once a month with full safety equipment.

Passengers were seen being helped down the rollercoaster's steep tracks in an image captured from a nearby hotel as the drama unfolded on Tuesday.

A Blackpool Pleasure Beach spokeswoman confirmed the ride was stopped "due to sudden changes in weather conditions".

She continued: "Guests on the ride were reassured and escorted from the ride by Blackpool Pleasure Beach staff.

"Due to high gusts of wind the Big One rollercoaster closed for the remainder of the day."

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Last updated on .From the section Golf

-8 -6 -5 -3 S Scheffler (US), B DeChambeau (US), H English (US), S Bennett (US), SW Kim (Kor), P Barjon (Fra), M Hughes (Can)

The US Open first round featured record lows, two holes-in-one and a charging Rory McIlroy as the tournament returned to Los Angeles after a 75-year absence.

Californians Rickie Fowler and Xander Schauffele lead on eight under after recording the US Open's first 62s.

Former champions Dustin Johnson and McIlroy led the chase but bogeyed their last holes to end six and five under on a day of unusually low scoring.

Frenchman Mathieu Pavon and American Sam Burns both aced the 15th.

They were the 49th and 50th holes-in-one at the championship, which was last played in the city in 1948 and is making its first visit to exclusive Los Angeles Country Club.

American Wyndham Clark birdied the last to post a 64 and join Johnson at six under while Brian Harman is level with McIlroy after a 65.

Scottie Scheffler and Bryson DeChambeau add more star power to a stacked leaderboard, both five shots adrift, while a frustrated Jon Rahm shot a 69.

It's been quite a journey for Fowler, one of the most popular players on the PGA Tour, who went from a career-high fourth in the world ranking in 2016 all the way down to 173rd just a year ago.

The 34-year-old, one of just four players in history with top-five finishes in all four majors in one season, failed to qualify for the past two US Opens but marked his return in some style.

"It has been long and tough. It's a lot longer than you ever want it to be," Fowler said after his record round. "It's been so worth it and now being back."

While Fowler tied the US Open record with 10 birdies in his round to counter two bogeys, current Olympic champion Schauffele had eight birdies in a bogey-free round.

"It's a great start. I hit a lot of really good shots," said Schauffele, who like Fowler is yet to win a major. "Rickie was just right in front of me and I was playing really good golf so thought I may as well just chase him down.

"You have to play hard here, dig your way around."

For a notoriously slow starter in the majors, McIlroy's 65 on the quirky par-70 layout represents a huge improvement for the Northern Irishman as he looks to end his nine-year wait for a fifth major.

McIlroy made five front-nine birdies - his best effort in majors - on the back of some explosive driving off the tee.

And he played solid golf on the back nine, adding one more birdie before making his only mistake at the 18th - playing an air shot from the greenside rough before making an 11-foot putt to drop just one shot.

Johnson came flying home with five birdies on his back nine but he too made a mistake on the 18th.

He missed the par-three ninth green by a good 20 yards and his ball plunged into a bunker by the 18th green. He took three from there to drop his only shot of the day and finish two off the lead.

"The golf course is in perfect condition," said Johnson. "I really like it. You just have to drive it well or you have no chance.

"The course was set up really nicely. I would imagine the next few days you're going to see the golf course set up as hard as they want to."

Scheffler, DeChambeau and best of the rest

World number one Scheffler bookended his round with a bogey on the first and last, but found a spark around the turn with five birdies in eight holes to card a creditable 67.

That scored was matched by 2020 US Open champion DeChambeau, who had an eventful round with six birdies and three bogeys.

Local favourite Max Homa, who was born in Los Angeles and holds the course record of 61, is just a shot further back on two under while Viktor Hovland is one under after a round of highs and lows that included a hole-out eagle from 175 yards and a double-bogey seven.

Norwegian Hovland, 25, has come close in the past three majors, playing in the final groups in both last year's Open Championship and last month's US PGA Championship.

Reigning Masters champion Rahm looked largely frustrated with three birdies and two bogeys in his one-under 69.

The Spaniard has a great record in California, with five of his PGA Tour wins coming in the state - including his 2019 US Open victory at Torrey Pines in nearby San Diego.

Jordan Smith is the leading Englishman after shooting a level-par 70 that featured five bogeys and five birdies, while defending champion Matt Fitzpatrick headed to the practice range after signing for a 71.
• None Are you in need of a good night's sleep? Try Michael Mosley's suggestions for relaxing and dropping off

A missile launch by North Korea sparked confusion in northern Japan, where an evacuation order was abruptly retracted

A missile launch by North Korea sparked confusion in northern Japan, where an evacuation order was issued and then retracted within 30 minutes.

Sirens blared across Hokkaido and residents were told to "evacuate immediately" on Thursday morning.

Authorities later said the missile did not land near the island and withdrew the alert.

Tensions have been growing in the region, as North Korea has already fired 27 missiles this year.

The projectile flew about 1,000 km (620 miles), in what South Korea's military called a "grave provocation".

The missile is believed to be of medium or longer-range, but details on which weapon was tested on Thursday morning have not yet been made public.

Meanwhile, Japanese coastguards said the missile had splashed into waters to the east of North Korea. Mr Hamada said he could not confirm whether the missile flew over Japan's exclusive economic zone.

Schools in Hokkaido delayed their start times and some train services were suspended, Japanese broadcaster NHK reported.

Japan's Foreign Minister Yoshimasa Hayashi said Pyongyang's repeated missile launches pose a "grave and imminent threat" to Japan's security.

US National Security Council spokesperson Adrienne Watson said the latest launch "needlessly raises tensions and risks destabilising the security situation in the region".

This latest launch came days after North Korean leader Kim Jong Un ordered his military to adopt a "more practical and offensive" manner in war deterrence, as reported by its state media agency KCNA.

For the past week, North Korea has not been answering twice-daily phone calls from South Korea, which has concerned the government in Seoul.

The two Koreas typically exchange calls at 09:00 and 15:00 local time (00:00 and 06:00 GMT) via a military hotline - these daily check-ins are intended to prevent clashes along the countries' border.

Earlier this week, South Korea's Unification Minister Kwon Young-se described the North's suspension of communication as "unilateral and irresponsible".

"Pyongyang's provocations continue past its protest of US-South Korea defence exercises because Kim Jong-un hasn't finished demonstrating his nuclear delivery capabilities yet," said Leif-Eric Easley, a professor at Ewha University in Seoul,

"However, with the North Koreans literally not answering the phone, the lack of hotlines and diplomacy increases the risk of unintended escalation," he said.

This is an important week for North Korea as it celebrates Mr Kim's 11th year in power - the country tends to mark these anniversaries with displays of military progress.

North Korea has been working to increase its nuclear arsenal and build ever-more sophisticated weapons. It has also criticised joint military exercises between the US and South Korea, accusing them of escalating tensions.

The latest missile launch also comes two days before the birthday of North Korea's founding leader Kim Il Sung - the biggest annual holiday on the country's calendar.

In October 2022, residents in northern Japan woke up to similar sirens and text alerts to take cover after North Korea fired a ballistic missile over Japan.

The missile travelled 4,500km (2,800 miles) before falling into the Pacific Ocean far from Japan, and there were no reported injuries.

In October 2022, residents in northern Japan were alerted to take cover after North Korea fired a ballistic missile

Pavel Kuzin was killed in Bakhmut amid brutal fighting around the eastern Ukrainian city

Staff sergeant Pavel Kuzin took his position at the machine gun - the only soldier still able to fight. Everyone else in his troop lay dead or injured.

Suffering from shell-shock and with one arm bandaged, the 37-year-old fired at the waves of Russian soldiers trying to storm his position. They didn't even try to take cover, but simply walked towards him across the open field.

It was clear Pavel wouldn't be able to hold the position for long, but he needed to buy time for a rescue team to arrive. His final action in life was to ensure his wounded comrades got to safety.

The Ukrainian military says Bakhmut is now the scene of many "unprecedentedly bloody" battles like this, where they now have to repel up to 50 attacks on their positions every day. Russia has concentrated massive forces in this area, and their brutal strategy of launching human wave attacks helps them to advance slowly - but at a very high cost.

Pavel was in charge of a forward observation group that consisted of six Ukrainian soldiers. On 17 February, shortly after the start of their watch, they came under heavy fire. A tank began hammering their position.

Unlike relentless mortar rounds, the tank's aiming was chillingly accurate. Shells were landing a few metres from their trenches. Two soldiers were wounded and Pavel told them to go into a dugout. A combat medic went down to tend to their injuries and prepare them for an evacuation. Moments later, the wooden shelter was directly hit by a shell.

"There was a bright flash," one of the wounded soldiers with a callsign Tsygan told the BBC. "I was thrown onto the logs with such force that it nearly crushed me. I couldn't understand whether I was dead or alive. Someone was shouting, it seemed the sound was coming from 100m away."

I couldn't understand whether I was dead or alive

It was Pavel's voice who was checking on them. The other soldier was half-buried under dirt and logs. He was dead.

Tsygan could barely move and Pavel had to drag him up over the splintered logs that blocked the way. It was painfully slow to move Tsygan just a few metres away into a nearby trench. When the shelling paused briefly, Pavel went back trying to find others.

Two minesweepers arrived to clear the logs and find the bodies. But yet another shell hit the dug out, killing one of the men and injuring the other. The tank kept firing.

At that moment, Russian troops started storming their position. Pavel called for a support group to evacuate the wounded and rushed back to his Browning machine gun to stop the Russian infantry.

The 206th Battalion in which Pavel served had fought in the southern Kherson and north-eastern Kharkiv regions. But the battles over Bakhmut were very different from what they had seen before.

"The intensity of fighting to break through our positions was shocking," says Mykola Hlabets, platoon commander. "Sometimes, [Russian soldiers] would get as close as 20 metres from us, crawling and moving under a treeline or across an open field. This is where we had our first gunfights at such proximity."

"They would just stand and walk towards our positions without any cover. We wiped out one group after another, but they kept coming."

Hlabets described them as a suicide squad. Others call them cannon fodder.

Ukrainians are trying to fight off Russia's human wave attacks - similar to tactics used during World War One

A number of videos have been shared on telegram channels recently where newly mobilized Russian soldiers appealed to President Vladimir Putin and the authorities to stop what they called "illegal orders" to send them "to be slaughtered".

Last month mobilised soldiers from Belgorod posted a video saying that they were sent for an assault mission without proper training. After suffering heavy losses, they said they refused to carry out their orders.

Often these poorly trained soldiers are reportedly forced to keep pushing forward. The assault group Storm of the 5th Brigade of the Russian army said in a video appeal that they couldn't leave their position because of zagryad otryad, or blocking troops - detachments that open fire at their own men who try to retreat.

These wave attacks are similar to World War One tactics, when troops charged the enemy and engaged in close combat. And despite their lack of training and experience, sending newly recruited soldiers to such assaults are bringing some results for Russia, albeit at a very high cost.

Ukrainians expose their positions when they open fire to stop those attacks. That allows Russian artillery to identify the target and destroy it, as happened with Pavel's post.

Also, soldiers at forward positions run out of ammunition while trying to repel numerous wave attacks. They then become an easy target.

That was the risk Pavel knew he faced as he rushed to his Browning machine gun. But as long as he kept firing, his wounded brothers-in-arms had a chance to be rescued.

Tsygan was bleeding in the trench where Pavel had left him. Shrapnel had smashed his pelvis. Another piece had gone through his thigh, and a third had hit his abdomen, "turning the internal organs upside down", he said. He was barely conscious.

"I didn't see much, it was all white," he said. "I lay on the snowy ground for two hours and I didn't feel cold or anything."

Next to him was another wounded soldier. The rescue team on an armoured personnel carrier hastily picked them up as shelling resumed. They didn't even have time to close the hatch, Tsygan says.

By that time, Pavel's machine gun had fallen silent. He died from a head wound: a piece of shrapnel had pierced his helmet.

Commanders of the 206th battalion decided to send a group to retrieve the bodies of Pavel and the other soldiers.

The next day in the evening, three groups of two soldiers each set off to bring the bodies back.

"The plan looked good on paper, but things quickly went wrong," junior sergeant Vasyl Palamarchuk, who was in the lead group, remembers. They got lost and nearly ran into Russian positions in the dark. When they got close to the dugout, Russians spotted them and opened fire from a tank.

Pavel Kuzin died holding off Russian attackers so his wounded fellow soldiers could be evacuated

Russian tanks and artillery had continuously shelled that post in those days, but the Ukrainian big guns had largely stayed quiet. The reason was a massive shortage of shells.

"Once we counted that the Russians had fired up to 60 shells a day, whereas we could allow only two," Palamarchuk explains. "They destroyed trees and everything else and you had no place to hide."

Ukraine is struggling to find ammunition for its Soviet-era artillery. Getting shells for weapons donated by Ukraine's western partners has its own limits. As the secretary general of the Nato military alliance, Jens Stoltenberg, said recently: "The current rate of Ukraine's ammunition expenditure is many times higher than our current rate of production."

Palamarchuk's group eventually picked up Pavel's body just a few hours before Russian troops seized the area. Heavy snow turned into a freezing rain. After numerous breaks on the way back, crawling through craters left by shells, they finally arrived. The whole operation over just a kilometre's distance lasted for six hours.

It was past midnight but the entire battalion gathered at the evacuation point to pay their respects to Pavel, who is survived by his daughter and wife.

"It was a huge loss for our unit," Palamarchuk says. "He saved two people but died himself."

When the BBC's director general, Tim Davie, took over in 2020, he declared his founding principle to be "impartiality".

Three years later, a row over that principle and how it applies across the corporation has created a crisis that has quite clearly caught managers by surprise.

Familiar, fixed points in the weekly TV schedule unexpectedly falling off air in quick succession is proof of a crisis that has become something much bigger than a row about some tweets.

The Gary Lineker issue is more than an argument about the opinions of a highly paid sports presenter - it is a test of the BBC's fundamental values and the current director general's core mission.

The passions provoked by Lineker's political tweets and the decision to keep him off air until he and the BBC resolve this issue has poured petrol on a fire that was already well alight - the debate about the BBC's role in British politics and perceptions of bias both to the left and the right.

But first, let's look at the immediate issue.

It's worth noting that complaints about Lineker's politically charged tweets are not new.

In 2016 and 2018 the BBC defended comments made by the Match of the Day presenter about child migrants and Brexit by saying he was a freelance presenter, it was a private Twitter account and the stringent rules for journalists did not apply equally to sports presenters.

The guidelines at the time said the risk to compromising the BBC's impartiality "is lower where an individual is expressing views publicly on an unrelated area, for example, a sports or science presenter expressing views on politics or the arts".

Since then rules have been tightened. New guidelines on social media demanded an "extra responsibility" for presenters with a "high profile". Some described the new rule as the "Lineker clause".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: BBC boss Tim Davie asked if he bowed to government pressure

The question is whether that rule is being fairly applied. Twitter is awash with examples of what some people think are presenters who have gone too far over recent years. Names frequently raised include Alan Sugar, Chris Packham and Andrew Neil.

In response, Mr Davie said on Saturday evening that he was in "listening mode" and suggested there might be an escape route by re-examining those guidelines.

There is good reason for him to want to bring this to a conclusion. Impartiality is hugely important but so too is providing a service that people pay for through their licence fee.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. WATCH: How the Match of the Day row played out on Saturday... in 60 seconds

Match of the Day went ahead on BBC One on Saturday night - but was reduced to a 20-minute edition that did not have a presenter, pundits or any commentary - while other football coverage was dropped.

Every cancelled programme is a source of further complaint from licence payers who may not care what Lineker says on Twitter but care deeply about their favourite programmes staying on air on a Saturday night.

There is also the wider context of a government that has in recent years been critical of the BBC and its perceived liberal bias.

Greg Dyke, a former director general, who left the BBC over a clash with the Labour Government in 2004, says the decision to pull Gary Lineker from Match of the Day looks like a corporation bowing to political pressure from a Tory government.

All of which leads to another issue that asks questions of the BBC's impartiality, the BBC's chairman, Richard Sharp, a former donor to the Conservative party who is the subject of an ongoing inquiry looking in to his appointment and what he did or did not disclose about his part in the arrangement of an £800,000 loan guarantee to the former prime minister, Boris Johnson. He has denied any involvement in arranging the loan.

Lineker has become a lightning rod for a much bigger debate and the BBC would like to resolve the issue as quickly as possible to stop a very public row turning into a monumental crisis. However, with the corporation saying it wants Lineker, with his 8.7 million Twitter followers, to stop the political tweets while he shows no sign of agreeing to be silenced, it's hard to see quite how this will resolve itself.

For the BBC this is about impartiality but to many others it is about free speech. Indeed, there is a statue outside the BBC's headquarters in London of the author of 1984, George Orwell, a former BBC talks producer. Inscribed on the wall behind the Orwell statue are these words: "If liberty means anything at all it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear."

Eighty years after Orwell left the BBC, the corporation finds itself in a deepening crisis. That thought from Orwell and the questions it raises for the BBC are at the very heart of the Lineker debate.

Captain Sir Tom Moore became famous for his fundraising efforts during the first coronavirus lockdown

The £38m raised by Captain Sir Tom Moore when he walked 100 laps of his Bedfordshire garden is "not under investigation", the charity which received it has said.

NHS Charities Together said money it received for its Covid-19 Urgent Appeal had "funded thousands of projects".

It said the Captain Tom Foundation, set up after his death, is a "completely separate organisation" to it.

The foundation is subject to an ongoing inquiry into its finances.

Capt Sir Tom, who was born in Keighley, West Yorkshire, died in 2021 aged 100.

He became an international figure, during the start of the first coronavirus lockdown in 2020, for his fundraising walks in the grounds of his family home in Marston Moretaine.

Capt Sir Tom won the nation's hearts with his fundraising walk, which took in 100 laps of his garden

After he died, his family set up the Captain Tom Foundation, which is no longer taking donations or making payments due to a Charity Commission inquiry, which started a year ago.

Announcing the probe, the commission said "concerns have mounted" over the charity and independence from a business run by Capt Sir Tom's family.

An NHS Charities Together spokesman said: "The Captain Tom Foundation is a completely separate organisation that was established after Captain Tom did his fundraising for our Covid-19 Urgent Appeal, and the Charity Commission has made clear that the £38m he raised for NHS Charities Together is not under investigation."

A statement added that its Covid appeal raised more than £160m from thousands of supporters which had been "distributed across the network of NHS charities to reach every NHS Trust and Health Board in the UK".

"It has funded thousands of projects and provided vital mental health support for NHS staff, training for emergency volunteers, equipment and support for patients, and community partnership programmes to prevent ill health and reduce pressure on NHS services," the statement said.

"The support we continue to provide has never been more vital, and we are thankful to everyone who helps make it possible."

A Covid appeal progress report on its website "demonstrates the difference donations" are making, the charity said.

Recently, the younger of his two daughters, Hannah Ingram-Moore, who lived with Capt Sir Tom, has been told to knock down an unauthorised building used as a home spa.

The spa (the C-shaped building to the right of the pond) is at the home where Capt Sir Tom Moore walked 100 laps of the garden in 2020

The building on the site of the family home - for the use of the occupiers and the Captain Tom Foundation - had received planning permission in August 2021 and had been partly constructed when revised plans submitted in February 2022 including a spa pool, toilets and a kitchen, "for private use".

These revised plans for what was called the Captain Tom Building were turned down by Central Bedfordshire Council in November 2022.

Neither The Captain Tom Moore Foundation nor Ms Ingram-Moore have responded to the BBC's request for comment on the planning application.

Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp us on 0800 169 1830

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Tyler McDermott was found with a gunshot injury on Norman Road

Two men have been arrested after a teenager died in a shooting in north London.

Tyler McDermott, 17, was found by the emergency services on Norman Road in Tottenham at about 04:20 BST on Thursday and died on Friday .

The Met said two 19-year-olds have been arrested on suspicion of murder and remain in custody.

The detective leading the investigation appealed to a group of people at the scene at the time to come forward.

Det Ch Insp Neil John said: "There is still significant work to do to identify those involved in Tyler's murder.

"There were a large number of people in the area at the time of Tyler's murder and I am reiterating my appeal to anyone who was there, or who has information about this incident, to contact police immediately."

The Met added Tyler's family continue to be supported by specialist officers and a post-mortem examination is scheduled to take place on Sunday.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Emily Lewis was on a day out with her family when the crash happened

A speedboat skipper who was going too fast before a crash that fatally injured a teenage passenger has been given a suspended prison sentence.

Michael Lawrence, 55, was convicted of failing to maintain a proper lookout and a safe speed before the crash that killed 15-year-old Emily Lewis in Southampton Water on 22 August 2020.

After a trial at Winchester Crown Court, he was cleared of manslaughter.

He and boat owner Michael Howley were both given 18-week suspended sentences.

Michael Lawrence was convicted of failing to maintain a proper lookout and a safe speed before the crash

Howley was previously found guilty by majority verdict of failing to operate the vessel safely.

Emily Lewis, from Park Gate, Hampshire, was on a "high thrills" ride with her parents and sister when the RIB, carrying 12 people, hit the buoy at nearly 37 knots (43mph), the court heard.

She suffered "unsurvivable" crush injuries while a number of other passengers were seriously injured, the jury was told.

Her sister Amy tearfully described how she did not think she could carry on living after losing Emily.

In a victim statement, she said: "My poor parents had to hear their only daughter tell them that I wanted to die."

Emily's father Simon said he was a "truly broken man" as he recalled making the decision to switch his daughter's life support machine off.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The trial heard the boat was driven straight at the buoy for 14 seconds before the crash

Reading her victim impact statement to the court, Emily's mother Nicola said looking at Lawrence: "I couldn't help her and this haunts me daily. I cannot get the image out of my head.

"That is why I survive and not live because of what you did to me and my family on that day."

In a further victim statement, boat passenger Helen Mann, who suffered five fractured ribs and a punctured lung when she was thrown into the water, said she had suffered lasting trauma, leaving her unable to look at the sea.

Her friend Carolyn Edwards, who suffered a broken rib, broken leg and fractured back, described having sleepless nights and flashbacks.

Alison McKenzie, who was in the boat with her family, told the court her sons' lives had been devastated by the crash, with one missing nearly two years of school due to mental health issues.

Lawrence (left) and Michael Howley were both also ordered to complete 125 hours of community service and pay £1,000 of court costs

Mark Ashley, defending Lawrence, of Blackfield, New Forest, said his client was "a good man who has made a mistake" and was "deeply affected" by what had happened.

"There isn't a day that goes by when he doesn't wish it was he who died."

Keely Harvey, who represented Howley, of Hordle, Hampshire, said the boat owner "cared" about the safety of his passengers and would be "forever affected" by the incident.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The jury was shown a police re-enactment of the speedboat's course

The defendants sat with their heads bowed, avoiding the victims' gaze as the statements were read.

They were both also ordered to complete 125 hours of community service and pay £1,000 of court costs.

Suspending the jail sentences for two years, Mr Justice Butcher told Lawrence he took into account his remorse and years of service with the RNLI.

"It is still unknown why you drove the RIB as you did. It must have been the result of inattention or distraction," the judge said.

He said Howley had immediately shut down his thrill ride firm Seadogz, and the owner's failure to put proper safety procedures in place had not caused the accident.

Emily Lewis's mother Nikki, father Simon and sister Amy said justice had only partly been served

Outside the court, Simon Lewis said he was disappointed that the sentences had been suspended.

Reading a family statement, he said: "After two-and-a-half long years we have managed to get some of the justice that Emily so deserved.

"Neither Mr Lawrence nor Mr Howley have apologised for what happened on that fateful day.

"I do hope that the safety concerns raised by this case can help other people to continue to have fun on the water but with a reduced risk of injury or indeed death."

Follow BBC South on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to south.newsonline@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

In an emotional message S Club confirmed they would be continuing with their October tour

S Club 7 have confirmed they will be embarking on a planned tour after the death of Paul Cattermole - but without remaining member Hannah Spearritt.

In a video posted to the group's official Instagram page, the other five members confirmed she would not be taking part in the 19-date tour.

Cattermole died last month aged 46 at his home in Dorset, weeks after the 25th anniversary tour was announced.

He and Spearritt had been in a relationship while in the band.

Last month, she gave an interview to the Sun in which she said she had been unable to stop crying since learning of his death.

The cause of the star's death has not been confirmed but police said there were "no suspicious circumstances".

S Club 7 were one of the biggest pop acts of the late 1990s and early 2000s.

Their hits included Reach, Don't Stop Movin' and S Club Party. In total, they had 11 UK top 10 singles, including four number ones, and sold more than 10 million albums worldwide. They also won two Brit Awards.

The tour will take place in October this year, taking in arenas across the UK, plus one date in the Republic of Ireland.

In one other change, the branding on the band's website had been updated with the '7' in the group's logo removed as they have reverted to their previous name of S Club. The band used this version of the name in the mid-2000s when Cattermole initially left the band.

In the Instagram video, the band sit on a sofa and appear to be clearly emotional.

It opens with them explaining they had recently been taking time to deal with Paul's death, saying it had been "a bit of a shock".

S Club members said Paul Cattermole had been involved in the planning of the October tour

On the departure of Hannah Spearritt, Jon Lee said she remained a member of the group.

"She won't be joining us on this tour but we wish her all the best for the future. However, the five of us are really excited and geared up to crack on," he said.

He goes on to say the tour will be a "tribute" to Paul, and is being renamed the Good Times Tour, after one of the songs that featured Paul as the lead vocalist.

Rachel Stevens said: "He's always going to be with us. He was such a big part of this tour, so involved in everything that we are planning."

"And we are just going to keep his memory alive and share it with all of you and its going to make it even more special."

This Instagram post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Instagram The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip instagram post by sclub7 This article contains content provided by Instagram. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Meta’s Instagram cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Bradley McIntosh said Paul was like a "big brother" to the group, with Jo O'Meara saying that Paul would light up a room "with humour and love" and was "just a really special person".

Tina Barrett added: "It's just really sad and really, really hard to process it right now."

Surgeons at the Cleveland Clinic are using magnets to help control their work

The tiny, tweezer-like set of metal jaws was in place. Gently gripping the patient's gall bladder. But the grasping device was not physically connected to anything - it appeared to be levitating inside the person's body.

In reality, the jaws were being controlled remotely by a robot arm wielding a special magnet.

"We could see the critical structures, the blood vessels," says Dr Matthew Kroh of the Cleveland Clinic in Ohio. It wasn't long before he had removed the troublesome gall bladder with the help of his robotic assistant. This was one of two dozen or so similar surgeries he and his team have performed in recent months using their high-tech system.

"It allows us to do a very common operation in a less invasive way," he says, explaining that fewer incisions are now required for procedures such as this. But there are many other emerging applications that also use carefully manufactured magnets.

Permanent magnets, the kind that keep colourful souvenirs stuck to the door of your fridge, might seem a fairly mature, well-established technology. They've been used for centuries, after all. And yet, today, researchers and companies are expending huge efforts on making magnets more powerful and efficient than ever before.

This is because, increasingly, magnets are used in all kinds of ascendant technologies - including EV motors and wind turbines. They are, therefore, crucial for electrification. However, magnets are generally made using rare earth elements, the products of dirty mining operations. And, at present, China massively dominates global permanent magnet production, with more than 90% market share.

Many argue that we need cleaner and more widely distributed magnet manufacturing facilities. The future, they say, depends on it.

"My job is brilliant," says Matthew Swallow, technical product manager for Bunting Magnetics in the UK. "Nobody else, I don't think, gets involved in so many things."

His firm makes magnets that are used in all kinds of systems - from cochlear implants, to emergency brakes on rollercoasters, including at Alton Towers. Bunting Magnetics has even supplied magnets to Nasa.

Matthew Swallow says magnets have become much more powerful over the past 10 years

Mr Swallow says that, even during the past 10 years or so, the availability of higher grade magnets made with the rare earth element neodymium has improved. For such magnets designed to cope with temperatures up to 200C, a grade of N35 used to be the maximum. But now N52 grade versions are commercially available.

"You can literally make the magnet 60% less massive and get the same level of performance," explains Mr Swallow.

In an electric motor, a magnetic field helps an internal coil to spin. This might be used to drive an axle and turn the wheels of an electric car, for example. Higher grade magnets mean motors that run more efficiently and cars that weigh slightly less overall. The careful addition of a small amount of dysprosium, another rare earth element, is one way to improve a magnet's efficiency.

One reason why China dominates global production of these magnets is financial incentives, says Ross Embleton, senior analyst for metals & mining - rare earths at Wood Mackenzie. Rare earth permanent magnet material is subject to a 13% VAT discount on export from the country, and provincial governments give support on energy costs, for example, which also helps buoy up magnet-making facilities.

"It's a really, really challenging industry to compete in if you're outside of China," says Mr Embleton.

That hasn't stopped some from trying. US firm Niron Magnetics says it has managed to make good quality magnets without rare earths. Instead, they use iron and nitrogen to make iron nitride magnets. This relies on getting the iron nitride to take on a specific crystalline structure, which generates magnetic fields.

Chief executive Jonathan Rowntree declines to explain his company's production techniques in detail, but he says Niron has already produced working magnets. The first of these will be used in speakers.

Magnetic field strength is measured in terms of teslas, and Niron's magnets are currently at one tesla. Mr Rowntree says it should be possible to make significantly more powerful magnets, up to 2.4 teslas, with iron nitride.

Alternatively, recycling magnets would also be much better for the environment compared with making new rare earth magnets from scratch.

In the UK, the University of Birmingham has developed a method for extracting rare earth alloys from old electric motors and computer hard drives, for example.

A spin out company, HyProMag, has now successfully extracted rare earths using the technology, and aims to begin commercial production of magnets using such material later this year.

Meanwhile, US firm Noveon Magnetics says it has developed its own method for magnet recycling. When asked about the process, and the grades of magnets produced, chief commercial officer Peter Afiuny declined to go into details, except to say that a small amount of alloy is mixed with recovered material to achieve the desired result. The whole process is about 40% more efficient than traditional virgin magnet production.

It can be difficult to know the quality of an old magnet from a disused consumer electronics device, however, says Mr Embleton. And sometimes magnets are stuck into products with hard epoxy resins, making them tricky to remove.

But gradually, as early generations of EV motors and wind turbines reach the end of their lifespans in the coming years, more magnetic material is expected to become available for recycling.

"There's a bit of a delay there waiting for that material to come back again," says Mr Embleton. Companies have an opportunity to perfect their recycling processes in the meantime.

Niron's targeting of the audio speakers market is interesting, says Nicola Morley at the University of Sheffield. "It means they think they can produce them cheaply - that market has other cheap permanent magnets in it," she explains. Within the last decade, the development of magnet technology has really begun to accelerate, adds Prof Morley.

And Mr Swallow cites other emerging applications that sound quite sci-fi - including magnets mounted on satellites to scoop up space debris orbiting Earth.

Dr Kroh says he is looking forward to even more sophisticated magnets that will make other surgeries less invasive than before. Chest surgery involving the lungs, or endoscopies, for instance, could one day be performed with the help of such technology.

"It's almost limitless," he says. "This is just the beginning."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

France has seen a quieter night of protests over the death of a teenager shot by police at point-blank range, the interior minister says.

There were fewer arrests compared to previous nights - 719 - with the worst clashes in the southern city Marseille.

In the Paris suburb L'Haÿ-les-Roses, attackers rammed a car into the house of the mayor, injuring his wife as she tried to flee with their two children.

French cities have seen unrest since the police shooting of a teenager.

Nahel M, 17, was shot during a traffic stop on Tuesday. Large crowds turned out for his funeral on Saturday.

In a tweet, Interior Minister Gérald Darmanin praised law enforcement for their "resolute action" which had led to a "calmer night".

Around 45,000 police were deployed across the country for a second night on Saturday.

More than 1,300 arrests were made on Friday night and more than 900 on Thursday.

Officials hope that a turning-point may have been reached - that rioters are losing energy thanks to the security crackdown and the massive unpopularity of their exactions.

However, until more nights of quiet confirm the trend, no-one is assuming anything.

In Marseille, heavy clashes took place between police and rioters throughout Saturday evening.

In footage circulating online, police can be seen using tear gas against people in the city.

The video shows the clashes taking place on La Canebière, the main avenue in the heart of Marseille.

French media report that fighting took place between a large group of rioters and officers.

There was a heavy police presence along the iconic Champs-Élysée in Paris

In Paris, large numbers of police were seen along the iconic Champs-Élysées avenue.

There had been calls on social media for protesters to gather there but the police presence seems to have kept most of them away.

The capital's police said they made 194 arrests. The Paris region stopped all buses and trams after 21:00 for a second night running.

L'Haÿ-les-Roses Mayor Vincent Jeanbrun said his wife and one of his children had been injured when fleeing an attacker who had rammed his house with a car and then set the car on fire.

He called it "a murder attempt of unspeakable cowardice".

In the northern city of Lille, police special forces were seen on the streets. Images from the city overnight showed firefighters extinguishing blazes in cars that had been set alight by rioters.

Twenty-one people were arrested in the city of Lyon. Clashes were also reported in Nice and Strasbourg.

Nahel's funeral service was held at the mosque in Nanterre earlier on Saturday.

Supporters of the family told the news media to keep away. All filming - even on phones - was banned: "No Snapchat, no Insta," mourners were told.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Nahel was shot after refusing to stop for a traffic check and died after emergency services attended the scene. A video, shared online in the hours following Nahel's death, showed two police officers trying to stop the vehicle and one pointing his weapon at the driver.

The officer who fired the fatal shot has since been charged with voluntary homicide and apologised to the family. His lawyer said he was devastated.

Nahel's death has reignited debate around the state of French policing, including a controversial 2017 firearms law which allows officers to shoot when a driver ignores an order to stop.

More widely, it has led to questions of racism in the force. The UN's human rights office said the unrest was a chance for France "to address deep issues of racism in law enforcement".

President Emmanuel Macron condemned the violence on Friday "with the greatest firmness" and said Nahel's death had been used to justify acts of violence - calling it an "unacceptable exploitation of the adolescent's death".

This is the worst leak of US intelligence for 10 years.

Not since former National Security Agency employee Edward Snowden and former US Army soldier Chelsea Manning published classified documents has so much supposedly secret intelligence leaked into the public domain.

The damage is on several levels. Russia now knows exactly what parts of its military intelligence are being eavesdropped on by the US. It will now move swiftly to plug those gaps.

It’s also clear from the documents that Washington hasn’t just been spying on its enemies, it’s been spying on its friends too – like Ukraine, Israel and South Korea.

The scene yesterday near the front line in Bakhmut, Ukraine Image caption: The scene yesterday near the front line in Bakhmut, Ukraine

It appears that the US has been distributing highly sensitive intelligence to far too wide a circle of people.

That will make some countries think twice before they can trust America with sensitive information.

But, by far the most serious damage has been done to Ukraine.

The leaked documents reveal what weapons Ukraine still has. And the conclusion is that it’s fast running out of air defence missiles.

That tells the Kremlin that if Ukraine can’t resupply itself then it will be safe to unleash the Russian air force.

This could potentially change the entire course of the war in Moscow’s favour.

It’s worth remembering that the complainants in this case have a legal right to lifelong anonymity.

That's because they are alleged victims of a sexual offence, which means by law their names cannot be published.

We also need to ensure that the information we tell you does not lead to jigsaw identification.

That's when bits of information when pieced together can lead to someone being identified.

It means there may be some details we need to leave out from our reporting because of this.

Quinten carries EpiPens in case he goes into anaphylactic shock

Parents of a six-year-old with food allergies have said they faced an "uphill battle" to get a good selection of school meals for him.

Quinten from Powys has a severe allergy to dairy, egg, soya and nuts.

His dad Kam said he "always feels like the odd one out" with his friends as he and wife Ceri try to make progress with Powys council to avoid him having bland or repetitive meals.

The council said its menus were healthy and balanced.

Quinten is in Year 1 and is entitled to free school meals but his parents said they still faced a challenge to make sure he was happy at lunchtime.

Kam said: "I find it really perplexing because Welsh government have announced that this was a priority... yet they seem to be totally unprepared for this, which I don't quite understand.

"From the very beginning when we knew he was entitled to a meal, it started off at a very basic level in terms of what they came back with.

"Lots of roast dinners, jacket potatoes without butter or cheese or anything, bland type options and we've had to spend a lot of time working with them to say 'well no, that's not right'."

Parents Kam and Ceri say they just want Quinten to have the same choices as his friends

One lunchtime, Quinten had "a slice of turkey in some gravy" when his friends had curry.

Quinten's mother Ceri said she and Kam had been told that a "single supplier policy" meant the council could not find similar alternatives which would be safe.

"Their policy is the bit that discriminates against him... I know a lot of people think that he should be grateful to have something, but actually, most people want to be the same as everybody else."

Aisling Pigott says, while work has been done, "it's disappointing to hear that some people are not getting the full access that they need"

Aisling Pigott of the British Dietetic Association said she recognised that catering for allergies took "a lot of planning" but said a nutritious meal should be available to all children.

"I think it's all about equity and just because you've got a medical condition or an allergy it's important that you're not excluded from receiving healthy, nutritious food," she added.

Jake Berriman of Powys council said: "When we are informed that a child has a special dietary need, our school catering service will liaise with the family directly to provide a menu that will meet their need.

"These menus, which follow Welsh government guidance, are checked by dieticians to ensure that they are healthy and nutritionally balanced."

The Welsh government said it wanted its free school meals to be "as inclusive as possible" and schools were "expected to make reasonable adjustments to meet any medically prescribed dietary needs".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The bus fare arrest is a big community concern and our communication could have been better, the Met's Ch Supt Andy Brittain tells BBC London

The Met Police has referred itself to the police watchdog over the treatment of a woman arrested in front of her son in Croydon, south London, after wrongly being accused of bus fare evasion.

Footage of the mother shouting as two officers handcuffed and held her provoked criticism on social media.

The Met said she was later released when it was confirmed she had paid for her ticket.

The force added the video was a "snapshot of a wider incident".

It also told BBC London it was trying to "find the lady involved, and to get her side of the story" and that "our comms perhaps could have been slightly better".

"Trust has taken a hit," Met Ch Supt Andy Brittain, who covers Croydon, said.

The police officers were working together with Transport for London (TfL) inspectors on Whitehorse Road, Croydon, when the incident happened on Friday morning.

The police watchdog says it received a "complaint referral" from the Met on Monday afternoon, with the complaint alleging the woman was "racially profiled and verbally abused by an officer".

The Met said the woman left the bus after not complying with a revenue inspector's request to check that she had paid her fare.

According to the Met, when asked to stop by police she attempted to walk off and became "abusive".

As a result, the force said she was arrested on suspicion of fare evasion and detained.

In the video, she repeatedly asks one of the officers to let go and says "I haven't done anything wrong", while a member of the public films what is happening and asks why she is being arrested.

The woman was arrested on Whitehorse Road, Croydon

Officers did eventually check her ticket, which was valid. She was then unhandcuffed and released.

Vauxhall Labour MP Florence Eshalomi urged people to be "careful" sharing the video as the woman's son was "very traumatised by the situation", adding she and other colleagues had raised it with the mayor of London.

The Met initially said it realised it was a "distressing video to watch, even more so as a child is seen to be visibly upset by the way in which his mother has been apprehended".

"We regret the upset that has been caused to the child."

It also said the incident raised "questions about the extent to which officers are having to intervene in this way when supporting TfL in their operations".

Met Ch Supt Andy Brittain, of the South Basic Command Unit, which covers Croydon, later told BBC London: "I think the social media footage got out, which kind of only showed a small picture of what took place.

"Then our comms perhaps could have been slightly better and and then it's kind of cascaded into quite a big community concern.

"For me today, it's about listening to the community, understanding their perspective, what it looked like to them.

"And I think the big thing as well is to try and find the lady involved and to get her side of the story.

"Trust has taken a hit as a result of the video, so it's really important we understand what took place."

He added: "I'm a parent like everyone else and to see a child in that much distress is really upsetting.

"We've paused any operations of that nature to give us time to work out what happened."

The force has said officers' body worn video, which was active for a longer period than the social media clip, had been reviewed.

Despite not initially identifying any "conduct matters" the Met said it had voluntarily referred itself to the IOPC due to grave public concern.

The Independent Office of Police Conduct (IOPC) has said it will "decide if any further action is required".

TfL's head of policing and community safety Mandy McGregor said: "We are aware of this very distressing incident and the impact it has had on the community.

"We are speaking to the police to understand the wider circumstances and will support them with their investigation to get to the bottom of what happened."

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Australia's most-decorated living soldier Ben Roberts-Smith is appealing against a landmark defamation judgement which found he committed war crimes.

A judge last month ruled articles alleging the Victoria Cross recipient had murdered four Afghans were true.

It was the first time in history any court has assessed claims of war crimes by Australian forces.

Mr Roberts-Smith is not facing criminal charges and maintains his innocence. His grounds for appeal are unknown.

The former special forces corporal sued three Australian newspapers over a series of articles alleging serious misconduct while he was deployed in Afghanistan between 2009-2012 as part of a US-led military coalition.

At the time the articles were published in 2018, Mr Roberts-Smith was considered a national hero, having been awarded Australia's highest military honour for single-handedly overpowering Taliban fighters attacking his Special Air Service (SAS) platoon.

The 44-year-old claimed the papers ruined his life with their reports that he had broken the moral and legal rules of war.

His defamation case - dubbed by some "the trial of the century" - lasted 110 days and was rumoured to have cost up to A$25m ($16.3m; £13.2m).

On 1 June a Federal Court judge threw out the case against The Age, The Sydney Morning Herald, and The Canberra Times, ruling it was "substantially true" that Mr Roberts-Smith had murdered unarmed Afghan prisoners and civilians and bullied fellow soldiers.

Justice Anthony Besanko also found that Mr Roberts-Smith lied to cover up his misconduct and threatened witnesses.

Additional allegations that he had punched his lover, threatened a peer, and committed two other murders were not proven to the "balance of probabilities" standard required in civil cases.

Mr Roberts-Smith, who left the defence force in 2013, has not been charged over any of the claims in a criminal court, where there is a higher burden of proof.

None of the evidence presented in the civil defamation case against Mr Roberts-Smith can be used in any criminal proceedings, meaning investigators must gather their own independently.

But the case has raised the spectre of a possible wider reckoning over claims of war crimes by Australian forces.

In 2020, a landmark investigation known as the Brereton Report found "credible evidence" that elite Australian soldiers unlawfully killed 39 people in Afghanistan.

It recommended that 19 current or former soldiers should be investigated over alleged killings of prisoners and civilians from 2009-13.

Australian troops were deployed to Afghanistan between 2001 and 2021, as part of a US-led coalition that ousted the Taliban after the 11 September 2001 attacks in the United States. The Taliban retook control of Afghanistan in 2021.

Berlusconi was a major public figure in Italian business, broadcasting, and politics

In the labyrinthine world of Italian politics, Silvio Berlusconi was the supreme wheeler-dealer - a man who merged business and public life like no other.

His flamboyant personality struck a chord with the Italian electorate, which continued to back him despite allegations of corruption and double-dealing.

Four times he was prime minister, and each time it seemed his political career was over, he managed to confound his critics and bounce back.

Nine years after he was banned from public office for tax fraud, he was back in parliament, elected to Italy's Senate before he turned 86 in September 2022.

But it was often his private life - his fondness for surrounding himself with beautiful young women, and the ensuing sexual scandals - that made headlines around the world.

Berlusconi, who has died at the age of 86, was a media mogul, football club owner and billionaire businessman who never gave up on politics - and helped shape Italy's image for decades.

Silvio Berlusconi was born into a middle-class family in Milan on 29 September 1936 and grew up in a village outside the city during World War Two.

From his student days, he demonstrated the ability to make money. While studying law at university, he played double-bass in a student band - and developed a reputation as a singer, working in nightclubs and on cruise ships.

Berlusconi had a spell as a singer on cruise ships

His first foray into using his natural charm for business was as a vacuum cleaner salesman and in selling essays written for his fellow students.

After graduation, he started in construction with his own company, Edilnord, building an enormous apartment complex on the edge of Milan - though the source of funding for the project was something of a mystery.

In 1973, the entrepreneur launched a local cable television company called Telemilano to provide television to his properties.

Four years later, he owned two more stations and a central Milan studio. By the end of the decade, he had created a holding company, Fininvest, to manage the rapid expansion of his business holdings.

Eventually, it would own Mediaset - Italy's largest media empire and owner of the country's biggest private stations - and Italy's largest publishing house, Mondadori.

By the time of his death, he was one of Italy's richest men, with a family fortune in the billions of dollars. His children - Marina, Barbara, Pier Silvio, Eleonora and Luigi - have all taken part in the running of his business empire.

Some of that wealth would be used to indulge his personal interests - including saving his hometown football club AC Milan from bankruptcy in 1986.

The football club AC Milan was just one of his business interests

That investment would pay off three decades later in 2017, when he sold the club to Chinese investors for £628m (€740m).

He never gave up on football either, later buying Monza football club and enjoying its rise to the top flight of Serie A for the first time in its history.

Berlusconi's remarkable ability to face down the courts repeatedly - and maintain his popularity in politics - was unrivalled.

He often complained of victimisation - particularly by prosecutors in his native Milan - once claiming to have made 2,500 court appearances in 106 trials over 20 years.

Charges over the years have included embezzlement, tax fraud and false accounting, and attempting to bribe a judge. He was acquitted or had his convictions overturned on several occasions.

His controversies were highly public and formed a regular backdrop throughout his political career. It was not until February 2023 that he was finally cleared of bribing witnesses to lie about the notorious "bunga bunga" parties he had held at his villa as prime minister.

He had founded his own political party 30 years earlier in 1993 and within a year, he was catapulted to power.

Leveraging his enthusiasm for football, he named his party after a supporters' chant - Forza Italia (Go Italy). At the time, a power vacuum had emerged in the wake of a scandal affecting Italy's centre-right - and Berlusconi offered an alternative to those voters that was not leftist.

A massive advertising campaign on his own TV channels had helped propel him to victory in the 1994 election.

However, his new appetite for politics was seen as a bid to avoid being implicated in corruption charges himself, after several of his businesses were drawn into the investigation.

But he dismissed the claims. "I don't need to go into office for the power. I have houses all over the world, stupendous boats, beautiful airplanes, a beautiful wife, a beautiful family. I am making a sacrifice."

Once he was in power, Berlusconi's government passed a law that gave him, and other top public figures, immunity from prosecution while in office, but it was later thrown out by the constitutional court.

Berlusconi's first coalition lasted only a few months - partly owing to friction between the different parties in it, and partly because of Berlusconi's indictment for alleged tax fraud by a Milan court.

He lost the 1996 election to the Left - but his political career was only just beginning.

In 2001, Berlusconi was back as prime minister, at the head of a new coalition known as House of Freedoms. The main plank of his election campaign was a promise to overhaul the Italian economy, simplify the tax system and raise pensions.

But Italy's finances were suffering in a worsening global economy, and Berlusconi was unable to fulfil his pledges. He lost to the Left in 2006 - but won again in 2008.

He remained a fixture in Italian politics until 2011, which would prove among his most challenging years.

Italy's borrowing costs soared during the eurozone debt crisis. The prime minister haemorrhaged support and was forced to resign after losing his parliamentary majority.

The same year, the constitutional court struck down part of the law granting him and other senior ministers temporary immunity.

Berlusconi eventually carried out community service as part of his conviction for tax fraud

By the end of 2011, he was out of power. In October 2012, he was sentenced to four years' imprisonment for tax fraud and barred from public office. Berlusconi declared his innocence and spoke of a "judicial coup".

But by then, he was over 75 years of age and was handed community service instead. He worked four hours a week with elderly dementia patients at a Catholic care home near Milan.

He was also banned from public office - a prohibition which lasted for several years before his next comeback.

Beyond politics, Berlusconi made headlines for his private life, which was often very public.

The flamboyant prime minister did not hide his pursuit of younger women. His most recent partner, party colleague Marta Fascina, is more than 50 years his junior. He was known to use hair transplants and plastic surgery to make himself seem younger.

He met his second wife, Veronica Lario, after she performed topless in a play. She would go on to express frustration publicly with her husband's behaviour around young women on more than one occasion.

She filed for divorce after her husband was photographed at the 18th birthday party of model Noemi Letizia.

His most high-profile scandal was the alleged "bunga bunga" parties at his villa, attended by showgirls - a story which ended in a conviction for paying an underage prostitute for sex.

Amid the scandal, both Silvio Berlusconi and Karima El Mahroug denied they had sex

It eventually emerged that in 2010, Berlusconi, while prime minister, had telephoned a police station and asked for the release of 17-year-old Karima "Ruby" El Mahroug, nicknamed Ruby Heart-Stealer, who was being held for theft. She was also a reported guest of the "bunga bunga" parties.

Italian media reported that the prime minister had claimed the girl was the niece or granddaughter of the president of Egypt, and he was attempting to avoid a diplomatic incident.

Berlusconi was found guilty of paying her for sex and abusing his power in 2013 - but that ruling was overturned the following year.

For his part, Berlusconi always rejected claims he had paid any woman for sex, saying to do so was "missing the pleasure of conquest". But he also admitted he was "no saint".

Beset by national budgetary problems and embroiled in personal scandals, Berlusconi's People of Freedom party did poorly in 2011 local elections, losing Milan, his home town and power base.

But he remained popular, coming within 1% of winning the 2013 national elections. Eventually, his party split - and Berlusconi relaunched it under its original name, Forza Italia.

Between his electoral defeats and the ban on holding public office because of his criminal conviction, it might have seemed that his political career was over.

In 2019, Berlusconi ran for election himself once more - and won

Yet Forza Italia came third in the 2018 elections with Berlusconi's name attached to its branding, behind the populist, anti-establishment Five Star and Forza Italia's own right-wing electoral partner, the League.

Berlusconi promised to "loyally support" League leader Matteo Salvini's efforts to form a government - but the League chose to rule without Forza Italia.

Once again, it seemed like Berlusconi's political career might be coming to a close. But in 2018, a court ruled that he could, once again, stand for public office - declaring him "rehabilitated".

The decision came too late for the 2018 elections, but in 2019 the eternal vote-winner announced he was running for the European Parliament. As the top candidate on his party's lists, he easily won himself a European seat.

Three years later, he was back in Italy's parliament and his Forza Italia a junior party in Giorgia Meloni's right-wing coalition.

With his slicked-back dark hair and raunchy scandals, Berlusconi was instantly recognisable and cultivated a larger-than-life personality.

He also became notorious for his questionable sense of humour after a number of high-profile gaffes. On one occasion, he suggested a German MEP would have made a good concentration camp guard - and on another, claimed Mussolini was actually a benign leader.

He dismissed these statements as jokes. However, he was also a long-time friend of Vladimir Putin and blamed Ukraine for Russia's invasion when his own government was strongly behind Kyiv.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

It is probably his involvement in almost every aspect of Italian life that angered his critics most - particularly his media empire, which, many say, gave him an unfair advantage at elections.

The many Italians who voted for him felt his success as a business tycoon was evidence of his capabilities, a reason why he should run the country.

Berlusconi himself dismissed claims that mixing business and politics had been more beneficial to him personally than to Italy as a whole.

"If in taking care of everyone's interests, I also take care of my own, you can't talk about a conflict of interest," he declared.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Fawziyah Javed was pregnant when she died

A man's description of his wife as a "disease" was relevant to his state of mind moments before he allegedly murdered her, a court has heard.

Kashif Anwar, 29, from Leeds, Yorkshire, denies pushing his pregnant wife Fawziyah Javed, 31, to her death at Arthur's Seat in September 2021.

Alex Prentice KC told the High Court in Edinburgh that the only "just verdict" was to convict the accused of murder.

He highlighted evidence of what Mr Anwar allegedly said to his wife.

Mr Prentice gave his closing speech on the sixth day of proceedings against Mr Anwar after defence advocate Ian Duguid KC told judge Lord Beckett that his client would not be giving evidence.

The court previously heard as Ms Javed, from Pudsey, near Leeds, lay dying she told witnesses that her husband had pushed her.

The advocate depute said: "We heard about how if one of them died in childbirth, of how good that would be.

"We also heard of how he said she was a disease in everybody's life and of how he said to her 'the sooner you are dead or the sooner you are out of everybody's life the better.'

"I say that is relevant to his state of mind when he was on Arthur's Seat and it is relevant to Fawziyah Javed's last words as she lay there dying on the slopes of Arthur's Seat."

Mr Prentice also urged jurors to consider evidence about the couple's relationship, such as Ms Javed contacting a firm of solicitors in the months before she died to seek advice about getting a divorce.

Ms Javed's mother also gave evidence on her daughter's abuse code words.

The jury heard that if her daughter texted "I need cream cakes", she would treat it as a sign that she was in danger of being abused by Mr Anwar.

Mr Prentice said: "If you consider the evidence as a whole - not in isolation, you will be able to see that this was a controlling, abusive and increasingly volatile relationship.

"She wanted to end the relationship. He said that if she wanted to end the relationship he would ruin her."

Defence advocate Ian Duguid KC later urged jurors to acquit his client of murder.

He told them that Mr Anwar "came across as a horrible person" during the presentation of the evidence.

Mr Duguid said he could understand if the jury sympathised with Ms Javed as the evidence showed she was a "perfectly respectable woman".

However, the advocate told the jury that they had to put such feelings aside.

He added: "You have no evidence about what happened on the hill.

"You have no eyewitness telling about what happened. And yet the prosecution are telling you to find him guilty.

"You are being asked to take a massive guess. It's on the basis of a massive guess that you are being asked to convict him of murder."

Ms Javed fell from height at Arthur's Seat which resulted in her sustaining multiple blunt force injuries and being so severely injured that she died there.

It is also alleged as part of the murder charge that in consequence Mr Anwar caused the death of her unborn child.

The jury has been sent out to consider their verdict.

Water companies released raw sewage into rivers and seas in England for more than 1.75 million hours last year.

There were an average of 825 sewage spills into waterways per day, the data shows - down 19% on the previous year.

But the Environment Agency put the fall largely down to drier weather, not water company action.

Although not illegal, academics and environmental groups say releasing sewage poses a danger to human health.

Companies release sewage when there is too much demand on their treatment works during rainy periods.

Contained within the untreated effluent is human waste, wet wipes and sanitary products, which pose a serious risk to the local wildlife, swimmers and others who use UK waterways.

"This degrades precious ecosystems and poses a danger to public health," said Prof Jamie Woodward, geography professor at the University of Manchester.

"Each discharge is a toxic cocktail of many pollutants, including microplastics and pathogens."

Your device may not support this visualisation

The latest data, revealed by the Environment Agency on Friday, was taken from monitoring stations installed at combined sewer overflows or CSOs. CSOs were developed as overflow valves to reduce the risk of sewage backing up during heavy rainfall when sewer pipes become overloaded, leading to flooding.

The valves release a mixture of raw sewage from homes and businesses, and rainwater run-off.

Whilst the data shows a 34% reduction in the duration of spills since 2021, John Leyland, environment agency executive director said last year's decrease was "largely down to dry weather, not water company action".

"We want to see quicker progress from water companies on reducing spills and acting on monitoring data," he added.

According to the data, the company that released sewage most often in 2022 was United Utilities, which covers the North West of England. It spilled sewage for nearly half a million hours.

Your device may not support this visualisation

Water UK, which represents the water industry, told the BBC that this is the fourth year spill figures have come down and "companies are committed to building on this positive news".

Water Minister Rebecca Pow agreed that the level of discharges is "unacceptable" and said she wanted water companies to be held accountable.

The government has vowed to crack down on sewage spills by requiring water firms to invest £56bn over 25 years on improving their infrastructure, and to fit all storm overflows in the network with event duration monitoring (EDM) monitors by the end of this year.

But the Liberal Democrats have called on Secretary of State for the Environment Thérèse Coffey to resign over the figures.

And the Green Party agreed that water companies should be held to task more on the issue.

Green Party co-leader Adrian Ramsay said: "The situation we currently have across the country where water companies can, almost with impunity, dump sewage into our rivers, waterways and coastal waters cannot go on."

The Environment Agency and water regulator Ofwat is currently investigating six water companies for potential breach of the law over their discharges.

Jim McMahon, Labour shadow secretary for environment, called for an end to systematic discharges by 2030 and said the figures show a lack of respect from the government for the places people live.

The River Wharfe is the first river in the UK to be given bathing water status

In the town of Ilkley, in West Yorkshire, local campaigners lobbied to have a stretch of their river designated as bathing water, meaning the Environment Agency has to test and monitor the quality of the water.

But those tests have shown the bathing water quality to be poor, meaning that the Environment Agency deems it "worse than sufficient" in terms of levels of pollution.

Ilkley Clean River campaigner Di Loury told BBC News that when members of the public visit Ilkley, "because it's designated as bathing water, they think the water is clean".

"But testing is one thing, cleaning up the river is another. We really should be putting the quality of the river before the profits of water companies."

Many campaigners want to know how water companies can justify profits, while they continue to pollute UK waterways.

Nicola Shaw, who took on the role of chief executive of Yorkshire Water 10 months ago, told BBC News that her company had not paid dividends to shareholders for five years: "And I actually think that's a worry," she said.

"We need shareholders to want to put money in to support the investment that needs to happen," she added.

Additional reporting by Becky Dale, Erwan Rivault and Will Dahlgreen

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Military forces have been deployed to Cyprus to help evacuate British citizens stuck in Sudan

The UK's first evacuation flight carrying British nationals from Sudan has landed in Cyprus.

More flights are expected tonight and on Wednesday, as the military attempts to get hundreds out of the war-torn country during a 72-hour ceasefire.

The BBC has been told that 39 people were on board the first plane, with 260 in total expected to arrive tonight.

Trapped UK nationals have been told to make their own way to an airport near Khartoum, without an escort.

Families with children, the elderly and people with medical conditions are being prioritised on RAF planes leaving from an airfield near the capital Khartoum, the government said.

Among the people on board the first evacuation flight were babies and people over 70.

People landing at Larnaca International Airport in Cyprus will later be transported back to the UK.

UK ministers have come under increasing pressure to help its citizens flee the fierce fighting, but it is unclear how many will be reached.

About 4,000 UK nationals are thought to be in Sudan and 2,000 of them have already requested help, Foreign Office minister Andrew Mitchell said on Monday, but the number who arrive at the evacuation point is expected to be lower.

Hundreds of people have been airlifted from Sudan by other countries, including more than 1,000 people by European Union nations.

Germany was due to end its evacuation on Tuesday evening after airlifting around 500 people on six flights.

UK defence secretary Ben Wallace told Channel 4 news "we can take, really, who turns up at the moment" - adding "there is some risk that some of the planes are not full".

A UK source told the BBC on Tuesday afternoon that communications with nationals in Sudan were "working okay" and people were managing to get to the airbase.

Only British passport holders and their immediate family with existing UK entry clearance are eligible, the government has said.

The Foreign Office initially said people should not travel to the evacuation site until told to do so - but updated its advice on Tuesday afternoon urging people to make their own way to the Wadi Saeedna airfield to the north of Khartoum "as soon as possible".

The advice published online warned evacuees that "travel within Sudan is conducted at your own risk and plans may change depending on the security situation".

Mr Wallace told a Commons committee earlier on Tuesday that 120 British troops were involved.

He also confirmed that Royal Marines were continuing to prepare an alternative route out of Sudan via a port on the east coast, as well as making contingencies for any humanitarian response.

The BBC understands the military is working on the assumption they have a 24-hour window in which to get planes in and out of Sudan, a window Prime Minister Rishi Sunak described as "absolutely critical".

A temporary pause in the fighting which has engulfed Sudan's capital appears to be holding, although there have been reports of new gunfire and shelling, and previous agreements have broken down.

At least 459 people have been killed since clashes between rival military factions began on 15 April, but the true number is thought to be much higher.

Foreign Secretary James Cleverly said the government was not able to escort people to the airfield and British nationals would need to "make their own way there".

Later on Tuesday, he said the situation remained "dangerous, volatile and unpredictable", and that the viability of the operation depended on those involved in the fighting.

Addressing Foreign Office staff working on the evacuation, Mr Suank said a "big push" was needed to "get everyone who wants to come home home".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

One man with dual nationality said he feared he might not make it out of Sudan.

Musaab, who is waiting to be evacuated from Khartoum, told the BBC the situation was fraught with challenges.

"The one thing that I didn't like is that they're asking people to come to the airport - which is very risky because there is no law and order," he said.

Many British nationals have spent days indoors with food and drink running low and no electricity or wifi.

Several have spoken of their anger and desperation at being left behind, while other foreign nationals and UK embassy staff were flown out.

Sir Nicholas Kay, a former UK ambassador to Sudan, said the situation in Khartoum was precarious and the security situation could change rapidly because there was no trust between the two sides in the conflict.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak paid tribute to the military forces "carrying out this complex operation"

Dr Nala Hamza, whose family is trying to get out of Khartoum, said the evacuation was "good news if it came to reality".

She said her family, who live in the centre of the city, had fled their home at dawn to try to get a bus to the north of the country.

"They were hiding in a room at the back of the house away from windows because of the shooting," she told BBC Breakfast.

Dr Hamza said at least 40 out of 55 hospitals were "not functioning at all" and the system "was already struggling before the war".

There was no safe route to get any help and doctors were exhausted, she added.

Mo, from Reading, said he was "very scared" for his family, who had arrived in Khartoum the day before the violence broke out.

"They were in that area for the first five days, with no electricity, water running out, they were isolated," he said.

"Even getting to this airport that's being looked at to be evacuating Brits from, that in itself is going to be hard to get to."

Are you a British citizen in Sudan? Please share your experiences if it is safe to do so by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: The debt ceiling explained - in under 90 seconds

President Joe Biden and Republican leaders have expressed cautious optimism that a deal to raise the US debt ceiling is within reach, following emergency talks at the White House.

But House of Representatives Speaker Kevin McCarthy told reporters the two sides are still far apart.

The standoff has forced Mr Biden to cut short a foreign trip.

Without a deal, the US could enter a calamitous default on its $31.4tr (£25tr) debt as soon as 1 June.

A failure by the US government to meet its debt obligations could trigger global financial chaos.

The Democratic president said Tuesday's hour-long Oval Office meeting was "good, productive", sounding upbeat about the prospects of an agreement.

Mr McCarthy said afterwards he believed a deal was possible by the end of this week.

Asked about the risk of the US falling off a fiscal cliff, the California congressman told BBC News: "The great thing about that question is we've already taken default off the table."

He also told reporters a Biden-appointed representative would negotiate directly with his staff, which he said was a sign that "the structure of how we negotiate has improved".

A number of senior Democrats were at the talks, including Vice-President Kamala Harris, Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer and House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries.

In exchange for support for raising the debt ceiling, Republican leaders are demanding budget cuts. They also want tougher work requirements on government aid recipients.

Citing sources familiar with the talks, the Associated Press news agency reports that this idea was "resoundingly" rejected by House Democrats at another meeting earlier on Tuesday.

Mr Biden has repeatedly said that a potential debt default and budgetary issues should be separate.

The president is due to fly to the G7 summit in Japan on Wednesday. He was then expected to head to Papua New Guinea and Australia for further meetings.

But he will now return after the 19-21 May summit ends in Hiroshima to "ensure that Congress takes action" to avert a default, the White House said in a statement.

The so-called Quad meeting in Sydney has now been cancelled, and the leaders will attempt to meet on the sidelines of the G7, Australian Prime Minister Anthony Albanese said.

Reaching the debt ceiling would mean the US government is unable to borrow any more money.

This means the government would no longer be able to pay the salaries of federal and military employees. Social Security cheques - payments that millions of pensioners in the US rely on - would stop.

Every so often the US Congress votes to raise or suspend the ceiling so it can borrow more.

A default - which would be a first in US history - could shatter trust in America's political ability to pay its bills.

Experts have warned it could also see the US spiral into recession and trigger a rise in unemployment.

Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen said at an event on Tuesday that "a US default would generate an economic and financial catastrophe".

Meanwhile, White House National Security Council spokesman John Kirby said: "There's countries like Russia and China that would love nothing more than for us to default."

A deal to avoid this scenario has so far proven elusive. In April, Republicans proposed an agreement that would suspend the debt limit by $1.5tn or until 31 March, whichever comes first.

In exchange, they would maintain spending at key government agencies at 2022 levels for the next financial year and limit spending growth to 1% annually over the next 10 years.

They argued this would lead to $4.8tn in savings.

The proposal, however, would scupper several of Mr Biden's legislative priorities, including student loan forgiveness.

The last time the US was approaching a default, back in 2011, lawmakers struck a deal hours before the deadline.

That standoff led to a downgrade in the US credit rating, sent the stock market plummeting and increased the government's borrowing costs.

"Nobody should use default as a hostage," Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer said at the US Capitol on Tuesday. "The consequences would be devastating for America."

The US debt ceiling has been raised, extended or revised 78 times since 1960.

The company behind Boots the Chemist is to close 300 of its branches throughout the UK over the next 12 months.

The US-owners of the pharmacy chain said they will shut down stores in close proximity to each other as part of plans to "consolidate" the business.

The BBC understands there will be no redundancies and staff will be offered work at nearby stores.

There will be 1,900 branches left across the UK from a base of 2,200.

It is not yet known which locations will be affected.

Walgreens Boots Alliance said on Tuesday, as it delivered its quarterly results statement, that the move was part of a "transformation plan".

The company said it had seen a surge in people shopping online and choosing own-brand labels as customers looked to save money.

Retail sales went up by 13.4% in the three months to the end of May, compared with the same period last year. Its "Everyday" essentials label saw volume growth of 40%.

Earlier this year the retailer courted controversy after it changed the way its loyalty card worked by offering discounts on more of its own-brand products, but reducing the points earned per pound.

In 2020, Walgreens cut 4,000 jobs at the health and beauty chain and closed some of its shops as the Covid-19 pandemic hit sales.

The company was recently a victim of cyber-crime when it was targeted, along with a host of other organisations including the BBC and BA, in a world-wide hack.

Plant more trees - one of the report's recommendations

Government backing for new oil and coal, airport expansion plans and slow progress on heat pumps show that the UK has lost its leadership on climate issues, a government watchdog warns.

The Climate Change Committee (CCC) described government efforts to scale up climate action as "worryingly slow".

It was "markedly" less confident than a year ago that the UK would reach its targets for cutting carbon emissions.

The government said it was committed to its climate targets.

Committee chairman Lord Deben, a former Conservative environment minister, was particularly critical of the government's policy on new coal and oil projects.

The decision to approve the UK's first new deep coal mine in 30 years in Cumbria last December was "total nonsense", he told the BBC.

Lord Deben was also damning about plans for a major new oilfield off the coast of Scotland. Approval for Rosebank, which could produce an estimated 300 million barrels of oil in its lifetime, is expected soon.

"How can we ask countries in Africa not to develop oil?" Lord Deben said. "How can we ask other nations not to expand the fossil fuel production if we start doing it ourselves?"

The government proposed the first new coal mine in 30 years in Whitehaven, Cumbria

The UK has set legally binding targets to cut greenhouse gas emissions to net zero by 2050, meaning the country will no longer contribute any additional greenhouse gases to the atmosphere.

At the COP26 UN climate conference in Glasgow in 2021 then prime minister Boris Johnson vowed to cut emissions by 68% on 1990 levels by the end of the decade.

The CCC report warned "continued delays in policy development and implementation" meant reaching them was "increasingly challenging".

The Committee highlighted a "lack of urgency" across government and a "worrying hesitancy" by ministers to lead on the climate issue.

Minister of State for Energy Security and Net Zero Graham Stuart said in response to the report that the government had met all its carbon targets to date and was confident of doing so in the future.

Responding to criticism for continued support for oil and gas projects, he stressed that despite an unprecedented role for renewables, the UK would remain dependent on these sources for power generation for the foreseeable future.

"There is no button I can press tomorrow, and as we will be dependent on oil and gas for decades to come, even as we move to net zero, it makes sense that we should produce it here," he told journalists.

Regarding the new coal mine in Cumbria, he stressed that it would produce coking coal for making steel, not for energy production and that there was currently no alternative.

Rebecca Newsom, head of politics for Greenpeace UK called the report "a pitiful catalogue of Rishi Sunak's climate failures".

"This report exposes the catastrophic negligence shown by this government which has left Britain with higher bills, fewer good jobs, our energy security weakened, and the climate emergency unaddressed," said Labour's Shadow Climate and Net Zero Secretary Ed Miliband.

The chair of the COP26 summit, Alok Sharma, agreed the UK was at risk of losing what he called its "international reputation and influence on climate".

He said the country risked falling behind without a response to initiatives like the US's vast subsidies for green industries.

"Resting on our laurels is definitely not the answer industry is seeking," he said, one of the sharpest criticisms the Conservative MP has made of the government's climate policy.

More needs to be done to encourage us all to install heat pumps, insulate our homes, reduce how much meat we eat and fly less, the Committee said.

At the same time, it said, the switch to renewable power needs to be ramped up, industry needs more help to decarbonise and there needs to be a huge increase in the numbers of trees planted and the speed of peatland restoration.

The report acknowledged that glimmers of the Net Zero transition can be seen in growing sales of electric cars and the growing renewable power sector.

But it warned the government continues to rely on unproven technological solutions rather than "more straightforward" encouragement of people to reduce high-carbon activities.

The report criticised plans for new airport expansion, saying we should be encouraged to fly less

The Committee says the government should be doing more to encourage us to fly less rather than relying on the development of sustainable fuels to reduce the carbon emissions from aviation, for example.

It pointed out that lots of UK airports are planning to expand capacity despite a CCC recommendation that there should be no net airport expansion. Seven out of the 10 major UK airports have plans to expand, according to BBC research.

Lord Deben, whose second and final term as chair of the CCC ends this month, said that one of the government's biggest failures was not putting net zero at the heart of the UK's planning system.

"If you pass laws in order to do something and then don't provide the means, then you're failing," he told the BBC.

He said he was sad his final report "does not show satisfactory progress".

UK greenhouse gas emissions have fallen 46% from 1990 levels, the CCC says, largely thanks to a massive reduction in the use of coal for electricity and the growth of the renewable power sector.

Thousands of troops have been sent in to Manipur to help stop the violence

At least 30 people have been killed in ethnic clashes in the north-eastern Indian state of Manipur, officials say.

The violence began earlier this week after a rally by indigenous communities against moves to grant tribal status to the main ethnic group in the state.

Mobs attacked homes, vehicles, churches, and temples. Some reports put the death toll as high as 54.

Around 10,000 people have reportedly been displaced. Thousands of troops have been sent in to maintain order.

A curfew is in place in several districts and internet access has been suspended.

Neighbouring states have begun evacuating their students from Manipur, which is in India's northeast and close to the border with Myanmar.

The army says it is bringing the situation under control but the Hindu-nationalist BJP-led government in the state has been accused of not doing enough to prevent the violence.

Members of the Meitei community, who account for at least 50% of the state's population, have been demanding inclusion under the Scheduled Tribe category for years.

India reserves government jobs, college admissions and elected seats at all levels of government for communities under this category to rectify historical wrongs that have denied them equal opportunities.

This status would give the Meiteis access to forest lands and guarantee them a proportion of government jobs and places in educational institutions.

Other tribes are worried that they may lose control over their ancestral forest dwellings.

On Tuesday, thousands of tribal people from the hill districts of the state participated in a march called by the All Tribal Students Union of Manipur to oppose the demand.

A day later, a similar rally turned violent, sparking unrest in other districts that has since spread. Each side blames the other for the unrest.

Last updated on .From the section Swimming

Britain's three-time Olympic swimming champion Adam Peaty says he has been in a "self-destructive spiral" but hopes he is coming out the other side.

The 28-year-old pulled out of the British Championships earlier this month citing mental health issues.

He was not included in the Great Britain squad for July's World Aquatics Championships.

"I've been on a self-destructive spiral, which I don't mind saying because I'm human," he told the Times.

"I got to a point in my career where I didn't feel like myself. I didn't feel happy swimming and I didn't feel happy racing, my biggest love in the sport.

"I've had my hand hovering over a self-destruct button because if I don't get the result that I want, I self-destruct."

Peaty, who still intends to compete at next year's Olympic Games in Paris, has previously spoken about periods of depression and problems with alcohol, which he says worsened last year as he struggled with injury, motivation and the breakdown of his relationship with the mother of his young son.

He was also diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).

He added: "It's been an incredibly lonely journey. The devil on my shoulder [says], 'You're missing out on life, you're not good enough, you need a drink, you can't have what you want, you can't be happy'.

"Some days you feel good and you don't have to talk back; some days you feel horrendous, so you have to talk back and get through it."

Peaty has dominated his breaststroke events for nearly a decade, successfully defending his 100m title at the Tokyo Olympics in 2021 having earlier that year set a record for the fastest 20 times in history over the distance.

Over his career, he has also won eight World Championship gold medals, 17 golds at European Championships and four golds at the Commonwealth Games.

But he missed out on gold in the 100m event in Birmingham last year, finishing fourth behind James Wilby after sustaining a broken foot in the build-up.

Although his world record is nearly a full second quicker than anyone else has ever swum, he says that chasing that perfection is taking its toll.

"Any sane person knows that 18 years doing the same thing is pretty much crazy," he said. "Trying to find tiny margins year after year, trying to find 0.1%.

"The dedication and sacrifice - weekends and all your time are spent chasing that goal for this one opportunity of Olympic glory. Once made sense, twice was a big ask, and was bigger last time round because that extra Covid year was really hard on all of us.

"A third one? It's very bizarre that we do it, but I'm still here. The only reason that I took a step away from it for now, competitively, is because I don't know why I'm still doing it, to be honest.

"I don't know why I'm still fighting. The positive thing is that I noticed a 'why' there. I'm looking for the answer."

If you have been affected by issues raised in this article, there is information and support available on BBC Action Line.
• None 'It will be impossible to replicate it':
• None Is cooking food in an air fryer 'healthier'? Sliced Bread grills a food scientist and the BBC's Good Food Magazine to find out

CBI head Rain Newton-Smith said the result was an "important milestone"

The CBI has won a key confidence vote over its future after members overwhelmingly backed the lobby group following a series of scandals.

The CBI said that 93% of the 371 members who voted backed its plans to reform the organisation.

Rain Newton-Smith, its new director general, said the result is "a really strong mandate from our members".

However, some companies such as engineering giant Rolls-Royce said its membership remains suspended.

The CBI held the vote after the Guardian published allegations of sexual misconduct at the group, including two claims of rape which are currently being investigated by the City of London Police.

In response, the CBI set out a number of reforms and asked members to take part in a confidence vote on its future, the result of which was made public on Tuesday afternoon.

It is not clear how much of the organisation's entire membership the 371 companies and trade associations who voted represents.

The CBI says on its website that it has 700 member organisations but following the misconduct allegations, firms and associations have left the group.

Meanwhile, some companies like BT, who suspended their membership of the CBI but were eligible to vote, told the BBC they would not take part in the ballot.

The CBI has refused to say how many members it has "due to commercial reasons" but Ms Newton-Smith said the 371 who voted was a "huge proportion of our membership".

However, the BBC's business editor, Simon Jack, said it was unclear how ringing a mandate this was.

The CBI by its own admission says it will be a smaller organisation. It is too soon to say they're in the clear. This is the beginning of their mission to establish trust.

One of the CBI's core functions is to speak with the government on behalf of businesses.

The government paused any activity with the CBI following allegations of sexual misconduct at the group which were revealed in the Guardian newspaper.

Asked whether it would now re-engage with the CBI following the vote, a spokesperson for the Department of Business and Trade said: "While this is a matter for the CBI and their internal processes, we will continue to engage with businesses on a case-by-case basis and business groups where appropriate."

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak, in his former role as Chancellor, at a CBI event

Danni Hewson, head of financial analysis at AJ Bell, said the business lobby group still faced "a long and tortuous slog back from the brink", adding it would take time to rebuild confidence.

"It's bought a little of that time today but if it can't win over the government, if it can't find its way back into the room, then it has no real value."

While the CBI claims to represent 190,000 firms, not all of these are direct members - the number of which is thought to be substantially smaller.

The lobby group works with trade associations which represent thousands of firms, such as the National Farmers' Union which has 50,000 members.

At Tuesday's vote, each member had one vote each regardless of size. That means that a trade association that might represent thousands of companies had one vote.

Although the CBI has won the backing of its remaining members, a recent exodus of fee-paying companies is already affecting the organisation.

And some - like Rolls-Royce - said its membership of the CBI remains on pause.

A spokesperson said: "We will monitor the implementation of the reforms detailed in the prospectus. In the meantime, our membership remains suspended."

The Recruitment and Employment Confederation (REC) said that while it voted on Tuesday to back the CBI, its membership also remained suspended.

REC chief executive Neil Carberry, said: "We hope the CBI succeeds in its change programme which must be transparent, and effectively deal with both supporting the victims of what happened and ensuring that doesn't happen again.

"Ultimately the CBI has to create a safe environment for all CBI staff to work especially for female colleagues."

The CBI recently said it would have to make job cuts in order to slash its wage bill by a third. In its most recent public accounts, for 2021, the CBI reported income of £25m, of which £22m came from membership fees.

That is expected to fall for the current financial year following the number of companies who have quit the lobby group or let their memberships lapse.

Ms Newton-Smith told the BBC: "We know we're going to come out of this a smaller organisation but [the vote] also gives us a really clear mandate to get out there and get new members to join our organisation. I want to work on all those members who maybe have left.

"We are proud of that conversation [that] now we have got a strong mandate from existing members and we're going to come out and focus on the really important issues of the day."

The CBI employs about 250 people in the UK and has offices overseas.

Mustafa Suleyman co-founder of DeepMind and founder of Inflection AI

The co-founder of leading AI firm DeepMind, which started as a UK company and was sold to Google, says the UK should encourage more risk taking if it wants to become an AI superpower.

Mustafa Suleyman added that he does not regret selling DeepMind to the US giant in 2014.

"The US market is not only huge, but also more predisposed to taking big shots," he told the BBC.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak wants the UK to be a global hub for AI.

He has pledged £1bn in funding over the next 10 years, and founded a UK taskforce with a remit of maximising the benefits of the tech while keeping it safe.

This week BBC News is focusing on AI, how the technology affects our lives and what impacts it may have in the near future.

Mr Suleyman said the UK had "every chance" of becoming an AI superpower and praised its research facilities, but added there were not the same opportunities for businesses to grow as there are in the US.

"I think the culture shift that it needs to make is to be more encouraging of large scale investments, more encouraging of risk taking, and more tolerant and more celebratory of failures," he said.

"The truth is, the US market is not only huge, but also more predisposed to big risk taking, taking big shots and having big funding rounds."

Mr Suleyman has chosen to base his new company, Inflection AI, in Palo Alto, California, which is also home to the headquarters of Google, Facebook and Tesla.

Palo Alto in Silicon Valley, California where Mr Suleyman has chosen to base his new company, Inflection AI

DeepMind is often held up as one of the most successful AI companies to be grown in the UK.

It was sold to Google in 2014, for a reported $400m. The price paid was not made public.

DeepMind is developing a program called AlphaFold, which has the potential to advance the discovery of new medicines by predicting the structure of almost every protein in the human body.

An earlier DeepMind product called AlphaGo beat the top human player of the Chinese strategy game Go, Lee Se-dol, 4-1 in a tournament held in 2016.

He later retired from the game, saying "there is an entity that cannot be defeated".

It was considered at the time to be a major breakthrough for artificial intelligence.

Mustafa Suleyman's views represent one of the challenges facing Ian Hogarth, a British entrepreneur and investor who has been appointed to lead the UK's AI taskforce.

He took up the position five weeks ago.

In his first interview since getting the job, Mr Hogarth told the BBC that while the UK was a good place for start-ups, it should also be easier for them to grow.

"We've had some great [tech] companies and some of them got bought early, you know - Skype got bought by eBay, DeepMind got bought by Google.

"I think really our ecosystem needs to rise to the next level of the challenge."

This week BBC News is focussing on AI, how the technology affects our lives and what impacts it may have in the near future.

It's a view I hear often from small tech firms - they aim to be bought up by a US tech giant, rather than become a giant themselves.

Emma McClenaghan and her partner Matt run an award-winning AI start-up in Northern Ireland but they struggle to access the infrastructure they need to advance their product.

The week Emma contacted me, she said Twitter owner Elon Musk had purchased 10,000 specialised chips called GPUs, needed to build and train AI tools - and she had been waiting five months for a grant to buy one.

"That's the difference between us and them because it's going to take us, you know, four to seven days to train a model and if he's [able to] do it in minutes, then you know, we're never going to catch up," she said.

Ian Hogarth thinks perhaps a future solution is for countries, rather than companies, to own this infrastructure.

"It is going to be a fundamental building block for the next generation of innovation," he said.

Olivia was shot when a gunman burst into her house and opened fire

A jury has retired to consider its verdict in the trial of a man accused of murdering Olivia Pratt-Korbel.

Thomas Cashman is accused of shooting the nine-year-old girl and injuring her mother Cheryl Korbel, 46, after chasing a man into their Liverpool home at about 22:00 BST on 22 August.

The 34-year-old, who is on trial at Manchester Crown Court, has denied being the gunman.

He has pleaded not guilty to murder, attempted murder, and other offences.

The jury was sent out to consider its verdicts shortly before midday, three-and-a-half weeks after the trial began.

The prosecution allege the defendant shot convicted drug dealer Joseph Nee in the street, before his victim fled into Ms Korbel's home as she tried to block him from entering her house in the Dovecot area of the city.

Jurors were told Mr Cashman fired again, with the bullet travelling through Ms Korbel's hand before hitting and killing Olivia, who was standing behind her.

The court has heard Mr Cashman was a "high-level" cannabis dealer in the area, but he denied "scoping out" Mr Nee on the day of the killing.

He told the jury that at the time of the shooting he was at a friend's house counting £10,000 in cash and smoking a spliff.

Thomas Cashman has been on trial at Manchester Crown Court

A woman who he had a fling with told the court he came to her house after the shooting and changed his clothes, before she heard him say he had "done Joey".

But Mr Cashman said the witness was lying because she was a "woman scorned".

During his closing arguments, his barrister said Mr Cashman was "probably one of the most hated people in the country" but he was not guilty.

Mr Cashman, of Grenadier Drive, West Derby, has denied the murder of Olivia, the attempted murder of Mr Nee, wounding Ms Korbel with intent, and two counts of possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life.

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

US prosecutors have charged a man with stealing the famous red slippers worn by Judy Garland's character Dorothy in the 1939 film The Wizard of Oz.

The valuable shoes were found in an FBI operation in 2018 - after being taken from a museum in August 2005 - but no arrests were made at the time.

On Tuesday, federal prosecutors charged Minnesota man Terry Martin, 76, with theft of a major artwork.

The recovered slippers are one of four pairs in existence.

The shoes were taken from the Judy Garland Museum in Grand Rapids, Minnesota, by a thief who had smashed through a window in the building's back door to get inside. No fingerprints were left behind and no alarm went off, according to CBS News, the BBC's US partner.

They were found in a sting operation launched by the FBI's art crime team. The case is being handled by federal prosecutors in North Dakota and the FBI's Minneapolis Division.

The red shoes are central to The Wizard of Oz. When Dorothy clicks the heels of the shoes together and says "there's no place like home" she is transported back to Kansas.

Charging documents released on Tuesday contained no information about what led to Mr Martin's arrest. On Wednesday, he told a reporter for the Minneapolis Star Tribune: "I gotta go on trial. I don't want to talk to you."

The newspaper notes that Mr Martin lives about 12 miles (19km) from the museum, which is located at the childhood home of Judy Garland.

Museum executive director Janie Heitz said she does not think the suspect was ever an employee of the museum.

The treasured items of Hollywood memorabilia have been valued at $3.5m (£2.8m), said the US Attorney's Office for the District of North Dakota, adding that they were insured for $1m when they were stolen nearly 18 years ago.

Another pair of the red sequined slippers are at the Smithsonian Institution in Washington DC and another pair was acquired in 2012 by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.

The stolen slippers are still in the custody of the FBI.

"Until the court cases are done, nothing can be done with them," the museum wrote on Facebook.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Drone footage captures munchkin village created for film version of Wicked, set in the Land of Oz

Some students in Wales will either be unable to graduate on time, or have to do some without their final marks

Some students in Wales will not graduate on time or with their final grades due to a marking boycott.

Cardiff University confirmed some would graduate with an unclassified degree while Swansea University said up to 70 would have their graduations delayed.

The University and College Union boycott is part of a pay dispute.

On Wednesday, the new student union president at Cardiff University launched a petition calling for an end to the dispute.

Meanwhile, Swansea University said a "small group" - less than 70 students out of a total of 2,500 - would be unable to graduate on time as a result of the marking and assessment delays.

A spokesperson said: "We are working diligently to ensure that award outcomes are promptly confirmed for all students. We encourage our students to reach out to their faculties should they have any queries or concerns."

In a joint statement with her fellow sabbatical officers, new students' union president at Cardiff University Angie Flores Acuña said the graduation disruption marked "another failure for students".

The petition said the support of students for those striking had been "loud and clear", adding: "Cardiff University has the power to call for an end to this dispute by publicly supporting the reopening of negotiations."By standing back and doing nothing, Cardiff University is failing students who are finishing with provisional/no degrees despite having worked so hard throughout this unprecedented period."

A Cardiff University spokesman said: "The majority of our students will receive their marks, in full, and will not be affected"

The petition calls on the university to reimburse tuition fees of those affected, retract pay deduction threats and engage in "meaningful negotiations" with striking staff.

A Cardiff University spokesman confirmed some students would receive an unclassified degree "for the time being", and the university was "currently unable to provide an outcome" for some other degrees.

The university said it was "painfully aware that those students who are affected are feeling deeply disappointed, worried and anxious" and also confirmed it was aware of the petition started by the Cardiff students' union president.

"It is important to stress that this is a national dispute over levels of pay and working conditions. The University therefore cannot solve these issues independently," it said.

"We reject in the strongest possible terms any suggestion that we are standing back and doing nothing. The Vice-Chancellor has met with local representatives and we continue to keep communication channels open with Cardiff UCU and find there are many points of agreement between us.

"This type of language only serves to undermine the efforts of staff who have been doing everything possible, under extreme pressure and time constraints, to support those students most severely impacted."

The spokesman said graduation ceremonies will be going ahead later in July but students could postpone until 2024 if they wished.

Aberystwyth University said all students eligible to graduate would do so, 99.8% with their definitive degree marks.

The "remaining students" would be getting an honours degree, with the mark subject to be revised upwards at a later date.

Many students have supported the strikes, leading to calls for the universities to act to resolve the dispute

The University of South Wales said: "We are sincerely sorry that a small proportion of results have been affected by the marking and assessment boycott. We have contacted those students who have been affected.

"We are working hard to process and provide results as soon as possible whilst ensuring high academic standards are maintained. All final-year students will have received their initial results within the next couple of days."

Graduating students at Cardiff Metropolitan University, University of Wales Trinity Saint David, Wrexham Glyndwr University and Bangor University will all receive their final marks and graduate as planned, the universities confirmed.

The action by UCU union members follows a UK-wide dispute over pay and conditions and affects 140 institutions.

It began on 20 April and the union said it would continue until employers made an improved offer on pay and conditions.

The impounded cars have been transferred to a charity delivering donated vehicles to Ukraine

Cars confiscated from drunk drivers in Latvia are being sent to Ukraine, under a new scheme designed to help the war effort there.

Eight seized vehicles left a car pound in the capital, Riga, on Wednesday and are due to cross the border soon.

It is the first convoy to be sent under the plan, approved by the Latvian parliament last month.

MPs agreed to allow the transfer of state-owned cars to the Ukrainian military and hospitals.

Late last year, Latvia changed the law so that drivers found with three times the legal limit could have their vehicles seized and sold by the government.

Latvia has among the worst rates of drinking and driving in Europe, according to public broadcaster LSM, with an estimated 3,500 cases a year.

The change in the law led to a surge in confiscations that filled state pounds in Latvia in a matter of weeks.

As a result, authorities pledged to hand over two dozen cars a week to Twitter Convoy, a Latvian charity that sends donated vehicles to Ukraine.

"No-one expected that people are drunk-driving so many vehicles," the NGO's founder, Reinis Poznaks, told Reuters news agency. "They can't sell them as fast as people are drinking. So that's why I came with the idea - send them to Ukraine."

The first eight cars had a combined value of about €18,500 (£16,500), according to Latvian website Delfi. One owner had left a Russian flag pinned on his seized vehicle, Reuters reported.

About a quarter of Latvia's population are ethnic Russians and Latvia moved fast after the Russian invasion of Ukraine to ban dozens of websites assessed as disseminating Kremlin propaganda.

Vladimir Putin has repeatedly sought to justify the war in Ukraine as providing protection for Russian-speakers with the Kremlin's protection.

The attack happened at the Cantinho Bom Pastor kindergarten in Blumenau

At least four young children have been killed by a man wielding a hatchet in a kindergarten in the city of Blumenau in southern Brazil, local officials say.

Another four children were injured by the 25-year-old man who entered the creche at around 09:00 local time (12:00 GMT) on Wednesday.

At least one of them is reportedly in a serious condition.

Police told local media that the attacker had surrendered and was in police custody.

In a statement, military police said that the assailant had handed himself in at one of their stations in the town.

Firefighters said three boys and a girl were killed in the playground. They are thought to have been between four and seven years old.

In total, around 40 children had been inside the Cantinho Bom Pastor nursery - which translates as Good Shepherd - at the time of the attack.

They added that the assailant had jumped over a wall in order to gain entrance to the privately run kindergarten and had apparently targeted the victims at random.

A teacher, Simone Aparecida Camargo, said it was "a scene that you'd never imagine you'd see in your life".

"A colleague came running saying 'close the door, close the window, because someone is breaking into the building. At first we thought it was a robbery because he tried to break in, so I locked the babies in the bathroom, then someone came to the door saying 'he's come to kill'."

She said the entire preschool class had been in the playground.

Ms Camargo added that as well as a hatchet, the man also carried other weapons, although she did not specify what these were.

Parents ran to the kindergarten as news of the incident spread.

City officials have suspended classes in Blumenau until at least tomorrow.

The governor of Santa Catarina state - where Blumenau is located - has declared three days of mourning.

It is not the first time a kindergarten in the state has been the target of an attack. In 2021, an 18-year-old man killed two staff members and three toddlers in a creche in the municipality of Saudades.

The incident also comes just 10 days after a teenager stabbed a teacher to death and injured another four people at a school in São Paulo.

President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva tweeted that "there is no greater pain than that of a family that loses its children or grandchildren, even more so when it's through an act of violence against innocent children who can't defend themselves".

The city has about 360,000 inhabitants and is a popular destination with visitors exploring the German heritage of the region.

Have you been affected by the issues in this story? If so share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.
• None Five killed in machete attack at Brazilian nursery

Carl O'Keeffe died in hospital days after being injured inside the indoor cave experience in Keswick

A man has died a week after getting stuck inside an indoor caving experience at a Lake District climbing centre.

Carl O'Keeffe was trapped in the narrow tunnel at Kong Adventure in Keswick for hours and was only freed with the help of specialist cave rescuers.

The 49-year-old from Lancaster was seriously injured and died on Sunday in Cumberland Infirmary, Carlisle.

His sister Olivia Short said the family were "broken hearted".

The Keswick Mountain Rescue Team fought to free Mr O'Keeffe at the venue on 22 April, along with fire crews, police and ambulance, after staff at the centre were unable to.

"While the emergency services were deciding on evacuation plans, the climbing wall staff, assisted by visiting climbers, started dismantling sections of the wall to aid access to tunnels hidden behind the climbing wall panels," the team said at the time.

A spokesperson for the mountain rescue team said there had been "growing concern" for Mr O'Keeffe's health because of the time he had spent trapped, static and in a confined space.

Mr O'Keeffe had been with a small group when he became stuck last month

Once freed, Mr O'Keeffe was taken to Cumberland Infirmary in Carlisle but died from his injuries on Sunday.

In a tribute posted on Facebook, his sister Ms Short said she "loved him dearly".

"He was my baby brother and over the last few years became my best friend," she wrote.

"I also got to spend alternate weekends with him and his children.

"I'm broken hearted, as are the rest of our family."

Emergency teams were called to Kong Adventure centre in Keswick on 22 April

On its website Kong Adventure says it has a 70m-long caving network at its site in the centre of Keswick.

In a statement the venue said staff had tried to help Mr O'Keeffe and "followed all emergency procedures but it became apparent that outside assistance was needed".

It added: "Fire crew, mountain rescue, cave rescue, paramedics and Kong staff then worked to extricate the casualty who was taken to Carlisle hospital for further treatment."

Keswick MRT said there had been a "significant effort" by rescuers, including the fire and rescue service with specialist cutting equipment, climbing wall staff and Cumbria Ore Mines Rescue Unit.

Cumbria Police is investigating Mr O'Keeffe's death on behalf of the coroner.

Cumberland Council, which is the regulating body for the centre, said it was also looking into what had happened.

Follow BBC North East & Cumbria on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Send your story ideas to northeastandcumbria@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Crews were sent to tackle the flames on the hottest day of the year for Scotland

Firefighters are tackling a wildfire which broke out south of Inverness.

Crews and six fire engines were sent to the Daviot area, near the Auchnahillin Holiday Park, at about 14:45 on Saturday.

The blaze is about 30 miles (48km) from Cannich - the site of another recent wildfire, thought to be the largest recorded in the UK.

It comes on the hottest day of the year for Scotland, after 29.8°C was recorded in Auchincruive, Ayrshire.

The SFRS had warned of a "very high" risk of wildfire this weekend.

A spokesperson told BBC Scotland that information about the latest blaze was limited as the incident was ongoing.

Six fire appliances were at the scene on Saturday evening

Local residents have been advised to keep windows and doors closed due to smoke.

Anita Gibson is the owner of the nearby Auchnahillin Holiday Park.

"There's a fire up on the hill across the road," she said. "We've been told we don't have to evacuate or anything. But the fire in Cannich was on our minds.

"We are just waiting to hear if we have to do anything, but we are not panicking yet."

Smoke from the blaze has affected the area stretching for several miles.

Smoke from the hill fire could be seen from all around the area

A spokesperson for the Meallmore care home in Inverness - about seven miles (11km) from the caravan park - said they had not been evacuated, but were "monitoring the situation closely and following advice".

The SFRS alert for wildfire risk covers most of Scotland. Parts of the Highlands, Dumfries and Galloway and the Borders were expected to reach "extreme" risk.

The blaze at Cannich burned for two weeks, causing extensive damage to an RSPB Scotland nature reserve.

Police Scotland said: "Emergency services are currently in attendance at a wildfire in the Daviot area south of Inverness.

"The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service are currently dealing with the fire and we would ask local residents to keep windows and doors closed due to smoke."

The body of a teenage boy has been found in the River Eden in Carlisle and another teenager is in critical condition, police have said.

A 14-year-old was airlifted to hospital after four teenagers got into difficulty on Friday.

Emergency services had been searching for a 15-year-old boy who was missing.

No formal identification has been confirmed, but the family have been informed, Cumbria Police said.

Two other teenagers had to be checked over by medical professionals.

One was able to swim to safety and another was rescued by a member of the public.

Police said a body had been located in the River Eden shortly after 13:30 BST.

The "extensive search" was supported by a number of search and rescue teams.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

NBCUniversal chief executive Jeff Shell has left the US media and entertainment giant following an allegation against him of sexual harassment, its parent company has said.

His departure comes after an outside firm conducted an investigation over a complaint about Mr Shell's conduct.

The network's parent company Comcast initially said he was let go over an "inappropriate relationship".

The executive has apologised following his removal.

"I had an inappropriate relationship with a woman in the company, which I deeply regret," Mr Shell said in a statement.

"I'm truly sorry I let my Comcast and NBCUniversal colleagues down."

Comcast has not yet said who will be the new NBCUniversal boss.

The parent company said in a statement on Sunday that it had "mutually agreed that Mr Shell will depart effective immediately" following the investigation into his alleged conduct.

The probe was led by outside counsel, Comcast said, and was launched after a harassment complaint was filed against Mr Shell by an employee for a Comcast-owned channel.

"The investigation into Mr Shell arose from a complaint by my client of sexual harassment and sex discrimination," Suzanne McKie, a London-based lawyer for the staff member, told the Wall Street Journal. The BBC is not naming the accuser to protect her privacy.

In a regulatory filing on Monday, Comcast said the probe had uncovered evidence of sexual harassment.

NBCUniversal's senior executives will report directly to Comcast president Mike Cavanagh until a successor for Mr Shell is found.

"We built this company on a culture of integrity. Nothing is more important than how we treat each other," Mr Cavanagh and Comcast chief executive Brian Roberts said in a company-wide email seen by the BBC.

"When our principles and policies are violated, we will always move quickly to take appropriate action, as we have done here," they added.

The company is home to NBC, which is one of America's biggest television networks, business news channel CNBC, and major Hollywood film studio Universal Pictures.

Mr Shell, who is married, has been at the company for almost two decades and took over as NBCUniversal chief executive in January 2020 - months later, much of the world shut down amid the coronavirus pandemic.

Lockdowns forced the closure of theme parks and cinemas, while film and television productions were halted.

During his tenure, he launched a shakeup of the company, with the aim to make its streaming business and traditional TV operations work more closely together.

As well as owning NBCUniversal, Comcast's operations also include Europe's largest pay-TV broadcaster Sky Group.

It’s been a long evening. The repeated roll-calls of senators, to go through amendments, has given the impression of a slow pace.

But of course this legislation’s actually been expedited through the Senate due to Monday’s deadline.

That’s when the US Treasury says the country could run out of money to pay all its bills.

So this is, in relative terms, speedy stuff.

But watching these apparently calm proceedings unfold is somewhat at odds with the frantic political drama that’s played out in recent weeks.

It did seem, at points, as though a deal could prove elusive between senior Republicans and the White House.

But, as is often the way with political deals, an 11th-hour agreement was struck.

The Duchess of York is recuperating with family after having a single mastectomy following a diagnosis for breast cancer.

Sarah Ferguson, 63, who was formerly married to Prince Andrew, was given the news after a routine mammogram screening.

Her spokesman said: "She was advised she needed to undergo surgery which has taken place successfully."

Her doctors have told her that the prognosis is good, he added.

The spokesman said she was "receiving the best medical care and... is now recuperating with her family".

She underwent the procedure earlier this week at King Edward VII hospital, a private clinic in central London which previously treated the late Queen Elizabeth II and other senior royals.

The duchess is said to have returned home to Windsor this weekend, where she is now recovering.

She revealed details of the procedure in an interview for her new podcast, Tea Talk, recorded ahead of the operation.

Sarah discussed her recent diagnosis, urging others to take advantage of cancer screening programmes.

"I want every single person that is listening to this podcast to go and get checked," she said.

"I'm taking this as a real gift to me to change my life, to nurture myself," said the duchess, adding she would "stop trying to fix everyone else" and start "taking myself seriously".

"Now is my chance," she said. "This extraordinary position I'm in right now - it means there's no choice.

"I can't make another excuse. I have to go through this operation and I have to be well and strong. And therefore no choice is the best choice."

In a statement, her spokesman expressed the duchess's "immense gratitude to all the medical staff who have supported her in recent days".

She had been "symptom free" before the screening and the statement said she "believes her experience underlines the importance of regular screening".

The duchess and Prince Andrew were divorced in 1996 after 10 years of marriage, but remain close.

They continue to live together at Royal Lodge, a property owned by the Crown Estate at Windsor Great Park.

They have two daughters - Princess Beatrice, 34, and Princess Eugenie, 33 - and three grandchildren.

The duchess has had something of a revitalised career, reinventing herself as a successful author and now podcast host, and cheerfully riding out such disappointments as not being invited to the Coronation.

Her style has become relaxed and approachable, chatting to fans recently at the London Book Fair and posing for selfies.

The Tea Talks podcast, which has been running for several weeks, is an often self-deprecating look at life, with a recent episode talking about her friendship with Princess Diana, and the loneliness and sense of being ostracised that they both felt.

She said Diana had told her: "I know what it's like to be left in the corner of a room."

And the duchess said in the podcast: "I know that feeling too, when people don't wish to talk to you because 'Bad Fergie' sells papers. They've already judged you and you're left alone."

The Duchess and Duke of York - pictured in 2019 - are no longer married but remain close

The majority of women whose breast cancer is detected early now beat the disease because of progress in treatments, analysis by the British Medical Journal found earlier this year.

Surgery cures most breast cancers, while chemotherapy, radiotherapy and endocrine therapy can reduce the long-term risk of dying in cases where some disease remains.

If you are affected by any of the issues raised in this story, support and advice is available via the BBC Action Line.

No-one has been convicted of Daniel Morgan's murder

The family of murdered private detective Daniel Morgan has reached a settlement with the Met Police, 36 years after his murder.

Mr Morgan, 37, was found with an axe in his head in the car park of a pub in Sydenham, south-east London in 1987.

The Metropolitan Police has admitted liability for its errors and corruption and is paying undisclosed damages.

No-one has been convicted over the killing, which has led to five inquiries at a cost of some £40m.

Mr Morgan's family believes he was about to expose police corruption when he was silenced.

Commissioner Sir Mark Rowley apologised and admitted liability, saying the case had been "marred by a cycle of corruption, professional incompetence and defensiveness that has repeated itself over and over again".

He added Mr Morgan's loved ones had been "repeatedly and inexcusably let down" by the force since the beginning.

They were given "empty promises and false hope" as five investigations failed and as the force "prioritised its reputation at the expense of transparency and effectiveness," Sir Mark said.

An independent panel found in 2021 that the Met repeatedly covered up its failings to protect its reputation and was "institutionally corrupt".

The panel, led by Baroness O'Loan, said it was unlikely anyone would be brought to justice.

Sir Mark Rowley was appointed as commissioner of the Metropolitan Police last year

The commissioner's statement on the settlement said that "no words can do justice to the pain and suffering that has been a feature of the family's lives for more than three decades, as they have fought for justice".

"Their tenacious campaigning has exposed multiple and systemic failings in this organisation.

"I have met with the family and listened to vivid and moving accounts of the devastating impact those failings have had on their lives.

"They have explained how their trust in policing has been eroded. The personal commitment I made to tackling corruption in this organisation when I took over as commissioner has never been stronger."

Daniel Morgan's family have been fighting for justice for more than three decades

His body was found by a BBC sound producer in the car park of the Golden Lion pub in Sydenham, where he had met for a drink with his business partner, Jonathan Rees, on 10 March 1987.

He was lying face up with an axe embedded in his head. Although a watch had been stolen, his wallet had been left and a large sum of money was still in his jacket pocket.

The pocket of his trousers had been torn open and notes he had earlier been seen writing were missing.

After his death, his business partner at Southern Investigations and local police officer, Sidney Fillery, went on to to reposition the firm, selling police information to Rupert Murdoch's News of the World and to the Mirror Group's titles.

Mr Morgan's family believes he was gathering evidence to expose corruption in the Met Police.

Between 1987 and 2011, the Met and other forces arrested 67 people in connection with the murder. Eight of those arrested had been police officers.

Speaking to BBC Radio 4's Today programme, the family's lawyer Raju Bhatt said the nine commissioners in office since the murder had come to represent "consistent failure of courage and integrity".

He added: "A perceived need to protect the organisation from reputational damage has served only to nurture and encourage a culture of impunity.

"Whether or how Sir Mark and his senior leadership choose to face up to that sickness and translate the words of his apology into reality is his challenge.

"What the Met owes this family is a bit of gratitude for exposing a culture of impunity."

The family and the police said the "mutually satisfactory" terms of the agreement would remain confidential.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

M23 rebels say they are withdrawing from several captured villages

Angola says it will send a military unit to eastern Democratic Republic of Congo, days after a truce it brokered failed to end fighting.

Both sides in the conflict - the M23 rebels and government troops - have accused each other of breaking the ceasefire that began on Tuesday.

An East African force was also recently deployed to the area, which is rich in minerals and has dozens of militias.

The UN says the conflict forced 300,000 people from their homes last month.

This happened in North-Kivu province, which borders Rwanda and Uganda, and is a fertile and mountainous area long plundered by rival groups.

There is increasing concern about the humanitarian crisis caused by the fighting, which was still ongoing on Friday.

The European Union has just started an operation to fly in aid to the regional capital, Goma, saying humanitarian agencies have become overwhelmed.

A statement from the Angolan president's office said the soldiers would be deployed to help secure areas that have been held by the M23 rebel group and to protect ceasefire monitors.

Kenyan soldiers, who are part of the East African Community Regional Force, have deployed to these areas too.

The rebels, who are widely reported to be backed by Rwanda, had just hours earlier said they would withdraw from several captured villages.

The Congolese government will welcome the arrival of Angolan troops to help in the fight against the rebels.

But there is a danger of this becoming a wider international conflict.

More than 20 years ago the armies of at least eight African countries fought a war in eastern DR Congo, dubbed "Africa's world war", that caused immense suffering for the civilian population.

Rwanda has for many years criticised the Congolese authorities for failing to disarm Hutu rebels - some of whom are linked to the Rwandan genocide in 1994.

It denies backing the M23, which has captured vast swathes of territory over the past year and has been advancing towards Goma.

A decade ago, M23 fighters also captured large parts of North Kivu - but were eventually routed by UN and regional troops and as part of a peace deal disarmed.

Largely made up of Congolese army deserters, they first took up arms in 2009 accusing the government of marginalising the country's ethnic Tutsi minority and failing to honour previous peace accords.

The Prince and Princess of Wales visited St Thomas Church in 2022

The Prince and Princess of Wales have offered to help replace items stolen from a food bank.

St Thomas Church in Swansea had food, drink, baby toys and even bikes stolen on Saturday evening.

The Reverend Steve Bunting said he received the unexpected call from Kensington Palace on Wednesday.

"They were keen to make sure we could replace the items taken from the food bank," he said.

"I've no idea how they got wind of the story, but I got a phone call early today expressing that the Prince and Princess of Wales were concerned about what happened."

The royal couple visited the church in 2022 in their first visit to Wales since they were given the Prince and Princess of Wales titles.

While at the church the prince revealed for the first time that he had begun learning Welsh, like his father had before him.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The Prince and Princess of Wales visited St Thomas Church last year

"I couldn't really believe it to be honest," added Mr Bunting.

"It's been a crazy 48 hours and we have been overwhelmed by kindness, from people dropping in £5 to the phone call this morning.

"They all wanted to do something about it and it's testament to the people of this area and city."

Following the royal visit in September Mr Bunting was not surprised that the prince and princess wanted to help, describing them as "a part of our team here, although a very distant part".

The Reverend Steve Bunting says he is not surprised the Prince and Princess were willing to help

Mr Bunting and the team at the church are also extending the hand of forgiveness to the thieves responsible.

"There are always people who react to these type of incidents either by saying we should lock them up or by saying these people must be desperate.

"I am of the last type and we would like to help change people's lives and this is why we are running a food bank and we would like to be part of the redemption of these people."

Howell Williams smashed the glass above the classroom door which allowed pupils to escape

A teacher who smashed a window to help his students to safety during the 1966 Aberfan disaster has died aged 82.

Howell Williams, from Treharris, was just 25 when the colliery spoil tip collapsed, engulfing Pantglas Primary School on 21 October.

Mr Williams' son, Jonathan Williams, 53, said "he was a lovely man" but had "struggled" after the disaster.

Howell Williams died at the Royal Glamorgan Hospital, Llantrisant, Rhondda Cynon Taf, on 29 March.

Jonathan Williams, who now lives in Radyr, Cardiff, said: "I think it changed him, I think he was a different man after 25 to how he was before.

"If it happened in the modern era, it would have been very different. There was no counselling then."

The newly qualified PE teacher helped many children escape by smashing a classroom window.

Mr Williams was one of four teachers who survived the disaster, along with Mair Morgan, Hettie Williams and Rennie Williams

In the BBC programme Surviving Aberfan, survivor Bernard Thomas recounted how his life was saved by Mr Williams.

"My memory is of the other kids screaming," he had said.

"I looked around and I saw my teacher and I thought 'I'll get across to Mr Williams now' and he helped me out through the small panes of glass at the top of the classroom door."

Another Aberfan survivor, Gareth Jones, added: "The other teachers who survived - Hettie, Rennie and Mair - would sometimes see us upset and they would get sad too and give us a cwtch.

"Howell was different. He'd make you smile, say something funny, and that really helped too.

"He'd been through trauma like us kids, probably worse because he saw stuff he didn't tell us about. But his help and support was invaluable."

Aberfan survivor Gareth Jones says teacher Howell Williams was 'a gent' who made pupils smile

Pupil Dilys Pope, who was 10 at the time of the disaster, previously told the South Wales Argus: "My leg got caught in a desk and I could not move and my arm was hurting.

"The children were lying all over the place. The teacher, Mr Williams, was also on the floor. He managed to free himself and he smashed the window in the door with a stone."I climbed out and went round through the hall and then out through the window. I opened the classroom window and some of the children came out that way. The teacher got some of the children out and he told us to go home."

In 1997, Queen Elizabeth visited the village to help plant a flowering cherry tree in the garden of remembrance 30 years after the disaster.

At the time, Mr Williams spoke to BBC Wales Today's Melanie Doel.

He said: "I wasn't looking forward to today one little bit, I don't think anybody was, but now we've all met, I don't think there's been a tear, it's been quite a pleasant occasion. "

Blade Runner 2099 is a TV series based on the iconic series of films, which began with 1982's Blade Runner starring Harrison Ford

The filming of the major TV series Blade Runner 2099 in Belfast has been delayed.

BBC News NI understands a strike by Hollywood TV and film writers is one of the factors behind the postponement, with filming unlikely to resume before spring 2024.

The series, based on the iconic Blade Runner films, is due to be shot at Belfast Harbour Studios.

Northern Ireland Screen said it was "extremely disappointed".

Richard Williams, chief executive, of the industry body had announced details of the series in October 2022 when launching the organisation's four-year strategy until 2026.

On Friday he said the project had been prepping on the ground in Belfast for many months.

"The WGA strike has been halting production all over the world and we hope a fair deal is reached soon so crew can get back to work," he added.

He said Northern Ireland Screen would do everything it could to plug that gap in Norther Ireland's production schedule as quickly as possible, "mindful that many freelance crew and supply chain companies were relying on this project for work in the months ahead."

Blade Runner 2099 was commissioned by the streaming giant Amazon with Sir Ridley Scott, who directed the original 1982 Blade Runner film, as executive producer.

A previous sequel to the original film, Blade Runner 2049, starring Harrison Ford and Ryan Gosling was released in 2017.

More than 11,000 members of the Writers Guild of America (WGA) are taking action over pay and a greater share of the profits from streaming services.

It is not yet known how many crew and staff in Northern Ireland will be affected by the delay of Blade Runner 2099

A number of high-profile TV shows in the USA have been off-air since early May as a result.

But as the strike continues other series are likely to be pushed back and delayed.

It is not known how many crew and staff in Northern Ireland will be affected by the delay of Blade Runner 2099.

Another major film, a live-action version of the animated hit How To Train Your Dragon, is currently in production in Northern Ireland.

Changes to the timescales of major productions are not uncommon in the film and TV industry.

A major expansion to Belfast Harbour Studios is currently being built, including a new virtual production facility called Screen Ulster.

Twitter has applied a temporary limit to the number of tweets users can read in a day, owner Elon Musk has said.

In a tweet of his own, Mr Musk said unverified accounts are now limited to reading 1,000 posts a day.

For new unverified accounts, the number is 500. Meanwhile, accounts with "verified" status are currently limited to 10,000 posts a day.

The tech billionaire initially set stricter limits, but he changed these within hours of announcing the move.

Mr Musk said the temporary limits were to address "extreme levels of data scraping and system manipulation".

He did not explain what was meant by system manipulation in this context.

"We were getting data pillaged so much that it was degrading service for normal users," Mr Musk explained on Friday, after users were presented with screens asking them to log in to view Twitter content.

The move was described as a "temporary emergency measure".

It is not totally clear what Mr Musk is referring to by data scraping, but it appears he means the scraping of large amounts of data used by artificial intelligence (AI) companies to train large language models, which power chatbots such as Open AI's ChatGPT and Google's Bard.

In simple terms, data scraping is the pulling of information from the internet. Large language models need to learn from masses of real human conversations. But the quality is vital to the success of a chatbot. Reddit and Twitter's huge trove of billions of posts are thought to be hugely important training data - and used by AI companies.

But platforms like Twitter and Reddit want to be paid for this data.

In April, Reddit's chief executive Steve Huffman told the New York Times that he was unhappy with what AI companies were doing.

"The Reddit corpus of data is really valuable," he said. "But we don't need to give all of that value to some of the largest companies in the world for free."

Twitter has already started charging users to access its application programming interface (API), which is often used by third party apps and researchers - which can include AI companies.

There are other potential reasons for the move too.

Mr Musk has been pushing people towards Twitter Blue, its paid subscription service. It's possible he is looking at a model where users will have to pay to get a full Twitter service - and access to unlimited posts.

Signalled by a blue tick, "verified" status was given for free by Twitter to high-profile accounts before Mr Musk took over as its boss. Now, most users have to pay a subscription fee from $8 (£6.30) per month to be verified, and can gain the status regardless of their profile.

According to the website Downdetector - which tracks online outages - a peak of 5,126 people reported problems accessing the platform in the UK at 16:12 BST on Saturday.

In the US, roughly 7,461 people reported glitches around the same time.

Initially, Mr Musk announced reading limits of 6,000 posts per day for verified accounts, 600 for unverified accounts, and 300 for new unverified accounts.

In another update Mr Musk said "several hundred organisations (maybe more) were scraping Twitter data extremely aggressively".

He later indicated there had been a burden on his website, saying it was "rather galling to have to bring large numbers of servers online on an emergency basis".

A server is a powerful computer that manages and stores files, providing services such as web pages for users.

Adam Leon Smith from BCS, the UK's professional body for IT, said the move was "very odd" as limiting users' scroll time would affect the company's advertising revenue.

Mr Musk bought the company last year for $44bn (£35bn) after much back and forth. He was critical of Twitter's previous management and said he did not want the platform to become an echo chamber.

Soon after taking over, he cut the workforce from just under 8,000 staff to about 1,500.

In an interview with the BBC, he said that cutting the workforce had not been easy.

Engineers were included in the layoffs and their exit raised concerns about the platform's stability.

But while Mr Musk acknowledged some glitches, he told the BBC in April that outages had not lasted very long and the site was working fine.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Peter Murrell's home has been searched by police

Former SNP chief executive Peter Murrell has been released without charge by the police, pending further investigation into party finances.

Mr Murrell, 58, the husband of former first minister Nicola Sturgeon, was arrested on Wednesday morning.

He was questioned while police searched their Glasgow home and SNP headquarters as part of their investigation.

Ms Sturgeon said she had "no prior knowledge" of Police Scotland's plans. The force said inquiries were ongoing.

In a statement, Police Scotland said Mr Murrell was arrested at 07:45 and released shortly before 19:00.

"Officers also carried out searches today at a number of addresses as part of the investigation," the statement added.

"A report will be sent to the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service."

Mr Murrell resigned as SNP chief executive last month, after holding the post since 1999.

He has been married to Ms Sturgeon since 2010.

Ms Sturgeon was inside the house when officers arrived to make the arrest

A spokesperson for the former first minister said she was not warned about Police Scotland's "action or intentions" before the arrest.

They added: "Ms Sturgeon will fully cooperate with Police Scotland if required, however at this time no such request has been made."

Ms Sturgeon was succeeded last week as Scotland's first minister by Humza Yousaf.

Following Mr Murrell's arrest Mr Yousaf said that it was "a difficult day" for the SNP. He said his party had "fully cooperated" with police and would continue to do so.

Officers were stationed outside Peter Murrell and Nicola Sturgeon's home on Wednesday evening

Police activity continued at the Glasgow home of Mr Murrell and Ms Sturgeon on Wednesday evening.

Ms Sturgeon had been inside the house when officers arrived to make the arrest.

The house was sealed off with blue and white tape. A tent was erected on the driveway with a van parked inside.

Officers could also be seen searching a small shed and storage box in the back garden.

In Edinburgh at least six marked police vehicles were parked outside SNP HQ and officers carrying green crates and other equipment were seen going inside.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Police activity has been seen outside Peter Murrell and Nicola Sturgeon's home in Glasgow.

In July 2021 Police Scotland launched a formal investigation into the SNP's finances after receiving complaints about how donations were used.

Questions had been raised about funds given to the party for use in a fresh independence referendum campaign.

Seven people made complaints and a probe was set up following talks with prosecutors.

Ms Sturgeon had insisted at the time that she was "not concerned" about the party's finances.

She said "every penny" of cash raised in online crowdfunding campaigns would be spent on the independence drive.

According to a statement, the SNP raised a total of £666,953 through referendum-related appeals between 2017 and 2020. The party pledged to spend these funds on the independence campaign.

Questions were raised after its accounts showed it had just under £97,000 in the bank at the end of 2019, and total net assets of about £272,000.

Police officers carried boxes out of SNP headquarters following the search

Last year it emerged Mr Murrell gave a loan of more than £100,000 to the SNP to help it out with a "cash flow" issue after the last election.

The then SNP's chief executive loaned the party £107,620 in June 2021. The SNP had repaid about half of the money by October of that year.

At the time an SNP spokesman said the loan was a "personal contribution made by the chief executive to assist with cash flow after the Holyrood election".

He said it had been reported in the party's 2021 accounts, which were published by the Electoral Commission in August last year.

Weeks earlier, MP Douglas Chapman had resigned as party treasurer saying he had not been given the "financial information" to do the job.

Mr Murrell resigned last month after taking responsibility for misleading statements about a fall in party membership.

The number of members had fallen from the 104,000 it had two years ago to just over 72,000.

The release of Peter Murrell without charge isn't the end of this matter. Detectives will send the results of their long investigation to prosecutors who'll decide what happens next.

The Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service will have to be satisfied that there's sufficient admissible evidence to justify a prosecution.

They'll consider whether there's enough to show a crime was committed and the suspect was responsible. They'll also take the public interest into account.

That can be influenced by the particular circumstances of the case - for example, whether the person involved was in a position of trust or authority.

If they feel that there's insufficient evidence, they can instruct the police to carry out further inquiries. And after that, if the Fiscal still isn't satisfied that there's enough to take it to court, the case would go no further.

Needless to say, all of this will take time.

Right, we'll be back here at 10:45 BST for day four at Wimbledon.

It's going to be a classic with Briton Liam Broady, playing Casper Ruud, first up on Centre Court.

And then, tomorrow evening, two-time winner Andy Murray takes on fifth seed Stefanos Tsitsipas in the second round.

We'll see you then, take care!

A selection of your pictures of Scotland sent in between 5 and 12 May.

Send your photos to scotlandpictures@bbc.co.uk. Please ensure you adhere to the BBC's rules regarding photographs that can be found here.

Please also ensure you take your pictures safely and responsibly.

Conditions of use: If you submit an image, you do so in accordance with the BBC's terms and conditions.

Chris and Mirryn Morris took this photo of some Painted Lady butterflies which they have raised from baby caterpillars, enjoying an orange.

There were sunny conditions for this Dunoon crossing, as this photo, taken by Daniel White, shows.

"I took this picture of Andrew Carnegie's statue looking over the city he helped build whilst wandering around Pittencrieff park, which he left to the people," says Bob Smart in Dunfermline.

"Neat sowing of spring cabbage caught my eye near Kirkliston," says Lorna Donaldson.

Kirsty Darroch was visiting Islay and this donkey "posed perfectly".

The view of Glen Finglas reservoir, taken on a "dreich holiday Monday walk around Lendrick Hill" by Derek Elmhirst.

"Reflections on Delgatie Castle lake - the colours just jumped out at me," says Reg Connon.

"While on a recent visit to Edinburgh Zoo I spotted this giraffe and bird admiring the view over the city together," says Jan Dolny.

A view within a view from Harsha Madasu - of a painter in Bruntsfield Place, Edinburgh.

Jude Bytheway found this puffin taking shelter out of the gale-force winds, at Sumburgh Head on Shetland.

The hunt for some lobsters off the coast of Staxigoe was submitted by Archie Budge.

The view from Loch Rannoch Hotel looking over the loch to Schiehallion, by Nick Sproston.

Alex Mackintosh made this discovery after driving across the Applecross mountain road.

"A big community event in Dollar: a traditional duck race - lots of fun and games," says Victor Tregubov.

Stuart Lilley captured these rain droplets on a dandelion seedhead, in his garden in Inverness.

The Art Deco interior of the 1930s observation car on the Strathspey Steam Railway, from Cliff Williams.

"Tricky access route paid off at Unstan chambered cairn on Orkney," says Sarah Sivers.

An exhibitor at Yardworks 2023, Glasgow's international festival of street art, hosted by SWG3 - from Geoff Der.

"Newhaven Main Street with the wisteria in full bloom," says Nicola Gourlay.

"Absolutely loved finding my first green hairstreak butterfly at Flanders Moss," says Paul Fraser.

The cherry blossom trees in Dawson Park, Broughty Ferry brightened up a grey day for Alana Willox.

"Peace and tranquillity" on a walk at Threave Castle for Viv Alexander.

David Brookens says this seat at Kingscross point, between Whiting Bay and Lamlash, gives "one of the best views on Arran".

Deer at sunrise in Kildalton, Islay, from David Livingstone.

Please ensure that the photograph you send is your own and if you are submitting photographs of children, we must have written permission from a parent or guardian of every child featured (a grandparent, auntie or friend will not suffice).

In contributing to BBC News you agree to grant us a royalty-free, non-exclusive licence to publish and otherwise use the material in any way, including in any media worldwide.

However, you will still own the copyright to everything you contribute to BBC News.

At no time should you endanger yourself or others, take any unnecessary risks or infringe the law.

You can find more information here.

All photos are subject to copyright.

The government is discussing plans for supermarkets to introduce a cap on the price of basic food items to help tackle the rising cost of living.

A voluntary agreement with major retailers could see price reductions on basic food items like bread and milk.

Food prices rose by 19.1% in the year to April - its second highest rate in 45 years.

Downing Street sources have stressed that there are no plans for a mandatory price cap.

The idea of a cap or freeze on basic food items, as first reported by the Daily Telegraph, is said to be at the "drawing board stage".

Supermarkets are expected to be allowed to select which items they would cap and only take part in the initiative, modelled on a similar agreement in France, on a voluntary basis.

Health Secretary Steve Barclay told BBC One's Sunday with Laura Kuenssberg programme that "this is about having constructive discussions with supermarkets about how we work together, not about any element of compulsion".

He added that the government was also keen to protect "suppliers who themselves face considerable pressures".

For Labour, shadow work and pensions secretary Jonathan Ashworth told the same programme that the reports were "extraordinary", saying "Rishi Sunak is now like a latter day Edward Heath with price controls".

However there is some doubt over what impact a price cap of food will have.

The British Retail Consortium says that the government should focus more on cutting red tape rather than "recreating 1970s-style price controls".

"This will not make a jot of difference to prices. High food prices are a direct result of the soaring cost of energy, transport, and labour, as well as higher prices paid to food manufacturers and farmers," said Andrew Opie, director of food and sustainability at the BRC.

"As commodity prices drop, many of the costs keeping inflation high are now arising from the muddle of new regulation coming from government.

Rather than recreating 1970s-style price controls, the government should focus on cutting red tape so that resources can be directed to keeping prices as low as possible."

Earlier this week the boss of the Sainsbury's denied that his supermarket had been profiteering.

Simon Roberts said his business was "absolutely not" putting prices up to bolster profits - known as "greedflation".

He told the BBC that Sainsbury's and other grocery chains had spent money to "battle inflation" and avoid passing all of the rising costs onto consumers.

The competition watchdog, the Competition and Markets Authority, has said it will look at how the grocery market is operating.

At a meeting with food manufacturers last week the chancellor Jeremy Hunt stressed widespread concern about prices and agreed to engage with the industry on possible measures to ease pressure on household budgets.

Mr Hunt has said he would back an increase in interest rates if it curbed higher prices and soaring inflation - even if that risked plunging the UK into recession.

"Businesses don't have a price cap like consumers do and yet some smaller businesses buy energy like consumers do so it's been really hard for them to keep going," Shevaun Haviland, director general of the British Chamber of Commerce, told the same programme.

The rate of inflation can be calculated in various ways, but the main measure is the Consumer Prices Index (CPI) - which tracks the prices of everyday items in an imaginary "basket of goods".

The last figure for CPI was 8.7% in the year to April, down from 10.1% in March and 11.1% in October.

Soaring prices of some food products has meant inflation has not come down by as much as many predicted.

Experts have warned that expensive food is set to overtake energy bills as the "epicentre" of the cost-of-living crisis.
• None Why food bills aren't shrinking - five things to know

The Pablo Picasso housing estate in Nanterre, west of Paris, where 17-year-old Nahel lived with his mother

Calm has returned to La Grande Borne. Local mafia again exercise lazy control from the doorways of this vast housing estate south of Paris; their guns on show, their faces hidden.

After days of riots, there is no sign of the police.

"In some banlieues (suburban estates), they are better equipped than us; they have better weapons," one police officer told us, on condition we keep his identity hidden.

The officer we spoke to spent last week facing rioters in several estates around Paris, as towns and cities across France erupted in rage at the killing of Nahel M, who was 17.

He was shot dead at a police traffic stop in Nanterre, west of Paris, and the policeman who fired through the car window is in detention accused of "voluntary homicide".

The riots were "super-violent", the officer said. But the problem between French suburbs and French police goes much deeper than occasional eruptions of fireworks and Molotov cocktails.

Distrust and resentment smoulder beneath the surface in places like La Grande Borne, less visible than the weapons carried by gangs here, but just as likely to explode.

"When we intervene in an estate, there is fear on both sides," the officer said. "But the police should not be afraid. Fear doesn't help in making the right choices."

The question now being asked, from the estates to the Élysée Palace, is how to prevent these tensions igniting again.

Djigui Diarra is a film-maker who grew up in La Grande Borne, which is one of the poorest housing estates in France.

Djigui Diarra has explored racial divisions between the community and police in his work

"My first encounter with police was when I was 10 years old," he explained, as we sat in the simple concrete playground he used to visit as a child, surrounded by low-rise apartment blocks.

It was a police identification check on an older member of his group, someone he saw as a "big brother".

"They were really rude, so my big brother responded and they put him down [on the ground]," the 27-year-old said. "This was my first encounter with police and as a kid I said to myself, 'this will be my natural enemy'".

That was around the time that France scrapped community policing, known in the country as the "police of proximity" - something Djigui believes was a big mistake.

"With the police of proximity, there was a lack of violence, a lack of criminality," he said. "The language [was] great; they respected people. You have to put people together to feel each other."

Now they only come when there's trouble, he added.

Djigui - whose name means "hope" in Mali's Bambara language - said he had been called "gorilla" and "monkey" by police officers during ID checks.

Four years ago, he made a film called Malgré Eux (In Spite of Them) which explored the racial divisions between residents and police in his community.

It's something other community leaders, in other banlieues, bring up too.

Hassan Ben M'Barak says local police forces need to be more ethnically diverse

In Gennevilliers, on the other side of Paris, Hassan Ben M'Barak leads a network of local associations that was created during weeks of rioting back in 2005.

"We need at least 20% or 25% of the police who patrol the neighbourhood to come from minority ethnic backgrounds [or] to come from the neighbourhood," he said. "That's a really important aspect."

Since 2005, he explained, the situation has got harder to control - not only because of changes in policing, but changes in funding policy too, with money directed towards urban regeneration and away from local associations on the ground.

What's striking this time, he said, was that "no one - no association - has called for calm" because they no longer have the authority to influence the situation.

This week, French media reported that the police officer charged with Nahel's homicide told investigators that he pulled the trigger because he was afraid the 17-year-old would drive off and "drag" his police colleague with him.

The traffic policeman, named as Florian M, also denied threatening to shoot the teenager in the head.

The shooting, and the riots that followed, dominated French media for days. But many believe media coverage here is just as important as policing and policy in fuelling divisions between the banlieues and the rest of France.

The riots started in the Pablo Picasso housing estate, not far from where Nahel M was fatally shot by a police officer

"They have to talk about great histories [stories] in the suburbs, not only when there are riots," Djigui said. "That will reduce the racism and fear in others.

"And we in the suburbs have to consider every little brother, every little sister, as ours. We have to consider every member of this [estate] as our family."

Djigui is now working on a new series about policing in France's suburbs, and said he believes that those beyond the banlieues are starting to wake up to his message.

"When the yellow vest strikes happened, they understood why we in the suburbs were, like, police brutality is abominable. I said to them, 'better late [than never]'."

The yellow vest protests, which broke out across France in 2017, sparked a national debate about police brutality after a number of protesters were seriously injured by police.

For now, though, the fires have subsided in the banlieues and so has the attention they brought. And the towering apartment blocks that ring France's prosperous cities are sinking out of sight again.

Doug Paulley, one of four disability campaigners who had brought the case against the government, said they now planned to appeal against the latest ruling

A ruling which decided a survey used to inform the government's National Disability Strategy was "unlawful" has been overturned at the Court of Appeal.

The strategy aims to improve disabled people's lives and tackle issues such as housing and inaccessible public transport.

The government has welcomed the Court of Appeal's decision and says the plans can now "move forward again".

But disability-rights campaigners plan to appeal against the latest ruling.

The High Court had found the survey of disabled people had failed to consult effectively.

The government had failed to provide enough information on the proposed strategy to allow for meaningful responses, campaigners had told the High Court.

But in the Court of Appeal, Lady Justice Laing ruled "the purpose of the survey was to find out information and views which might 'inform' the strategy" and those surveyed could not have been given more information about the strategy "because it did not exist".

The High Court judge had been wrong to rule the survey was subject to "the Gunning requirement", Lady Justice Laing said, and therefore wrong to rule the work and pensions secretary had acted unlawfully.

The Gunning principles include requiring public bodies to provide the information people need to contribute to a consultation and that the decision makers take the result into account.

But in January 2022, the High Court ruled Work and Pensions Secretary Therese Coffey "took on a duty to consult which she did not properly discharge and, as a result, the consultation she carried out, principally by means of the survey, was not lawful".

Campaigners Doug Paulley, Jean Eveleigh, Victoria Hon and Miriam Binder, who has since died, had brought the case against the government.

Mr Paulley said they now were "really frustrated" the ruling had been overturned - and they had "lost on a technicality".

"The original strategy and consultation was a travesty," he said. "We feel it was a waste of money and time and an insult to disabled people."

The consultation "didn't allow us to say anything on the important issues for disabled people"," Mr Paulley added.

When details of the national Disability Strategy were announced, in 2021, charities welcomed some of the measures but said other aspects lacked scope and ambition.

After the High Court ruling, a number of policies were paused, including proposals to ensure every disabled person who wanted to start a business had the opportunity and exploring how to increase opportunities for disabled people to serve in the armed-forces reserves.

On Tuesday, Disabled People, Health and Work Minister Tom Pursglove said: "I welcome the Court of Appeal's judgment that our National Disability Strategy is lawful, meaning we are able to continue with the important work contained within it.

"I am delighted that we are now able to move forward again with this ambitious agenda, implementing the commitments we set out in this long-term strategy to transform disabled people's lives for the better."

Many of the fatal accidents involve farm machinery

An average of more than five people every year died on Northern Ireland's farms in the past decade.

New figures from the Health and Safety Executive NI (HSENI) show 53 people were killed between January 2013 and December 2022.

It comes as the Farm Safety Foundation says the pace of change is "far too slow".

This week marks the 11th year of Farm Safety Week, which is organised by the foundation.

Stephanie Berkeley, manager of the Farm Safety Foundation, said the key message of Farm Safety Week 2023 was that farmers needed to value themselves.

"Everything is replaceable, you are not," she said.

Ms Berkeley added that the organisation was still having to roll out the campaign because farming continues to have the poorest safety record of any occupation in the UK and Ireland.

She said things were improving and that farmers knew they needed to take their safety seriously.

The HSENI said there had been two fatalities on farms in 2023.

Both victims were men over 60 and both incidents involved machinery.

In 2022, there were three deaths - a fall from six in 2021.

Ms Berkeley said those who died were mostly older people.

"The next generation of farmers have better attitudes and behaviours in relation to safety - but the pace of change is far too slow," she said.

William Irvine, deputy president of the Ulster Farmers Union, said it was important to keep safety awareness high.

He said the work was pressurised and that most accidents on farms tended to be related to falls, animals, machinery and slurry.

"Agriculture tends to involve a lot of lone workers who work with machinery and animals," he said.

"These things can be unpredictable and campaigns like this are important to keep awareness high.

"The message is getting through, but there is still a way to go and there is more to achieve when it comes to farm safety."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Patti Henry's cousin tells what the gift of a bench in her memory has meant to her family

The family of a murder victim whose body has never been found has revealed how a charity set up in memory of sales executive Moira Jones has helped them come to terms with their loss.

Patricia Henry, 46, was killed by George Metcalff at her flat in Girvan, South Ayrshire, in November 2017.

After his conviction her relatives contacted The Moira Fund for support.

It was launched after the murder of Miss Jones, 40, in Queen's Park, Glasgow on 29 May 2008.

Since then the charity has helped more than 1,500 families cope with the violent loss of a loved one.

Ms Henry's relatives are among those who have benefitted from the fund and have since raised money for its work across the UK.

Ahead of the 15th anniversary of Moira's murder, Ms Henry's cousin Jacci McCarthy met up with Moira's mother Bea Jones for the first time to convey her gratitude.

Ms McCarthy told BBC Scotland: "For our family it was restoring our faith in humanity.

"We have got a lady walking the road with us that knows what the family are going through, that has turned a personal tragedy into something so positive.

"Bea is an honorary part of our family now, whether she likes it or not."

Patricia "Patti" Henry was last seen in November 2017

In November 2021 Ms Henry's killer was jailed for 22 years and four months.

Judge Lord Armstrong told Metcalff, 72, that victim impact statements from relatives clearly indicated the "devastating and continuing harm" he had caused.

The following month the family approached The Moira Fund and were awarded a grant of £1,200 for a memorial bench in Brodie Park, Paisley.

It has since become a poignant spot to remember Ms Henry, who grew up in the Renfrewshire town.

Jacci McCarthy (left) met Bea Jones in person for the first time in Brodie Park, Paisley

Ms McCarthy said: "We got justice and everything for Patti. There is a man serving life for it.

"But we don't have Patti. We've never found Patti. Patti's murderer has never revealed where her body is.

"Through talking we thought a memorial bench would be nice because we don't have a grave for Patti."

A memorial bench to Patti was installed in Brodie Park, Paisley

The bench has now become a focal point for the family and a place where they gather with flowers and sweets on Ms Henry's birthday and anniversary.

Ms McCarthy said: "It is a park that is local to where we all grew up, to where Patti grew up.

"Patti learned to go her bike here when she was a wee girl, right here, with the stabilisers off."

Ms McCarthy described Bea as "inspirational" and said the family were keen to repay the charity for its help.

In February they organised a fundraising gig in the town's Bungalow bar which raised more than £3,000.

Ms Jones said she was grateful for the money which would benefit a number of families.

She added: "We have people that we have helped who want to help us back in different ways.

"Everybody can't do it. Of course not. Some of them are in dire straits.

"But when people can do something like that it's wonderful."

Sales executive Moira, who was 40 when she was murdered in May 2008, and her mother Bea

In April 2009 Moira's family announced they would launch a charity outside the High Court in Glasgow after her killer Marek Harcar was jailed for life.

The Slovakian national abducted the sales executive as she returned to her flat.

Moira, who had lived in Glasgow for five years, was then forced into Queen's Park where she was raped and killed.

Ex-soldier Harcar was later ordered to spend a minimum of 25 years behind bars.

In the months that followed the murder Ms Jones, husband Hu and son Grant set up the Moira Fund to help people bereaved through violence.

Since then it has helped hundreds of families across the UK by providing grants to cover everything from funeral costs to clothes for attending court.

A stone marks the spot in Queen's Park where Moira's body was discovered on 29 May 2008

In 2020 Ms Jones shared her harrowing diaries with BBC Scotland to coincide with a documentary, The Dark Shadow of Murder.

The former teacher, who lives in Weston, Staffordshire, now draws comfort from the positive impact the charity has had on so many lives.

She said: "It helps that someone has listened to what they are trying to say and understood.

"It helps to feel less alone."

Moira's Run was first held in Queen's Park in 2014 and returned last year for the first time since two viral events were held during the pandemic

The fund's events include the annual 5k Moira Run which draws participants from clubs across the city and a team from Victim Support Scotland's Support for Families Bereaved by Crime (SFBC).

As well as her charity work Ms Jones' campaigning led to the launch of a Scottish Homicide Service, which provides murder victims' families with a dedicated case worker.

Asked how she feels about the impact The Moira Fund has had, Ms Jones said: "It means a lot.

"It's when the thank yous come in and you know the difference you have made.

Looking to the future, Ms Jones added: "I want this to go on when I have gone.

"I want it to go on so that there is more understanding, there is continued help, for people in the worst place they could be."

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Turkish voters are faced with a momentous choice which will affect their country's political and economic future

Turks are at a historic turning point - whether to keep their leader of more than 20 years or change to a more pro-Western path and roll back some of his sweeping presidential powers.

President Recep Tayyip Erdogan is favourite to win Sunday's run-off vote, and promises a strong, multilateral Turkey. He says opposition claims of a dictatorship are smear campaigns and pure nonsense.

His chief rival, Kemal Kilicdaroglu, backed by a broad opposition, has billed the vote as a referendum on the future direction of Turkey and has sought the support of nationalist voters to increase his chance of victory.

Since 2017, Mr Erdogan has run Turkey with extensive presidential power, from a vast palace in Ankara. As executive president he can declare a state of emergency and can pick or dismiss civil servants.

He accuses his opponents of being "pro-LGBT", while his Islamist-rooted party positions itself as on the side of the family and highlights its success in modernising Turkey.

If he wins on Sunday, not much will change, says Selim Koru, a member of Turkey's Tepav think tank. His powers are already so broad he won't seek to extend them further, he says.

But Alp Yenen, lecturer in Turkish studies at Leiden University, believes if Turkey's rampant inflation of more than 43% endures, the president's AK Party could accelerate what has been "a slow pace of authoritarianism".

The man seeking to replace Mr Erdogan wants to scrap the presidential system brought in five years ago and return to a parliament and prime minister in charge. Independent courts and a free press would follow.

President Erdogan acquired sweeping executive powers in the aftermath of the botched coup against him in 2016

The president would become apolitical and the other five parties in the Kilicdaroglu alliance would each have a vice president, along with the two centre-left mayors of Ankara and Istanbul.

But Mr Erdogan's party and its nationalist and conservative allies have secured a majority in parliament and if the opposition alliance were to win the presidency they might struggle to push through their reforms.

Turkey is part of the West's Nato defensive alliance, but the Erdogan presidency has sought close ties with China and Russia too, buying a Russian S-400 air defence system and inaugurating a Russian-built nuclear plant - Turkey's first - ahead of the election.

He advocates a multilateral stance, viewing Turkey as "an island of peace and security", and offering Ankara as a mediator in the Russian war in Ukraine.

His opponent and his allies, meanwhile, want to return to the process of joining the European Union and restore Turkey's military ties with the US, while maintaining relations with Russia.

If Mr Erdogan stays in power then Selim Koru believes he will continue to push Turkey away from the West, without leaving Nato. "He wants to get Turkey to a point in the medium term or distant future where Nato membership is irrelevant."

This election is being watched very carefully by 3.5 million Syrian refugees who have temporary protection in Turkey, because Kemal Kilicdaroglu wants to send them home fast.

That's a major worry for Syrians, who came here mainly in the first six years of the war until 2017.

Not least because, after the opposition leader trailed in the first round, he made refugees and irregular migrants the number one issue of his campaign. He needs the vote of almost 2.8 million Turks who supported an ultranationalist candidate in the first round.

He has accused President Erdogan of bringing 10 million migrants into Turkey, and he is talking about Syrians, but Iranians, Afghans and Pakistanis too.

More than 80% of Turks want the Syrians to go home, and yet more than 700,000 Syrians are in Turkish schools and 880,000 Syrian babies have been born in Turkey since 2011.

"I cannot understand how they would leave this life and go back to Syria," says Prof Murat Erdogan, who conducts Syrians' Barometer, a regular field study on Syrians in Turkey.

Kemal Kilicdaroglu says he will negotiate the Syrians' return with Damascus, but as Syria insists on Turkey leaving its 30km (18-mile) buffer zone over the border, that runs the risk of Syria launching attacks on the zone and sparking a new wave of refugees.

Turkey's government says more than half a million Syrian refugees have returned home, but the opposition wants more to leave

The opposition leader knows full well an agreement would take up to two years, and he would ask the United Nations to oversee it. But Murat Erdogan believes it could take a decade to implement.

President Erdogan has sought to defuse the issue, by promising to speed up the voluntary repatriation of a million Syrians through an agreement with President Bashar al-Assad. The idea of Syrians returning voluntarily seems far-fetched but Turkish state media reported that work on building 5,000 flats in Syria had already begun.

Turkey's Kurds make up as much as a fifth of the 85 million population and they have a big stake in this election.

The pro-Kurdish party, which attracted almost 9% of the parliamentary vote, publicly backed Kemal Kilicdaroglu for president and sees the vote as a historic moment to get rid of a "one-man regime".

President Erdogan has accused him of surrendering to the "blackmail" and agenda of both the pro-Kurdish party and PKK militants, who are seen by Turkey and the West as terrorists.

But Kurdish voters are alarmed the opposition challenger has aligned himself with a far-right leader on fighting "terrorism", because that usually refers to Kurdish militants.

Mr Kilicdaroglu has also agreed that Kurdish mayors can be replaced by trustees appointed by Ankara in so-called "terror" cases.

The pro-Kurdish party's co-chair Pervin Buldan has fully backed the opposition leader, but that does not mean all Kurdish voters will follow suit.

"Getting the nationalist vote is a possibility but there's a risk in losing the Kurdish vote - it's a delicate balance - how do you get them without losing Kurds?" asks Alp Yenen.

Ahead of the first round it was the state of Turkey's economy that was foremost in voters' minds, before the refugee issue came to the fore.

Inflation is officially 43.68%, and Turks have had a cost of living crisis far more severe than most. Many will tell you the real inflation rate feels far higher.

The early Erdogan years were a byword for strong economic growth and enormous construction projects. And Turkey always stuck closely to the terms of its loan agreements with the IMF.

But in recent years his government has abandoned orthodox economic policy. It gradually eroded the independence of the central bank, sacking three of its governors in quick succession, says Selva Demiralp, professor of economics at Koc University.

Inflation soared, as interest rates were kept low - while Turkey's currency the lira depreciated to improve the trade balance and boost exports.

Official inflation rates have fallen to 44% but Turks say the real inflation rate in shops and markets feels higher

Mr Erdogan still promises high growth, six million new jobs and a big push for tourism, but Prof Demiralp believes his policies will keep inflation as high as 45% for months to come.

If Kemal Kilicdaroglu and his allies win the presidency and parliament, she believes a return to orthodox economic policies and an independent central bank will lower inflation to 30% by the end of 2023 and it will continue to go down after that.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The impact of the 7.4 magnitude earthquake in Taiwan

Rescuers in Taiwan are working to reach more than 600 stranded people, a day after the island experienced its worst earthquake in 25 years.

One survivor has recounted how tremors unleashed rockslides "like bullets" around the coal mine he was working at.

The 7.4 magnitude earthquake hit near the eastern county of Hualien, killing nine and injuring more than 1,000.

Some stuck in tunnels and near a national park have been rescued by helicopters, but 34 are still missing.

The official number of people trapped or stranded rose considerably - from about 100 to 660 - on Thursday as people started getting phone signal back in the mountainous regions.

Almost all are guests and staff of a remote hotel who cannot leave because of damaged roads. Officials are now trying to work out the best way to get them out.

Food supplies have been air-dropped to dozens trapped in these areas, local reports say.

"The mountain started raining rocks like bullets, we had nowhere to escape to, everyone ran beside the sandbags for cover," the survivor, identified by his surname Chu, told Taiwan's Central News Agency.

Three of the nine who died were hikers on a trail leading towards Taroko National Park, named after a landmark gorge, just outside Hualien.

In Hualien city, the capital of the county where the earthquake struck, relief efforts are proceeding quickly, with workers using excavators and other heavy equipment to demolish several damaged buildings.

On Thursday morning, the BBC also witnessed relief workers removing huge boulders - the size of cars - that had fallen close to railway lines so as to get normal train services running again.

They are also using large amounts of gravel and rocks to shore up a 10-storey structure known as the Uranus building, which has been leaning downwards since the quake struck - to prevent it from falling over in case of another aftershock.

Local reports said one female teacher had died in the building when she returned to rescue her cat.

The red brick Uranus building is seen leaning precariously

Hsu Chiu-yueh, who was working opposite the Uranus building when it collapsed, told the BBC: "It was so shaky I could barely walk. I was really scared. I felt my legs were not in control anymore. Thanks to my colleagues, they dragged me so we could get out."

"There was a lot of dust coming into our building on our way out... We [later] realised that it came from the building across the street that had partially collapsed," said the 50-year-old.

Another Hualien resident recounted how the quake threw her home into disarray.

"I was just getting out of bed when a clothes rack and a low cabinet fell over," Ocean Tsai told BBC Chinese.

"It kept getting stronger, and I started worrying about our belongings at home. Fortunately, apart from the motorcycle tipping over, the damage was minimal."

The earthquake, which struck 18km (11mi) south of Hualien, was followed by more than 200 aftershocks, dozens of which were at least 6.5 magnitude or more, hindering search and rescue efforts. Taiwanese authorities expect there to be more aftershocks in the next few days.

Pictures show how the road outside Hualien's Qingshui tunnel - one of many winding roads that run along Hualien's rocky coastline - had simply fallen away.

Routes like Qingshui are popular among tourists because of their spectacular views from the mountains out across the Pacific Ocean. But they are also known to be treacherous, not least because of the possibility of landslides.

Further north, the capital Taipei was also shaken violently with footage showing damaged buildings and people being evacuated. Local TV stations aired clips of smashed vehicles and stores in disarray.

"The earthquake is close to land and it's shallow. It's felt all over Taiwan and offshore islands... It's the strongest in 25 years," Wu Chien Fu, the director of Taipei's Seismology Centre said on Wednesday.

Power cuts and internet outages were reported across the island.

The earthquake also triggered tsunami alerts earlier in the day on Wednesday in nearby Japanese and Philippine islands, but these alerts were later downgraded.

While Taiwan has a history of quakes, both locals and foreigners who have lived in Taipei for years say this is the strongest quake they have experienced in decades.

The last major quake at 7.6 magnitude hit in September 1999, killing 2,400 people and destroying 5,000 buildings.

Additional reporting by Fan Wang in Singapore and BBC Chinese's Tzu-Wei Liu in Taipei

First LV= Insurance Ashes Test, Edgbaston (day five of five)

Australia somehow prevailed in one of the all-time great Ashes Tests to beat England by two wickets and take a 1-0 lead in the series.

On an unbearably tense final day of another Edgbaston classic, ninth-wicket pair Pat Cummins and Nathan Lyon added an unbroken 55 to defy the raucous crowd and get Australia to their target of 281.

In doing so, they exacted revenge for Australia's famous two-run defeat on this ground 18 years ago, when the tailenders just fell short of reaching a target of 282.

Cummins, with 44 not out, and Lyon's unbeaten 16 took Australia to their narrowest Ashes win in terms of wickets since 1907.

England looked to be surging towards victory when captain Ben Stokes produced a magical slower ball to bowl Usman Khawaja for 65 and Joe Root held a stunning return catch off Alex Carey.

But as a breathless match entered its final hour, Cummins and Lyon swung the bat at England's short-ball plan to inch Australia closer.

Stokes almost dismissed Lyon with a flying catch for the ages when 37 were still needed, the skipper losing control of the ball as he dived backwards at square leg.

The target ticked down, the evening drew in. With three runs required and less than five overs remaining, Cummins deflected Ollie Robinson towards third man, a diving Harry Brook fumbled and Australia had an incredible victory.

A series that has already lived up to the hype continues with the second Test at Lord's on 28 June.
• None 'Cummins is The Boss but England can come back'
• None Relive an incredible day with all the best clips
• None Watch the highlights on Today at the Test

This was not just an homage to the epic contest on the same ground 18 years ago, but the perfect opening to the most anticipated Ashes series in a generation.

From the moment Zak Crawley crunched the first ball of the series for four, this Test had everything: England's daring first-day declaration, Root's attempted reverse-ramp off Cummins from the first ball of day four and the fascinating clash of style between the two teams.

But none of that could match the nerve-shredding drama of the final hour, played out in front of a buoyant crowd that had earlier waited until 14:15 BST for rain to pass and play to begin.

England have been involved in some thrilling Tests since Stokes took charge, but none with the stakes as high as this. In truth, they wasted chances throughout, but have shown enough quality, endeavour and bravery to suggest they have what it takes to get back into the series.

For Australia, the narrow win just about vindicates their cautious approach to combatting England's Bazballers. It was fitting that captain Cummins, the architect of the safety-first plan, played the vital role on the final day.

This was magnificent sporting theatre, whetting the appetite for the rest of the series and for the Test between England and Australia's women, which begins at Trent Bridge on Thursday.

Cummins and Lyon get revenge 18 years in the making

In 2005, Australia arrived on the fourth morning needing 107 with only two wickets remaining and almost got them thanks to the efforts of their last three batters - Shane Warne, Brett Lee and Michael Kasprowicz.

From a position almost as hopeless, Cummins and Lyon launched their own rescue mission and this time got Australia over the line.

The tourists had been almost inert for most of the day. At 107-3 overnight, they did not shift from a neutral gear. Khawaja, who made a century in the first innings, added only 31 runs from 116 balls and looked immovable.

Stokes somehow conjured the slower ball from his fragile body and Root held on to Carey to make England favourites, but fearsome competitors Cummins and Lyon refused to yield.

Root had already failed to cling on to a low caught-and-bowled chance when Cummins had six and the captain would later make him pay by crashing 14 from a single over.

In the next over, Stokes flung himself at a catch that would have matched his grab in the 2019 World Cup, but this time could not hold on.

The new ball was belatedly taken, but Australia's confidence grew. For every time the outside edge was beaten, a single was pinched. Cummins slapped Robinson past a flying Ollie Pope at cover, Lyon twice belted Stuart Broad down the ground for fours.

The outside edge was beaten, England kept the field back, James Anderson was ignored. Australia were within one hit of victory for more than two overs.

With three required, Cummins fended off a short ball and the flailing Brook could not prevent the boundary. Australia ended on 282 - their target back in 2005 - and the brilliant Cummins threw his bat in the air to begin wild celebrations.

England had lost two of their past 12 Tests and one of those, against New Zealand in Wellington in February, was by just one run after they had made the Black Caps follow on.

This, though, will test the resolve of their new attitude under captain Stokes and coach Brendon McCullum like never before. Not because their swashbuckling style has failed its first examination by Australia, but because they were so close to winning and it is their own errors that have cost them.

They missed eight chances of varying difficulty in the field, four of which were by wicketkeeper Jonny Bairstow. Most crucially, Bairstow failed to move for an edge when Khawaja had only five on the fourth evening.

Questions will linger over Stokes' decision to declare on the first evening and the fitness of Moeen Ali, who was badly hampered by a cut on his spinning finger throughout the match.

It was also telling that Stokes, who is managing a left-knee injury, did not bowl himself until the 70th over of the second innings and that Anderson, England's all-time leading wicket-taker, was not trusted with the second new ball.

No team has come from behind to win an Ashes series since 2005. Stokes' England have shown they can get at Australia, but they must be near-perfect in the remaining four Tests if they are to win the urn for the first time since 2015.
• None How did Messi win the World Cup with Argentina? Captivating interviews reveal what happened behind the scenes in Qatar
• None Can you crack the code to open the safe? Put your code-breaking skills to the test in this brainteaser

"We pray together, we cry together," says community representative Michael Tsifidaris

In a brightly lit hall on an industrial estate, rows of empty chairs are arranged in front of a plain wooden lectern.

Hamburg's Jehovah's witnesses have cancelled all services following Thursday's deadly shooting in another meeting hall in the city which claimed seven lives, including that of an unborn child.

The attack took place shortly after worshippers finished their service. Police have told them that they cannot rule out the possibility of a so-called copycat attack, says Michael Tsifidaris, who speaks for the community here.

He's smartly dressed in a business suit, but looks exhausted. It's clear that he's still deeply shaken. Two of his friends were killed in the attack.

He tells us he spent Thursday night with survivors in hospital, and at the police station. But he also comforted relatives as they waited in a hastily arranged emergency centre for news of their loved ones.

"It's hard to imagine - a group of people are sitting together during an evening in the church, reading the Bible, singing, praying together. Then they spend a couple of minutes together to talk to each other after the meeting, Then, all of a sudden, a scene of love becomes a scene of hate and death."

The fact that the killer was a former member of the Jehovah's Witness community here makes the tragedy particularly hard to bear.

There are about 4,000 Jehovah's Witnesses in and around Hamburg. The community is divided into smaller congregations, each with their own meeting place, known as a Kingdom Hall.

Detectives investigating the mass shooting have said the killer left the Jehovah's Witnesses on terms which were "not good".

Mr Tsifidaris says he doesn't know why the man left, didn't know him personally, and appears reluctant to talk about him.

Those who leave the Jehovah's Witnesses are often "disassociated" or cut off by most members of the community; a practice sometimes referred to as "shunning".

The police have revealed they recently received an anonymous letter, in which the author warned the attacker had a gun, was mentally unstable and harboured anger against religious groups, including the Jehovah's Witnesses.

"He left the community two years ago and now, all of a sudden, he's showing up and is acting against all the principles we stand for," says Mr Tsifidaris.

"What we know is that in the religious context, there is a community he knows, there is a community he was part of, so this is a community he focused his hate on. He knew the premises, he knew the arrangements."

For now, the community is meeting online. Mr Tsifidaris, who refers to his fellow members as brothers and sisters, speaks often of the comfort to be found in supporting one another. "We pray together, we cry together."

Uppermost in their thoughts are those who remain seriously injured in hospital. He's adamant that their treatment is not compromised by a refusal to accept blood transfusions - Jehovah's Witnesses believe that God forbids this.

They are not yet out of danger, he tells us, but the doctors say there's a fair chance most will survive.

For now, the focus is on supporting the bereaved and the traumatised. No one, he says, is left alone in their grief.

This attack has left a city in mourning and a community in shock and horror. It will, says Mr Tsifidaris, take years to heal.

Jehovah's Witnesses services were cancelled after the mass shooting

Last updated on .From the section Cricket

England and Australia will pay tribute to the victims of the Nottingham attacks on day one of the first Ashes Test at Edgbaston on Friday.

Players and management will wear black armbands, while there will also be a moment's silence before play starts.

The same tributes will be paid on day one of the women's Ashes Test at Trent Bridge in Nottingham on 22 June.

Three people died after a series of attacks in Nottingham early on Tuesday morning.

University of Nottingham students Barnaby Webber and Grace O'Malley-Kumar, both 19, and school caretaker Ian Coates, 65, were stabbed, with another three people injured.

"The deeply distressing scenes witnessed in Nottingham this week have brought immense sorrow to everyone, particularly the cherished friends and families of the victims," said England men's Test captain Ben Stokes.

"It is impossible to express how much their lives and futures have been tragically disrupted.

"These events sadden the England cricket teams, and we are thinking about those affected at this harrowing time. As a gesture of respect, we will honour them by wearing black armbands."

Ms O'Malley-Kumar was a member of the England U16 and U18 hockey squads, as well as playing for Southgate Hockey Club and Woodford Wells Cricket Club in London.

Mr Webber was a "key member" of Bishops Hull Cricket Club and had been selected for the university team.

England women's captain Heather Knight said: "It was incredibly saddening to learn about the events that took place in Nottingham, and it felt a bit closer to home to learn that two of the victims had been cricket players.

"All of our thoughts are with the families and friends of everyone affected by the tragedy, and with the city of Nottingham."

A 31-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder and remains in police custody.

Vivienne Groom says she feels she has been "penalised" for caring for her elderly mum

A woman has told of her shock after the government seized £16,000 left to her by her mother because she was overpaid her carer's allowance.

Vivienne Groom was prosecuted for failing to declare her minimum wage Co-op job while also caring for her mum.

Mrs Groom said she was told by a social worker she did not have to tell the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) about the job.

The DWP said it was "right" it sought to claim back "taxpayers' money".

After taking the job at the store in Tarvin, near Chester, Mrs Groom was told she had to pay back £16,800.

She said she initially agreed a payment plan with the DWP at £30 per month to cover the overpayments, which she received between 2014 and 2019.

However, when the government discovered she stood to inherit £16,000 following the death of her mum, it decided to seize it.

Mrs Groom told the BBC she was devastated by what had happened.

"I followed that lady's rules and I looked after my mum," she said.

"I mean, if people look after their parents they should be paid more money so they don't have to go to work as well.

"I had to go to work. We had bills to pay."

The only way for the DWP to recover the money was to prosecute Mrs Groom, so she was charged with benefit fraud offences.

Without legal representation to assist her, Mrs Groom pleaded guilty and was sentenced to a community order with unpaid work requirements.

She was, however, forced back to court after the DWP initiated proceedings under the Proceeds of Crime Act (POCA), enabling them to ask a judge to order the confiscation of her inheritance.

That order was granted on Wednesday, despite a different judge describing himself as "truly unimpressed" with the DWP's handling of the case during her sentencing hearing.

At that earlier hearing, the Recorder of Chester, judge Steven Everett, told Mrs Groom she was "doing the best you could for your mother".

Speaking outside court on Wednesday, her husband, Geoff, told the BBC his wife had been "penalised for looking after her mum".

The DWP has faced criticism for failing to prevent overpayments, despite having the ability to do so, and allowing the recipients to end up in legal trouble.

Benefit staff get automatic alerts from HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) if a carer's allowance claimant is earning too much to claim.

One DWP employee agreed to speak about Mrs Groom's case on condition of anonymity.

"From 2014 onwards really they had no excuse for having these overpayments carry on for longer than two or three months … if they're investigating all of the alerts", he told BBC North West Tonight.

"DWP should be protecting these people from getting into trouble with their benefits but instead they're persecuting them and treating them like hardened criminals using the Proceeds of Crime Act against them. It's appalling."

Five years ago a report from the House of Commons Work and Pensions Committee accused the DWP of "bullying and harassing" those who had been overpaid.

Margaret Greenwood, Labour MP for Wirral West, told the BBC about 44% of people caring for others for more than 35 hours a week are "living in poverty".

She said to then receive a "large bill" for overpayments they are often unaware of "can be devastating for people".

Last year the DWP revealed it was seeking to recover 145,567 overpayments of Carers Allowance.

An extra 26,500 overpayments were added to that total in the last year alone.

A spokesperson for the DWP said: "We are committed to fairness in the welfare system while protecting the public purse.

"Claimants have a responsibility to inform DWP of any changes in their circumstances that could impact their award, and it is right that we recover taxpayers' money when this has not occurred."

Why not follow BBC Merseyside on Facebook, X and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

Chrissy Teigen and John Legend: Teigen said she had always wanted four children

Model Chrissy Teigen has said "our hearts and our home are full" after welcoming her fourth child with singer John Legend.

Their son, Wren Alexander Stephens, was born via surrogate with the couple thanking her for "this incredible gift".

Teigen, 37, and her husband Legend, 44, lost baby Jack during pregnancy in 2020 and she wrote about the pain of this.

In her most recent post, she said she had "always wanted four children".

"After losing Jack, I didn't think I'd be able to carry any more babies on my own," she wrote.

"In 2021, we reached out to a surrogacy agency, with our first correspondence inquiring about perhaps having 2 tandem surrogates, to each bring us a healthy baby boy or girl."

This Instagram post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Instagram The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip instagram post by chrissyteigen This article contains content provided by Instagram. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Meta’s Instagram cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Teigen said she had told Legend she wanted to try one more time to carry a baby and that they "restarted the IVF process" to conceive their daughter Esti, who was born in January 2023.

At this point the couple were early on in their surrogacy process and had also met Alexandra, who Teigen described as "the most incredible, loving, compassionate surrogate we could ever imagine".

The couple gave Wren the middle name Alexander as a tribute to their surrogate.

"And we are so happy to tell the world he is here, with a name forever connected to you," she wrote.

"Our hearts, and our home, are officially full. And to our Jack, we know both their angel kisses are from you."

Teigen and Legend also have a daughter Luna, seven, and son Miles, five.

Legend posted a picture of him and their children on Instagram, saying: "Wren Alexander Stephens, our new love."

This Instagram post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Instagram The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip instagram post 2 by johnlegend This article contains content provided by Instagram. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Meta’s Instagram cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Last updated on .From the section Women's Football

Chelsea manager Emma Hayes will face no action after she appeared to shove Arsenal manager Jonas Eidevall at the end of Sunday's League Cup final, the Football Association has said.

Hayes appeared to push away Eidevall at full-time of Arsenal's 1-0 victory.

It followed a touchline altercation during the game between the two managers and Chelsea player Erin Cuthbert.

When asked what happened, Hayes said: "I am not down for male aggression on the touchline. I told him this."

Eidevall said he did not feel "comfortable with the label".

The Swede said the situation with Cuthbert arose because the teams had disagreed about whether there should be a multi-ball system when the ball went out.

Eidevall was booked for his goal celebration but Hayes later said she believed he should have been dismissed for his conduct.

Lucy Letby, 33, is accused of murdering babies on a neonatal ward

One of nurse Lucy Letby's "favourite ways of killing and trying to kill children" on a hospital neonatal unit was by injecting air, a prosecutor has told her trial.

Ms Letby is alleged to have murdered seven babies and attempted to murder 10 others between June 2015 and June 2016.

Prosecutor Nick Johnson KC said experts for the prosecution had told Manchester Crown Court at least 12 of those received an air injection.

On the third day of his closing speech, Mr Johnson told jurors not to ignore the "constellation of coincidences" in baby deaths at the Countess of Chester Hospital.

He said they should "put all the pieces of the jigsaw together" and suggested the "cumulative picture" told only one story, that Ms Letby "tried to murder or murdered these children".

Mr Johnson cited the case of Child C, who stopped breathing without warning on 13 June 2015 while being treated in the unit's nursery one.

He said the collapse and death was "inconsistent" with all natural causes, as asserted by the medical experts in the case.

The prosecutor noted the nurse was seen in nursery one at the time of Child C's collapse, despite being allocated a baby in nursery three.

He said she was there "with death on her mind".

Mr Johnson went on to remind the jury of Sophie Ellis' evidence, who was Child C's designated nurse that day.

Ms Ellis told the jury how she had briefly left Child C and when she returned to the nursery, Ms Letby was standing over him.

She said the nurse told her: "He's just had a brady/desat".

The alleged attacks were said to have been carried out at Countess of Chester Hospital

Mr Johnson also said nurse Melanie Taylor had recalled being surprised at how "cool and calm" Ms Letby appeared as medics rushed to help the baby.

He alleged that swelling noted by a doctor in Child C's vocal cords indicated that "something had been put down his throat".

This was also a feature in the cases of Child E, Child G, Child H and Child N, he said.

Mr Johnson went on to state that another clue the jurors should consider in Child C's case was the "massive ballooning" to his stomach.

"It's as plain as the nose on your face that Lucy Letby must have injected air down the nasogastric tube," he said.

"It was, after all, one of her favourite ways of killing or trying to kill children in this case.

"There are a constellation of coincidences which can make you sure that [Child C] didn't die of natural causes and that Lucy Letby killed him."

The nurse, originally from Hereford, has denied all of the charges against her

Mr Johnson also noted how Ms Letby's defence counsel, Ben Myers KC, had repeatedly questioned witnesses about the competence of Ms Ellis, who Ms Letby had called the "new girl" in messages to colleagues.

The prosecutor said it was insinuated Ms Ellis was not qualified to be looking after Child C.

"It's trying to create in the impression in your minds that something was seriously wrong with the hospital," he said, adding: "It's gaslighting you, doing to you what Lucy Letby did to her colleagues."

Mr Johnson later turned to the evidence heard about Child G, who was transferred to the Countess of Chester Hospital from Wirral's Arrowe Park Hospital in mid-August 2015.

The court has heard she was "clinically stable" until 7 September, when she projectile vomited at about 02:00 BST.

The prosecution case has been that Ms Letby overfed Child G with milk through a nasogastric tube or injected air into the same tube and made two more attempts to kill her on 21 September.

Mr Johnson pointed the jury to what Dr Alison Ventress said about Child G.

The medic told the jury she saw blood-stained secretions coming from the vocal cords in the early hours of 7 September 2015.

"What caused the throat of an otherwise well baby to bleed?" Mr Johnson asked.

"It is a signature of many of her attacks on these babies."

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Military personnel from across the UK have been requested to take part in the 6 May coronation

More than 6,000 armed forces members will take part in King Charles's coronation, making it the largest military ceremonial operation in 70 years.

Personnel from across the UK and the Commonwealth will join processions in London.

Thousands of veterans have also been invited to watch the coronation from a special viewing platform on 6 May.

They will join NHS workers on a stand in front of Buckingham Palace.

The guests, invited by the Royal British Legion, will be given a special view of the coronation, including the processions and flypast.

The first procession will be smaller in scale, and will feature just under 200 members of the armed forces who will travel down the Mall to Trafalgar Square, before turning onto Whitehall where they will march to Westminster Abbey.

Flanking them on either side will be over 1,000 personnel from the Army, navy and RAF who will line the route.

The biggest event of the day will be the coronation procession, featuring nearly 4,000 personnel, which will see the King make the historic journey from Westminster Abbey to Buckingham Palace.

Outside of London, gun salutes will be sounded from firing stations in 13 locations including Edinburgh, Cardiff and Belfast at the moment the King is crowned.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said he was incredibly proud of our military personnel who were "preparing to honour centuries of military tradition".

"As they stand shoulder-to-shoulder with our Commonwealth friends and allies, I know the hard work of thousands of our servicemen and women during the past weeks and months will culminate in an incredible display that will amaze crowds at home and across the world."

Brit and Emmy-nominated composer Sarah Class has also been announced as the latest composer selected by the King to write music for the event.

Ms Class, who composed musical scores for Sir David Attenborough's natural world programmes and National Geographic documentaries, said she was "very honoured and privileged and excited" to have been chosen.

She joins eleven other musicians selected by the King, as well as Andrew Lloyd Webber, who will compose the coronation anthem.

The King has opted for a shorter, smaller and more diverse ceremony than the previous coronation held for his mother, Queen Elizabeth II.

More than 29,000 personnel took part in the 1953 coronation, including 16,100 members of the army.

The King, who is the commander-in-chief of the armed forces, served in the Royal Air Force and the Royal Navy for a total of five years.

Mystery surrounds the health of top Chechen commander Adam Delimkhanov (pictured in 2020) Image caption: Mystery surrounds the health of top Chechen commander Adam Delimkhanov (pictured in 2020)

And it's with that quick recap of some of today's key events that we'll close this live coverage.

The day started with news of an attack on Odesa, before our focus returned to Ukraine's ongoing counter-offensive. As the Nato chief put it a short time ago, it's "early days".
• Make sure your next destination is our report on the mystery surrounding a top Chechen commander fighting for Russia
• And look back on the relatively rare attack on Odesa by heading here

Thanks for following along with us today - you've been reading the words of Nicholas Yong, Ece Goksedef, Dulcie Lee, Emma Owen and me. Until next time.

Artificial-intelligence experts generally follow one of two schools of thought - it will either improve our lives enormously or destroy us all. And that is why this week's European Parliament debate on how the technology is regulated is so important. But how could AI be made safe? Here are five of the challenges ahead.

The European Parliament has taken two years to come up with a definition of an AI system - software that can "for a given set of human-defined objectives, generate outputs such as content, predictions, recommendations or decisions influencing the environments they interact with".

This week, it is voting on its Artificial Intelligence Act - the first legal rules of their kind on AI, which go beyond voluntary codes and require companies to comply.

Former UK Office for Artificial Intelligence head Sana Kharaghani points out the technology has no respect for borders.

"We do need to have international collaboration on this - I know it will be hard," she tells BBC News. "This is not a domestic matter. These technologies don't sit within the boundaries of one country

But there remains no plan for a global, United-Nations-style AI regulator - although, some have suggested it - and different territories have different ideas:

"If people trust it, then they'll use it," International Business Machines (IBM) Corporation EU government and regulatory affairs head Jean-Marc Leclerc says.

There are enormous opportunities for AI to improve people's lives in incredible ways. It is already:

But what about screening job applicants or predicting how likely someone is to commit crime?

The European Parliament wants the public informed about the risks attached to each AI product.

Companies that break its rules could be fined the greater of €30m or 6% of global annual turnover.

But can developers predict or control how their product might be used?

So far, AI has been largely self-policed.

The big companies say they are on board with government regulation - "critical" to mitigate the potential risks, according to Sam Altman, boss of ChatGPT creator OpenAI.

But will they put profits before people if they become too involved in writing the rules?

You can bet they want to be as close as possible to the lawmakers tasked with setting out the regulations.

And Lastminute.com founder Baroness Lane-Fox says it is important to listen not just to corporations.

"We must involve civil society, academia, people who are affected by these different models and transformations," she says.

Microsoft, which has invested billions of dollars in ChatGPT, wants it to "take the drudgery out of work".

It can generate human-like prose and text responses but, Mr Altman points out, is "a tool, not a creature".

Chatbots are supposed to make workers more productive.

And in some industries, AI has the capacity to create jobs and be a formidable assistant.

But others have already lost them - last month, BT announced AI would replace 10,000 jobs.

ChatGPT came into public use just over six months ago.

Now, it can write essays, plan people's holidays and pass professional exams.

The capability of these large-scale language models is growing at a phenomenal rate.

And two of the three AI "godfathers" - Geoffrey Hinton and Prof Yoshua Bengio - have been among those to warn the technology has huge potential for harm.

The Artificial Intelligence Act will not come into force until at least 2025 - "way too late", EU technology chief Margrethe Vestager says.

She is drawing up an interim voluntary code for the sector, alongside the US, which could be ready within weeks.

The rain warning is in place until 10:00 GMT on Thursday

Disruptive rain is forecast for Northern Ireland from this afternoon with a weather warning issued by the Met Office.

Travel disruption is expected as the rain becomes more persistent later on Wednesday.

It is due to last until later on Thursday morning, with between 20mm to 30mm of rain expected quite widely.

Some areas could see up to 40mm of rainfall accumulating during that period.

That is likely to lead to surface spray and flooding on roads before conditions improve from the west on Thursday.

The warning is in place from 14:00 GMT on Wednesday until 10:00 GMT on Thursday.

It comes after heavy snowfall last week caused major delays and disruptions across the country.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Met Office - Northern Ireland This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Silicon Valley pioneer and philanthropist Gordon Moore has died aged 94 in Hawaii.

Mr Moore started working on semiconductors in the 1950s and co-founded the Intel Corporation.

He famously predicted that computer processing powers would double every year - later revised to every two - an insight known as Moore's Law.

That "law" became the bedrock for the computer processor industry and influenced the PC revolution.

Two decades before the computer revolution began, Moore wrote in a paper that integrated circuits would lead "to such wonders as home computers - or at least terminals connected to a central computer - automatic controls for automobiles, and personal portable communications equipment".

He observed, in the 1965 article, that thanks to technological improvements the number of transistors on microchips had roughly doubled every year since integrated circuits were invented a few years earlier.

His prediction that this would continue became known as Moore's Law, and it helped push chipmakers to target their research to make this come true.

After Moore's article was published, memory chips became more efficient and less expensive at an exponential rate.

Mr Moore's article contained this cartoon, predicting a time when computers would be sold alongside other consumer goods

After earning his PhD, Moore joined the Fairchild Semiconductor laboratory which manufactured commercially viable transistors and integrated circuits.

The expansion of that company lay the groundwork for the transformation of the peninsula of land south of San Francisco into what is now known as Silicon Valley.

In 1968 Moore and Robert Noyce left Fairchild to start Intel.

Moore's work helped drive significant technological progress around the world and allowed for the advent of personal computers and Apple, Facebook and Google.

"All I was trying to do was get that message across, that by putting more and more stuff on a chip we were going to make all electronics cheaper," Moore said in a 2008 interview.

The Intel Corporation paid tribute to its co-founder, saying in a tweet: "we lost a visionary".

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Intel This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Intel's current CEO Pat Gelsinger said Gordon Moore had defined the technology industry through his insight and vision, and inspired technologists and entrepreneurs across the decades.

"He leaves behind a legacy that changed the lives of every person on the planet. His memory will live on.

"I am humbled to have known him," Mr Gelsinger said in a tweet.

Moore dedicated his later life to philanthropy, after starting a foundation with his wife Betty that focussed on environmental causes, known as the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation.

Among those causes included protecting the Amazon River basin and salmon streams in the US, Canada and Russia.

"Those of us who have met and worked with Gordon will forever be inspired by his wisdom, humility and generosity," the foundation's president Harvey Fineberg said.

In 2002, Moore received the Medal of Freedom - the highest civilian honour in the US - from President George W Bush.
• None Beyond the first law of computing

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Gary Lineker will return to present Match of the Day after he was taken off air amid an impartiality row following his criticism of the government's new asylum policy.

BBC director general Tim Davie said an independent review of BBC social media guidelines would be carried out - and denied the BBC had backed down.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said "it was right" the matter had been resolved.

But on Monday the BBC continued to face criticism from a range of sides.

Lineker said he supported the review and looked forward to getting back on air, describing the last few days as "surreal" and thanking people for their "incredible support".

But Tory backbench MP Philip Davies told the Mail Online the BBC's decision was a "pathetic capitulation" to Lineker and the "start of the end for the licence fee", while ex-cabinet minister Jacob Rees-Mogg also warned the "licence fee has passed its sell-by date".

Labour's shadow culture secretary Lucy Powell, meanwhile, said the return of Lineker was welcome, but "much bigger questions remain about the impartiality and independence of the BBC from government pressures".

Former BBC director-general Greg Dyke compared the row to "like a 5-0" win for Lineker and said he thought there was a public perception the government had bullied the broadcaster into removing the TV star, which was "very bad news" for the BBC.

Ex-BBC News executive Sir Craig Oliver, who went on to be a Downing Street communications chief under then-Prime Minister David Cameron, described the situation as "a total mess" and said it was the "wrong choice" to have asked Lineker to step back in the first place.

"The reality is the BBC today has announced it will have a review of its social media guidelines," he told the BBC. "In fact, it needs a review of how it handles crisis like these."

Sir Michael Lyons, a former BBC chairman under Labour, told BBC Newsnight: "It simply isn't possible for the BBC to be a champion of dissent in Russia and Hong Kong, and at the same time not leave space for dissent in this country."

He added there was "a big question about consistency in the way rules are applied" saying some BBC stars have been allowed to say things about the Labour Party, referring to a tweet by Lord Alan Sugar advising people not to vote for Jeremy Corbyn.

Former controller of BBC editorial policy Richard Ayre said rewriting guidelines was not straightforward and was "going to be a nightmare".

"Whatever emerges will be unsatisfactory to a significant number of people. It's inevitable."

Earlier, Davie insisted the decision to pull Lineker off air was about buying some time until the two sides could come to an agreement over his political tweets - and said that was exactly what had happened.

He said he took "proportionate action", adding: "We believe we did the right thing. I think I did the right thing."

When challenged by BBC media correspondent David Sillito on whether it was a climbdown by the BBC, he said: "I don't think so.

"I've always said, we needed to take proportionate action. For some people, by the way, we've taken too severe action... others think we're being too lenient."

In a separate statement on Monday, Davie apologised, saying: "Everyone recognises this has been a difficult period for staff, contributors, presenters and, most importantly, our audiences. I apologise for this."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. WATCH: The weekend of BBC football show chaos... in 90 seconds

The row began last week when, in a tweet, Lineker said the government's new Illegal Migration Bill was an "immeasurably cruel policy" and said the language used around it was "not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s".

His words were criticised by Conservative ministers, including the home secretary.

Lineker was told on Friday to step back from presenting Match of the Day until an agreement was reached. It triggered an unprecedented wave of walkouts from fellow pundits and commentators in solidarity with Lineker, which disrupted weekend football coverage across the BBC.

Sports presenter Mark Chapman - who did not present BBC Radio 5 Live's Saturday Coverage or Match of the Day 2 on Sunday on TV - returned to football radio show The Monday Night Club and apologised for the lack of service over the weekend.

He said it had been "miserable and difficult" for the staff involved and it was "disgusting and unfair" that the staff who did work on the weekend received abuse.

He added: "It is ironic in a row over impartiality we have all been seen to be taking sides, and I feel there are lessons to be learned by all involved."

BBC Scotland also had full coverage of Monday evening's Scottish cup tie between Falkirk and Ayr United after its programming was also limited over the weekend.

After his return to BBC TV was announced, Lineker tweeted: "However difficult the last few days have been, it simply doesn't compare to having to flee your home from persecution or war to seek refuge in a land far away.

"It's heartwarming to have seen the empathy towards their plight from so many of you. We remain a country of predominantly tolerant, welcoming and generous people."

The government's Illegal Migration Bill passed its first hurdle in the Commons by 312 votes to 250 on Monday night, with the majority of Tory MPs voting for the plans.

Lineker has hosted Match of the Day since 1999 and is the BBC's highest paid star, having earned about £1.35m in 2020-21. He is employed by the BBC on a freelance basis.

BBC employees are expected to remain impartial on political matters and must follow strict social media guidelines, but there is significant debate about how they should apply to staff outside of news.

Lineker said he backed the independent social media review which Davie said will have a "particular focus" on how the guidelines apply to freelancers outside news and current affairs.

"Shortly, the BBC will announce who will conduct that review," Davie said. "Between now and when the review reports Gary will abide by the editorial guidelines, that's where we are."

Lineker is expected to return to host Match of the Day's live coverage of the FA Cup quarter-final between Manchester City and Burnley on Saturday evening.

He is then set to front Sunday's live coverage of Grimsby Town at Brighton & Hove Albion on BBC One.

The row over Lineker's tweets also renewed questions over BBC chairman Richard Sharp. A review into Mr Sharp's appointment as BBC chairman is investigating whether he failed to properly disclose details of his involvement in the facilitation of an £800,000 loan guarantee for the then-prime minister Boris Johnson. He has denied any involvement in the arrangement of a loan for Mr Johnson.

Asked about Mr Sharp, Mr Sunak told the BBC: "He was appointed before I was prime minister through an independent process. And that process is also now being reviewed independently. It's right that we let that review complete."

Liberal Democrat leader Sir Ed Davey tweeted: "The BBC has made the right decision on Gary Lineker - now it's time for Rishi Sunak to do the right thing and sack Richard Sharp. The BBC needs a proper independent chair not a Johnson acolyte."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Stockton Rush III was born in California in 1962 into a family that made its fortune from oil and shipping.

Stockton Rush wanted to be known as an innovator. It didn't seem to matter how he did it.

Bright, driven, born into wealth, his dream was to be the first person to reach Mars.

When he realised that was unlikely to happen in his lifetime, he turned his attentions to the sea.

"I wanted to be Captain Kirk and in our lifetime, the final frontier is the ocean," he told a journalist in 2017.

The ocean promised adventure, adrenaline and mystery. He also believed it promised profits - if he could make a success of the submersible he helped design, which he directed his company OceanGate to build.

He had a maverick spirit that seemed to draw people in, earning him the admiration of his employees, passengers and investors.

"His passion was amazing and I bought into it," said Aaron Newman, who travelled on Mr Rush's Titan sub and eventually became an OceanGate investor.

But Mr Rush's soaring ambition also drew scrutiny from industry experts who warned he was cutting corners, putting innovation ahead of safety and risking potentially catastrophic results.

It wasn't something he was willing to accept.

Last week, he and four other people on board the Titan lost their lives when it imploded.

"You're remembered for the rules you break," Mr Rush once said, quoting US general Douglas MacArthur.

"I've broken some rules," he said about the Titan. "I think I've broken them with logic and good engineering behind me."

Stockton Rush III was born in California in 1962 into a family that made its fortune from oil and shipping.

He was sent to a prestigious boarding school, the Phillips Exeter Academy in New Hampshire, and went on to earn a bachelor's degree in aerospace engineering from Princeton University in 1984.

At 19, he became the youngest pilot in the world to qualify for jet transport rating, the highest pilot rating obtainable. He worked on F-15s and anti-satellite missile programmes, with the hope of eventually joining the US space programme and being an astronaut.

But eventually that ambition lost its appeal, as a trip to the Red Planet seemed increasingly out of reach.

"If someone would tell me what the commercial or military reason to go to Mars is, I would believe it's going to happen," Mr Rush told Fast Company magazine. "It's just a dream."

So he shifted his gaze downward and in 2009 founded OceanGate, a private company that offered customers - Mr Rush preferred the term "adventurers" - a chance to experience deep sea travel, including to the wreck of the Titanic.

Jessica Parker explores how the search for the Titan submersible unfolded and its devastating outcome.

The company, based in Everett in Washington state, was small and tight-knit. Rush would chair all-staff meetings at its headquarters, while his wife Wendy - another member of Princeton's class of 1984 - was his director of communications.

A junior employee who worked at OceanGate from 2017 to 2018, and asked not to be identified, said the company headquarters felt homey and lived-in, with wiring and equipment seemingly everywhere. "It was very free-flowing."

"He was just really passionate about what he was doing and very good at instilling that passion into everybody else that worked there," the employee told the BBC.

At one staff meeting, Mr Rush brought virtual reality goggles for everyone to take a digital underwater tour. Mr Rush told them that this is what they were aiming for - to allow more people to have this view. "This is the world I want," he told them.

Mr Rush was "not a leader from the back, telling people what to do - he led from the front", said Mr Newman, the investor.

Mr Newman went on the Titan with Mr Rush to see the wreck of the Titanic in the summer of 2021.

The first time they met, Mr Rush "spent hours" talking with him about the potential of exploring the bottom of the ocean.

Mr Rush "followed his own path", Mr Newman said.

Mr Newman's recollection of OceanGate was of a team that looked out for each other.

And Mr Rush's wife, Wendy, was "up at the top, looking over his shoulder, making sure that he was doing everything perfectly and not cutting corners or skipping things", he said.

Mr Newman was so taken by Mr Rush that he decided to invest in OceanGate. "You know, I didn't know if I'd ever see any return or not. That was not the point," he said.

"The point was to be part of something that's experimental and is breaking new ground, and pushing forward our technology, and how the world works, and going places and doing amazing things, that's what this is about."

Mr Newman described himself as a minor investor. As a private company, OceanGate is not obliged to publish all financial records. US financial records from January 2020 show that Mr Rush and his fellow directors sold a stake in the company worth $18m, thought to have been used to fund the development of Titan.

To recoup the costs, OceanGate's sub, "well-lit and comfortable," the company said, came with a price tag of $250,000 (£195,600) for an underwater trip.

Mr Rush's clients were uber-rich thrill seekers, willing to part with that sum for a once-in-a-lifetime adventure.

Las Vegas businessman Jay Bloom had been messaging Mr Rush about joining a dive, before finally turning down a seat for himself and his son on the fatal excursion.

He said the chance to see the wreck up close would have been a "bucket-list" experience. It was about being able to say "you did something very few people have the opportunity to do", he said.

Despite the large sums of money involved, OceanGate equipment sometimes had a home-made feel.

The former junior employee told the BBC he was surprised to find that Titan's electrical design included off-the-shelf development boards, as opposed to using a custom, in-house design like other engineering companies.

David Pogue, a CBS News journalist who joined Mr Rush on a trip to the Titanic wreck in 2021, said the chief executive drove the Titan with a game controller and used "rusty lead pipes from the construction industry as ballast".

Yet Mr Rush assured Mr Pogue that only thing that really mattered was the vessel's hull, built from an unusual and largely untested material for a deep sea vessel: carbon fibre, with titanium end plates.

Mr Rush knew carbon fibre was used successfully in yachts and aviation, and believed it would allow for his submersible to made more cheaply than industry-standard steels ones.

"There's a rule you don't do that," said Mr Rush in 2021. "Well, I did."

The tube shape of the Titan was also unusual. The hull of a deep-diving sub is usually spherical, which means it receives an equal amount of pressure at every point, but the Titan had a cylinder-shaped cabin. OceanGate gave it sensors to analyse the effects of changing pressure as it descended.

The glass viewport, from which passengers could see out, was only certified down to 1,300m, far short of the depths of the ocean floor where the Titantic wreck lay.

Rob McCallum, an explorer who acted as a consultant for OceanGate, became concerned when Mr Rush decided against getting official certification for the submersible.

Subs can be certified or "classed" by marine organisations, like the American Bureau of Shipping or Lloyd's Register, meaning the vehicle must meet certain standards on things like stability, strength, safety and performance. But this process is not mandatory.

In emails to Mr Rush in March 2018, seen by BBC News, Mr McCallum said: "You are wanting to use a prototype un-classed technology in a very hostile place. As much as I appreciate entrepreneurship and innovation, you are potentially putting an entire industry at risk.

"4,000m down in the mid-Atlantic is not the kind of place you can cut corners."

Mr Rush, apparently indignant, responded that he was "tired of industry players who try to use a safety argument to stop innovation".

Safety was "about culture, not paperwork", he said. He talked of needing "sensible design, extensive testing, and informed consent of the participants", but said a piece of paper did not guarantee the safety of a sub.

While he admitted deviating from some guidelines, such as "overly conservative" viewport limits, he argued the Titan's safety systems were "way beyond" anything else in use.

He wrote: "I know that our engineering focused, innovative approach (as opposed to an existing standards compliance-focused design process) flies in the face of the submersible orthodoxy, but that is the nature of innovation."

The tense exchange ended after OceanGate's lawyers threatened legal action, Mr McCallum said.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: OceanGate boss Stockton Rush on his passion for the seas - and for taking risks

But Mr McCallum was not the only person linked to the company to speak out about safety.

Just a few months earlier, former OceanGate employee David Lochridge raised concerns in an inspection report which identified "numerous issues that posed serious safety concerns", including how the hull had been tested.

Also in 2018, the Marine Technology Society sent a letter to OceanGate accusing it of making misleading claims about its design exceeding established industry safety standards, and warned that OceanGate's "experimental" approach could result in "negative outcomes (from minor to catastrophic)".

In a blog post in 2019, Mr Rush insisted that the majority of marine accidents were down to operator error. He said OceanGate took safety requirements very seriously, but that keeping an outside body informed on every modification before it was tested in a real-word setting was "anathema to rapid innovation".

The former employee told the BBC that while he had worked at OceanGate, he had felt confident in Mr Rush's commitment to safety.

"Rush was very level-headed, he knew what needed to be done," he said. "He went on every sub dive, he was the pilot for every single one, and that's because he trusted the safety of the sub."

Mr Newman told the BBC the sub might not have been certified, but it was tested extensively. Mr Rush "introduced new ideas and new pieces that are not conventional, and some people don't like that", he said.

"The idea that this is something that's unique and Stockton did something wrong is disingenuous," he said.

Mr Rush himself told CBS reporter Mr Pogue last year that "if you just want to be safe, don't get out of bed".

"Don't get in your car. Don't do anything. At some point, you're going to take some risk, and it really is a risk-reward question. I think I can do this just as safely by breaking the rules," he said.

The question is why despite other successful dives, the sub's final trip ended in tragedy, Mr Newman said.

"Clearly, the pressure hull gave way, right? And the question is, why would that give way?"

Guillermo Söhnlein, a co-founder of OceanGate and Rush's former business partner, said he would not have taken a different approach himself.

"The human submersible community globally is very small, and we all know each other, and I think generally we all respect each other's opinions.

"The bottom line is that everyone's got different opinions on how subs should be designed," said Mr Söhnlein.

After his son also raised fears about the sub, Jay Bloom declined Mr Rush's invitation.

"I am sure he really believed what he was saying," Mr Bloom said. "But he was very wrong."

Deputy first minister John Swinney has revealed that he repeatedly tried to leave the Scottish government over the last seven years.

Mr Swinney told the BBC that Nicola Sturgeon "wouldn't countenance" his offers to make way in 2016 and 2021.

He also came "incredibly close" to resigning over the controversial system of exam moderation during the pandemic.

Ms Sturgeon said she had always done everything in her power to keep Mr Swinney in government.

The first minister described her long-serving deputy as "the most important person in my adult life outside my husband and family".

The pair will stand down together next week after 16 years in power, following the election of a new SNP leader.

They have been speaking to the Nicola Sturgeon podcast - a new series starting on BBC Sounds on Monday 27 March.

The first episode tells the inside story of the first minister's sudden resignation.

Mr Swinney said he became "pretty certain" Ms Sturgeon was set to leave about a week before her announcement.

However, he had started to wonder about her thinking at Christmas, when he told the first minister he intended to leave government when his spell as acting finance secretary was over.

Ms Sturgeon apparently did not challenge his decision, as she had done on previous occasions.

When Mr Swinney offered to stand down after the Scottish Parliament elections in 2016 and 2021 he said "she basically wouldn't countenance me leaving government".

That was confirmed by Ms Sturgeon, who said that whenever her deputy raised the possibility of leaving she had "done everything in my power to talk him out of it".

Asked about what impact Mr Swinney's decision had on her, the first minister said she may already have been starting to wrestle with her own future.

"If you'd said to me then that come the middle of February you're going to be announcing your resignation, I would have said, don't be ridiculous," she said.

"But looking back on it, I think subconsciously I was already grappling with that, and maybe in my response to John there was a sense of what deep down inside maybe I knew was coming for me as well."

Mr Swinney felt he should resign during a row over exam grades during the Covid pandemic

Ms Sturgeon has relied heavily on Mr Swinney over her years in power and once again rejected his offer to resign during the 2020 exams debacle.

As education secretary, Mr Swinney approved a system of moderation that resulted in some pupils being downgraded based on the historic performance of their school.

The system was widely considered to be unfair to those from more deprived areas and was eventually scrapped with students receiving the grades their teachers recommended instead.

"I persuaded the first minister that was the right thing to do, and it turned out to be the wrong thing to do," he said.

"I came incredibly close to resigning. Very, very close because I felt I had made a mistake.

"l remember reading a comment which said surely the kids in Scotland could have been given a break, because everything else has been turned upside down. And I thought, that's your mistake mate, you should own it."

Mr Swinney said he "took a bit of persuading", but that Ms Sturgeon convinced him to stay in post to deliver changes to the system.

He later survived an opposition attempt to oust him in a vote of no confidence at Holyrood over the row.

John Swinney and Nicola Sturgeon are both heading for the back benches

Ms Sturgeon defended him in that debate and has paid a warm tribute to him as they prepare to leave government. In a personal statement at Holyrood on Thursday, she described Swinney as "the best deputy first minister and the best friend" she could have had in office.

Separately, she told the BBC "the most important person in my adult life outside my husband and family is actually John Swinney".

The first minister said she realised that to be the case when they sat down together after she gave evidence to the Holyrood committee investigating the Scottish government's mishandling of complaints against the former first minister, Alex Salmond.

In the past, Ms Sturgeon had described Mr Salmond - her friend and mentor of 30 years - in similar terms.

She has revised that assessment after the spectacular breakdown in their relationship in 2018.

You can subscribe to the Nicola Sturgeon podcast on BBC Sounds now. Episode 1: The Resignation is available from Monday 27 March.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Harrowing video shows people holding on to aircon units as hospital burns

Twelve people have been detained by police for questioning after a hospital fire in Beijing killed at least 29, most of them patients.

The fire, among the deadliest in recent years, broke out in Changfeng Hospital at about 13:00 local time on Tuesday.

Angry and concerned relatives rushed to the hospital hours later, only learning of the fire from local news reports.

"Seven or eight hours have passed and I didn't even receive a call," one relative told China Youth Daily.

Many said they spent the night trying to locate loved ones. Those who were rescued have now been shifted to other hospitals for treatment.

Speaking at a press conference on Wednesday, officials said a preliminary investigation showed that sparks generated during renovation works had ignited paint stored on site.

Among those detained are the director and deputy director of the hospital, as well as the head of the firm overseeing the renovation works.

Footage on social media showed patients jumping out of windows to flee as dense smoke billowed out of the building. A talking drone urged trapped patients to "stay calm and wait [to be] rescued". Some were seen balancing on external air conditioning units as they waited to be rescued.

Local media reported that firefighters evacuated about 70 people and put out the flames within an hour of arriving.

But relatives of those who were being treated at Changfeng were furious with the hospital management.

They said even eight hours later, hospital officials were unable to provide the names of those who had been injured or had died.

"Just tell me if the patient is dead or alive," a relative told local media. "How can the person just disappear out of thin air? Neither the nurses nor doctors picked up their phones. My elderly relative doesn't have a phone on him."

Reports suggest that most patients at the hospital were elderly, and some had undergone amputation surgeries, which made them less mobile.

Chinese social media users also criticised the lack of reporting on the incident for most of Tuesday.

Eyewitness accounts started emerging in the early afternoon, but many of these posts were taken down, according to FreeWeibo, a platform that monitors content on microblogging site Weibo that has been censored or deleted.

"What's shocking is not only the loss of lives, but also the terrible silence of media outlets which were but spectators of the incident. The official announcements we read leave out the enormous grief caused by the disaster," wrote a Weibo user.

"The media used to serve a watchdog role, to point out social ills. But what about today? What is the media today?"

Darya Dugina was vocal in her support for the Russian government over the invasion of Ukraine

The daughter of a close ally of Russia's President Vladimir Putin has been killed in a suspected car bombing.

Darya Dugina, 29, died after an explosion on a road outside Moscow, Russia's investigative committee said.

It is thought her father, the Russian philosopher Alexander Dugin, who is known as "Putin's brain", may have been the intended target of the attack.

Mr Dugin is a prominent ultra-nationalist ideologue who is believed to be close to the Russian president.

Alexander Dugin and his daughter had been at a festival near Moscow, where the philosopher gave a lecture on Saturday evening.

The "Tradition" festival describes itself as a family event for art lovers which takes place at the Zakharovo estate, where Russian poet Alexander Pushkin once stayed.

The pair were due to leave the venue in the same car, before Mr Dugin reportedly made a decision at the last minute to travel separately.

Footage posted on Telegram appears to show Mr Dugin watching in shock as emergency services arrive at the scene of the burning wreck of a vehicle.

Investigators confirmed that Ms Dugina, who was driving the car, died at the scene near the village of Bolshiye Vyazemy.

They said an explosive device planted under the car went off and the vehicle caught fire. Forensic and explosive experts are investigating.

A Ukrainian official has dismissed accusations of Ukrainian involvement in the incident.

"Ukraine, of course, has nothing to do with this, because we are not a criminal state, which is the Russian Federation, and even less a terrorist state," said Mykhailo Podolyak, an adviser to President Volodymyr Zelensky.

Maria Zakharova, spokeswoman for Russia's foreign ministry, said in a Telegram post that if any Ukrainian link was found it would amount to "state terrorism".

While Alexander Dugin is not a state official himself, he is nevertheless a symbolic figure in Russian politics.

His anti-Western, ultranationalist philosophy has become the dominant political ideology in Russia and has helped shape President Putin's expansionist foreign policy, most prominently on Ukraine.

Attention will now turn to who was behind this attack. Denis Pushilin, the "head" of the self-declared pro-Russian "Donetsk People's Republic", has already laid the blame on Ukraine, writing on Telegram: "Vile villains! The terrorists of the Ukrainian regime, trying to eliminate Alexander Dugin, blew up his daughter… In a car. We cherish the memory of Daria, she is a real Russian girl!"

Incidents like this will make officials in Moscow nervous, especially in the aftermath of a series of explosions and attacks in occupied Crimea and in Russian regions near the border with Ukraine.

Kremlin propaganda consistently stresses how Vladimir Putin has brought security and stability in Russia following the turbulent 1990s, when car bombs and assassinations were commonplace. This car bomb in the Russian capital undermines that narrative.

Despite not holding an official position in government, Alexander Dugin is believed to be a close ally of the Russian president and has even been branded "Putin's Rasputin".

Darya Dugina was herself a prominent journalist who vocally supported the invasion of Ukraine.

Earlier this year she was sanctioned by US and UK authorities, who accused her of contributing to online "disinformation" about Russia's invasion.

In May, she described the war as a "clash of civilisations" in an interview and expressed pride in the fact that both she and her father had been targeted by Western sanctions.

Russian investigators at the scene of the vehicle explosion

Alexander Dugin was sanctioned by the US in 2015 for his alleged involvement in Russia's annexation of Crimea.

His writings are said to have had a deep influence on Mr Putin and the philosopher is regarded as a chief architect of the ultra-nationalist ideology endorsed by many in the Kremlin.

For years, Mr Dugin has called on Moscow to assert itself more aggressively on the global stage and has supported Russian military action in Ukraine.

Last updated on .From the section Man City

Manchester City striker Erling Haaland has broken the record for most goals in a Premier League season.

The Norwegian scored his 35th league goal of the campaign against West Ham to move past Alan Shearer and Andrew Cole's previous best of 34.

Haaland had already set a record for a 38-game season, beating Mohamed Salah's 32 goals for Liverpool in 2017-18.

"It's a special night and a special moment. I'm really happy and proud," Haaland told Sky Sports.

The 22-year-old has another five games to add to his tally.

"It feels amazing and I'm really happy and I'm also happy for the three points," he told BBC Match of the Day. "In the end that's what matters and I'm happy.

"Yeah, it's going well and now it's time to focus on game by game. I've said this for a long time and that's what the team is doing. The team is so good and I'm happy."

Haaland's 35th top-flight goal of the season came via a deft finish in the second half of a 3-0 win against the Hammers that sent City back to the top of the league.

He was given a guard of honour by his team-mates, boss Pep Guardiola and the club's backroom staff after the final whistle at Etihad Stadium.

"I've not seen it before either," Haaland added. "It was a nice feeling scoring that goal, it always is.

"It was painful when everyone hit me on the back in the guard of honour."
• None Haaland quiz - how many record-breaking moments do you remember?

Cole's 34 goals for Newcastle in 1993-94 were matched by Shearer as he fired Blackburn to the title the following year but there were 22 teams in the top flight in both seasons, giving them an extra four matches to play - Shearer started all 42 in his record season, while Cole missed two in his.

Haaland, in his debut season in English football, has set the new marker in just his 31st game of the year.

His 35 goals are also the most by a player in a single campaign in the English top division since Ron Davies scored 37 for Southampton in 1966-67. Dixie Dean holds the record with 60 in 39 games for Everton in 1927-28.

'Greatest striker the Premier League has ever seen' - reaction

Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola, speaking to BBC Sport: "Incredible. He's just 22 - and still has five games left. How many games I made the substitution after a hat-trick in 60 minutes, maybe he'd have scored more. But maybe he'd have got injured. He's special. Congratulations to him.

"We expected him to score goals but to break Cole and Shearer records ... I'm pretty sure what he wants is to win the Premier League."

More from Guardiola, speaking to Sky Sports: "It's unbelievable. How many important goals he's scored to win games, we are so satisfied.

"He's a unique person and he's so special. He deserved the guard of honour because it's an incredible milestone. Another day he might break his own record. He's scored a lot of goals!"

Shearer, writing on Twitter: "Couldn't have wanted it to go to a nicer guy. It's only taken 28 years!!!! He's the best."

Former Manchester City defender Micah Richards on Sky Sports: "Honestly, Erling Haaland is absolutely incredible. Astonishing scenes from a top, top individual.

"This is his debut season - to do what's he has done is absolutely breathtaking."

Manchester City defender Nathan Ake, speaking to Sky Sports: "It's crazy. The way he came in and does this every day. He deserves everything he gets, he works so hard and he's a top player."

Former Everton striker Kevin Campbell on BBC Radio 5 Live: "I think there are things he can improve. He has the thing that every striker needs: he can finish.

"He is the missing piece to what Pep Guardiola is trying to do. He wants the Champions League. They haven't had the person up top that was going to take those chances. They have him now."

BBC commentator Vicki Sparks on BBC Radio 5 Live: "He is quite simply, for this season, the greatest striker the Premier League has ever seen. Fifty-one goals in a season in all competitions and you just wonder what records he will go on and break, now he sets his sights on that held by Dixie Dean for Everton, who is the only player to have scored more goals in a single season as a top-flight player in England.

"The numbers, quite simply, are extraordinary."

Former Republic of Ireland striker Clinton Morrison on BBC Radio 5 Live: "Erling Haaland deserves it. His first season in the Premier League, breaking all kinds of records. In the second half he was the big difference."

Former England midfielder Karen Carney on Sky Sports: "It's quite unbelievable and Erling Haaland is so humble, he almost can't believe it. He was quite shy going through that tunnel of team-mates at the end.

"It's an unbelievable achievement and what a player. His movement is just different class."
• None Our coverage of your Premier League club is bigger and better than ever before - here's everything you need to know to make sure you never miss a moment

The Commonwealth Games Federation (CGF) says it is "considering multiple proposals" to host the event in 2026, amid continued uncertainty over its long-term future. Last week, Singapore joined Malaysia in ruling out a bid, after the Australian state of Victoria withdrew as the original host in July because of rising costs. However, in its first public statement since the news, the CGF said "significant progress had been made", and it was "excited by the early concepts, which aim to reset and reframe the Games". It claimed it was working with a number of Commonwealth Games Associations (CGAs) over "further detailed assessments", with an aim to announce a host in May. It did not identify which countries were involved, saying the CGAs had asked to keep the proposals confidential. "The CGF continues to accelerate work to refresh the Games… including exploring innovative new concepts," it said. "Importantly, we have been focusing on how we can transform the Games to a collaborative and truly sustainable model, minimising costs and reducing its environmental footprint, whilst increasing social impact."

Last month, Malaysia rejected an offer to step in and host the 2026 Games, despite being offered £100m by the CGF as supporting funds, with its sports ministry claiming it would not cover the overall cost of staging the event. The Games was also left out of a list of 70 major events that UK Sport said it wanted Britain to host in the next 15 years, with the funding agency questioning the value it offered in its current format. The 2022 Games in Birmingham cost almost £780m, with the city council and local partners contributing about £180m. The event generated record ticket sales for a Commonwealth Games of 1.5 million, but last year a former adviser to Birmingham City Council said that hosting the event was a mistake. Scrutiny has intensified after the council confirmed in February that it would raise council tax by 21% over the next two years amid budget savings after declaring itself effectively bankrupt.

However, the Department of Culture, Media and Sport says that a new evaluation report has found that the 2022 Games contributed almost £1.2bn to the UK economy, with almost half of that in the West Midlands. It says a surplus of £70m has been reinvested in the region as part of a Legacy Enhancement Fund, and the event boosted regeneration. Birmingham stepped in after the South African city of Durban was stripped of hosting rights in 2017 after missing key deadlines. A host for the 2030 Commonwealth Games is also yet to be confirmed after the government of Alberta, Canada withdrew its support for a bid.

The rate of price rises at UK supermarkets hit a new high in the year to May due to coffee, chocolate and non-food goods.

The British Retail Consortium (BRC) and NielsenIQ said that the overall rate of inflation at grocers reached 9%.

While prices for fresh food have fallen marginally, the cost of commodities such as coffee and cocoa has jumped.

The government is in talks about asking supermarkets to cap prices on food items to help with the cost of living.

An agreement, which would be voluntary, would limit the cost of basic foods such as bread and milk.

But the BRC has dismissed caps, stating the government should focus on cutting red tape so resources could be "directed to keeping prices as low as possible", as opposed to "recreating 1970s-style price controls".

On Monday, Sainsbury's cut the cost of more than 40 of its own-brand products including cheese, yoghurt and cream.

"Whenever we are paying less for the products we buy from our suppliers, we will pass those savings on to customers," said Rhian Bartlett, its food commercial director.

The BRC and NielsenIQ figures, covering the week between 1 and 6 May, show that overall food inflation ticked lower from 15.7% in the year to April to 15.4%.

Despite the fall, the figure is the second highest rate of food inflation on record.

A decline in the rate of price rises does not mean food costs have fallen, it simply means they are going up at a slower pace.

Meanwhile, the pace of price rises for non-food goods grew from 5.5% in the year to April to 5.8% in May.

This is despite supermarkets making "heavy discounts" on goods such as footwear, books and home entertainment, according to Helen Dickinson, chief executive of the BRC.

Fresh produce showed a slowdown in price rises, from 17.8% to 17.2% in May.

In April, supermarkets cut the price of milk by 5p, taking cost of a pint to 90p. However, that is still almost double pre-Covid prices in March 2020.

Price growth for ambient foods - which are goods that can be stored at room temperature - rose in the year to May from 12.9% to 13.1%. It is the fastest increase on ambient foods prices on record, said the BRC and NielsenIQ.

Ms Dickinson said: "The price of chocolate and coffee rose off the back of the ongoing high global costs for these commodities."

Last week, official figures showed that the overall headline rate of inflation had fallen sharply to 8.7% in April - the first time it fell under 10% since August.

However, the drop was less than economists and investors had expected after grocery price rises remained close to the highest rate in 45 years.

It is also still more than four times the Bank of England's 2% target rate of inflation. The Bank has lifted interest rates 12 times in a row to 4.5% in an attempt to calm price rises.

But following the higher-than-expected figure for April, some analysts speculated that interest rates could reach 5.5% by the end of the year.

Food production costs have risen due to a number of factors including the cost of energy which rose following the end of Covid lockdowns, which pushed up demand, as well as Russia's attack on Ukraine.

Russia, which is a major oil and gas producer, was hit with sanctions.

Ukraine - known as the breadbasket of Europe - is one of the biggest exporters of grain in the world and has seen shipments severely disrupted because of the war.

Adverse weather conditions in some parts of Europe and Africa also impacted some fresh vegetables earlier this year, leading to supermarkets introducing customer limits on sales of peppers, tomatoes and cucumber.

Wholesale gas prices have started to drop but retailers claim that falling production costs take time to filter through to supermarket shelves due to the long-term contracts they typically sign with food producers.

Mike Watkins, head of retailer and business insight at NielsenIQ, said: "Food retailing in particular is competitive, so hopefully the recent price cuts in fresh foods is a sign that inflation has now peaked, albeit ambient inflation may take a little while longer to slow."

Michael Donnelly, pictured in Belfast on Tuesday, said the police apology was 50 years too late

One of the "Hooded Men", Michael Donnelly, has said he does not accept a police apology over his treatment.

Mr Donnelly was one of 14 men arrested in 1971 during internment without trial and questioned by the police and Army.

Two years ago the Supreme Court ruled that the techniques they were subjected to would be characterised as torture by today's standards.

The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) made a formal apology to the surviving Hooded Men on Tuesday.

The public apology came a day after the death of one of the men, Joe Clarke, at the age of 71.

The apology had been hand delivered to Mr Clarke by his solicitor on Thursday, four days before he died.

Mr Donnelly, who is from Londonderry, told BBC Radio Foyle's The North West Today programme that the apology is "50 years too late" for him and he said that it personally feels "fairly meaningless".

"I do not accept it - not at all," Mr Donnelly said.

During their detention, the Hooded Men said they were forced to listen to constant loud static noise; deprived of sleep, food and water; forced to stand in stress positions; and beaten if they fell.

The men also said they were hooded and thrown from helicopters a short distance off the ground, having been told they were hundreds of feet in the air.

PSNI Det Ch Supt Ian Saunders said the police had issued the apology for the "actions and omissions of police officers involved in their treatment whilst in police custody in 1971".

"The police service recognises the significant step taken today in issuing this apology," he said.

"It is our view this was the right thing to do to help give the Hooded Men and their families recognition about how they were treated," he added.

Some of the Hooded Men and families gathered after the announcement was made

Mr Donnelly described the ordeal of being placed into a helicopter with his hands tied behind his back and being told that he was going to be pushed out from a great height over a body of water.

He also described at one stage thinking he was going to die during his detention after being severely beaten by his captors.

"I was trying to survive literally by the second, you could barely breathe at times when you were wearing the hood," he said.

"Sometimes I thought I was going to survive and then other times I thought I was going to die."

Mr Donnelly said he does not see why he should forgive anyone for his treatment.

The Hooded Men case has been the subject of multiple legal actions in the UK and Europe for decades.

In 1976, the European Commission of Human Rights ruled that the five techniques used on the men amounted to torture.

This ruling was later referred to by the European Court of Human Rights in 1978, which held that the UK had carried out inhuman and degrading treatment, but fell short of defining it as torture.

In 2019, Lord Chief Justice Sir Declan Morgan, Northern Ireland's most senior judge, said their treatment "would, if it occurred today, properly be characterised as torture".

In 2021, the Supreme Court issued their ruling that the men's treatment would be characterised as torture by today's standards.

On Tuesday, a spokesperson for the UK government said it acknowledged "the pain and suffering felt by so many during the Troubles".

"There are several ongoing legal proceedings in relation to this incident, and therefore it would be inappropriate to comment further at this stage," the spokesperson said.

A criminal investigation has been launched into the death of an elderly woman who was struck by police escorting the Duchess of Edinburgh.

Helen Holland, 81, was hit by a police motorbike at a junction in Earl's Court, west London, on 10 May.

The police watchdog said the constable riding the vehicle was being investigated for offences including causing death by dangerous driving.

It will then decide whether to refer the case for potential charges.

Ms Holland suffered serious injuries in the crash and died two weeks later having suffered "multiple broken bones and massive internal injuries", according to her son.

Buckingham Palace said the Duchess of Edinburgh was "deeply saddened" by Ms Holland's death

In addition to causing death by dangerous driving, the officer is being investigated for causing death by careless or inconsiderate driving, as well as potential gross misconduct, the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) said.

However, it does not necessarily mean that charges or disciplinary proceedings will follow.

IOPC director Amanda Rowe said it was crucial a "thorough, independent investigation" was carried out "to establish the full circumstances, which will include the actions and decision making of the officer under investigation".

"At the end of our investigation, we will decide whether to refer the matter to the Crown Prosecution Service for a charging decision and whether the officer should face disciplinary proceedings," she said.

Buckingham Palace previously said the duchess was "deeply saddened" by Ms Holland's death and had sent her "deepest condolences" to her family.

A spokesperson for the Met Police said: "We are aware that the IOPC has launched a criminal investigation in relation to the actions of an MPS officer involved in a fatal collision at West Cromwell Road, on Wednesday, 10 May.

"We continue to fully support the IOPC as they work to establish the facts around this incident.

"The officer is currently on restricted duties."

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Mary Withey's home was demolished on Sunday morning, making it the second of three to be removed

Two more homes close to the cliff edge in Norfolk have been demolished amid fears they would fall into the sea.

Residents left their chalets in The Marrams in Hemsby on Friday after the sandy cliffs beneath them eroded.

Some of the properties were within 1m (3.2ft) of the cliff edge.

A third property was pulled down on Saturday after several outbuildings were lost to the sea during high tide on Friday night.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. It took just a few hours to bring the first Hemsby property to the ground on Saturday

Nicolette, who was passing by as the second of the three homes was being pulled down, described it as "brutal" and said it was an "emotional experience" watching it.

She said: "People lived there, they enjoyed their times there and to see what coastal erosion is doing to not only the nature, the environment, but people's lives is really sad."

Trevor, who was with her, added: "I guess these people have seen it coming slowly for a number of years but it's happened so much quicker than people ever expected."

Sue, whose property was the first to be taken down, said it was "soul destroying".

Along with her neighbours, she spent Saturday morning hurriedly packing up her belongings before the demolition teams moved in.

Sue said she wished more could have been done to save her home of three years.

Sue, who did not want to give her surname, said watching her home being demolished was "soul destroying"

Watching her house being destroyed with her head in her hands, she said: "We've got some very happy memories there because it's got lovely energy to it, lovely atmosphere."

The demolition work is taking place on the north side of Hemsby gap in the direction of Winterton-on-Sea. The gap is a break in the dunes used by the lifeboat crew to access the beach.

Ms Withey said she felt "very sad" about the situation

Mary Withey was not there to witness her home being demolished on Sunday morning.

She said on Saturday that she and her partner "had got what we can" before the teams moved in.

"I'm not OK with it, it's been my home, I don't want to move... it's very sad," said Ms Withey, who lived in her house for four years.

Rob Eastaff, head of demolition, said other properties were at risk

Now all three homes have been demolished, a clean-up operation will take place on Monday.

All the materials will be taken to recycling centres, Rob Eastaff, head of demolition at the site, said.

The 50-year-old said it was "not pleasant" demolishing the homes, especially because he remembered going over the dunes to get to the beach as a 10-year-old boy.

He said to see the erosion that had happened over the past 40 years was a "terrible" thing.

Other properties are currently at risk, "but at the moment we are only engaged in these three", he added.

The two homes taken down on Sunday were on the eroded dunes on the north side of the gap

Lance Martin's property on the south side of the gap is one of those still at risk.

Mr Martin, who has lived there for almost six years, rebuilt what he described as his "dream home" after dragging it back further in-land.

After this weekend, however, he said there was less than 1m left at the back of his house.

He had hoped to move it again but there was uncertainty over whether his home could be saved.

Lance Martin has already moved his home further in-land

Mr Martin's property is teetering on the cliff edge

Jane Beck, head of property and asset management at Great Yarmouth Borough Council, said it was "extremely sad" for those involved.

"We're trying to do everything we possibly can to help them through that process," Ms Beck said.

The beach and surrounding area at Hemsby should be avoided, she added, and she urged people to stay away for their own safety.

The homes are being demolished before they fall into the sea

The only access road to properties on the Marrams has also been cordoned off and is expected to collapse.

Daniel Hurd, coxswain with the Hemsby lifeboat crew, said measures should have been put in place earlier

Great Yarmouth Borough Council's chief executive, Sheila Oxtoby, said the authority was looking to bring some rock on to the beach to protect the road access to a number of other properties as a "temporary solution".

It is understood 1,900 tonnes of granite are due to arrive on Wednesday.

Hemsby Lifeboat coxswain Daniel Hurd, however, said the current situation could have been resolved earlier.

He said: "I just think it's absolutely ridiculous, this has been an emergency for years and it's taken this weekend for them to see it's an emergency to then get a rock berm put on the beach."

But the council said it was a "real minefield of making sure that what local government and the authorities do is the correct line of procedure".

Hemsby, near Great Yarmouth, is home to about 3,000 people and was once home to a Pontins holiday camp.

Seven bungalows along The Marrams had to be demolished when sandy cliffs washed away in March 2018 and, in December 2013, "the worst storm surge in 60 years", destroyed seven homes.

Do you live in the area? How have you been affected by any issues raised here? You can share your experience by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Find BBC News: East of England on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. If you have a story suggestion email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Glen Sannox and Hull 802 are still being completed at Ferguson Marine shipyard

Ministers will continue funding the construction of a second ferry at Ferguson shipyard despite it being cheaper to build a new ship elsewhere.

Economy Secretary Neil Gray said a review had found finishing the ship, known as Hull 802, did not represent value for money in "narrow" terms.

But he said completing the vessel at the nationalised yard was the fastest way of delivering more ferry capacity.

Pulling the plug would also threaten jobs and the wider economy, he added.

Mr Gray has issued a rarely-used ministerial direction to overrule the financial test.

Two CalMac ferries were ordered in 2015 when Ferguson Marine was owned by Jim McColl, a pro-independence businessman who had rescued the Port Glasgow yard from administration a year earlier.

The build soon ran into trouble - and the ships are now more than £200m overbudget and six years late. Mr McColl and the government-owned ferry procurement agency CMAL blame each other for the problems.

The current boss of the shipyard - which was nationalised in 2019 - now expects the first ship, Glen Sannox, to be delivered this autumn, followed by the as-yet unnamed Hull 802 in the late summer of 2024.

Mr Gray told MSPs that a "due diligence" review of requests for additional funding had found that completing Glen Sannox at the yard was the "cheapest option open to ministers".

But he continued: "The case for vessel 802 is more challenging - and I have accepted the judgement of the Scottish government accountable officer that the narrow value for money case has not been made."

Neil Gray said the value of completing Hull 802 could not be viewed in "narrow" monetary terms

The minister, however, said it was important to look at wider considerations including the impact on the shipyard, the wider community and national resilience.

"These are not matters that can be taken into account in a pure value for money exercise but clearly they are matters of the utmost importance," he said.

While the value for money assessment had concluded it could be cheaper to procure a new ferry elsewhere, that would lead to significant delays, as it could not be deployed before at least May 2027, he said.

"I do not consider it acceptable for our island communities to wait this further period," he said.

The repeated delays in the delivery of Glen Sannox and Hull 802 have had a major impact on the resilience of the ageing CalMac fleet, which has been hit by frequent breakdowns and soaring maintenance costs.

Last year a BBC Scotland documentary - The Great Ferries Scandal - presented evidence that the procurement process may have been rigged in favour of Ferguson Marine.

The investigation also questioned the quality of the design presented by Ferguson, even though it was given top marks by CMAL's evaluators. CMAL has denied any impropriety.

Mr Gray told MSPs he could not rule out further increases in costs for the two ferries because the shipyard was facing inflationary pressures and was still discovering "design gaps", some of which dated back many years.

Scottish Labour MSP Alex Rowley said what was missing from Mr Gray's statement was an apology.

"An apology to the islanders who have been so badly let down, an apology to the workers at Ferguson who have been so badly let down - and ultimately an apology to the people of Scotland for outrageous mismanagement of public funds," he said.

For the Scottish Conservatives, Graham Simpson said: "The building of ferries 801 and 802 has been a shambles from start to finish.

"In fact, shambles is not a strong enough word. It has been a scandal."

By his opponents' calculation, Neil Gray is the eighth minister to take responsibility for the CalMac ferry-building contract at Ferguson shipyard. He must hope he'll be the last, but he's off to a difficult start.

"Due diligence" is business-speak for checking out the prospects, liabilities and risks. Now complete, the cabinet secretary's admission that the second of the ferries no longer provides value for money is embarrassing, and a hostage to further misfortune.

Convention requires that a civil service "accountable officer" can be held responsible for releasing government funds, and must be able to tell auditors that spending provides value for money.

Following that due diligence, Gregor Irwin, the director-general for economy in the Scottish government, cannot do that on the second hull. So he has written to his political boss, Neil Gray, saying he will have to give written permission to over-ride that rule. It's a way of saying: "No minister, you're on your own with this."

Mr Gray has done so, wanting to give the shipyard a chance to succeed after this calamitous contract. Admitting defeat would surely sink the yard, and lose 340 jobs. Further contracts will require further investment, so the Scottish government is now considering the use of even more scarce public funds.

Former business minister Ivan McKee also hinted at discussions he must know something about, on selling the yard or entering a joint venture with a private company which could deploy it for the renewable energy boom.

The risk to jobs on the Clyde and Hebridean islands, because the CalMac fleet is old, unreliable and under-capacity, is on a far greater scale than the jobs at stake in Port Glasgow.

That leads to the other justification: the prospect of an alternative procurement meaning a further delay for islanders, estimated at 30 months beyond the current (though hardly reliable) delivery date for Hull 802.

What's missing is the new cost. Officially, the bill stands at £203m, of which £105m is for Hull 802. That's over and above the original £97m contract price.

Having only £6m contingency margin is very low for such a project. The Scottish government sunk more than £50m more into the yard when it drove the previous owners into administration.

Asked at Holyrood about updated costings, Mr Gray declined to say. It seems the yard's chief executive will now have to tot up the bill, including increased costs of supplies.

So either Neil Gray is not admitting how much more the ships are on course to cost, or he doesn't know. And if he doesn't know, how could he know that the project has failed its "value for money" test, or how much more money is being risked, by a decision that the civil service can no longer justify?

The BBC's Russia Editor has questioned Alexander Lukashenko on nuclear weapons, after Russia recently said it is moving nuclear warheads to Belarus.

During a four hour "conversation" with journalists at the Palace of Independence in Minsk, Steve Rosenberg asked the leader of Belarus whether he would allow Wagner troops to attack Ukraine from their territory and whether he would really use Russian nuclear weapons.

Last updated on .From the section Winter Sports

Mikaela Shiffrin became the greatest Alpine skier of all time with her 87th World Cup win - exactly 12 years after making her debut.

Slalom victory in Are, Sweden, saw the 27-year-old American surpass the record of 86 held by Swede Ingemar Stenmark since 1989.

She had drawn level with Stenmark in winning the giant slalom on Friday.

Shiffrin, who won her first World Cup in the same resort in 2012, said her achievement was "hard to comprehend".

She clocked one minute 41.77 seconds across her two runs, putting her 0.92 seconds ahead of Switzerland's Wendy Holdener in the standings.

"The best feeling is to ski on the second run when you have a lead," said Shiffrin.

"You have to be smart but also I just wanted to be fast too and ski the second run like its own race, and I did it exactly how I wanted and that's amazing."

Shiffrin, who turns 28 on Monday, was surprised on the finish line by her brother, Taylor, who she did not know was in attendance.

The Colorado native made her World Cup debut on 11 March 2011, competing in the giant slalom in the Czech Republic.

This season she has amassed 13 wins across all disciplines so far and has secured the overall, slalom and giant slalom World Cup crystal globes.

Meanwhile on the men's World Cup circuit, Marco Odermatt wrapped up his second successive overall title with giant slalom victory in Kranjska Gora.

He leads Norway's Aleksander Aamodt Kilde by 486 points with five races remaining, but retained his title with Kilde - Shiffrin's partner - skipping this weekend's giant slalom races.

Sunday's Japanese Grand Prix is live on 5 Live and the BBC Sport website at 06:00 BST

Max Verstappen led a Red Bull one-two in qualifying at the Japanese Grand Prix with McLaren's Lando Norris best of the rest. Ferrari's Carlos Sainz was fourth, his team-mate Charles Leclerc eighth, and Aston Martin's Fernando Alonso fifth. McLaren's Oscar Piastri was sixth ahead of Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton, whose team-mate George Russell was ninth. Japanese Yuki Tsunoda delighted home fans packed into the glorious Suzuka circuit with 10th place.

Verstappen had looked a certainty for pole since the start of the weekend but in the end his margin was perhaps smaller than expected. Perez was just 0.066 seconds adrift of the three-time champion, who had been half a second clear of the field on this same circuit last September. Red Bull, though, were in a league of their own - Norris was 0.292secs off the pace in third, and himself a comfortable 0.193secs ahead of Sainz. Verstappen said he felt it had not been this greatest lap, adding: "It was quite close at the end. This track is very sensitive with the tyre with the Tarmac being aggressive, and when you really want to go to the limit, it doesn't always work out. "It is good to be on pole, a good starting position for tomorrow, and tomorrow is what counts." Perez said: "It was really close with Max. It felt like a good lap. It was quite tricky there, especially closing the laps it was easy to lose a couple of 10ths in the last sector. "We have been really close all weekend and when you are in that, little margins... anything can make a difference. "I didn't have a great exit (from the chicane) opening the lap; that could have been different. Our long-run pace was not that strong this morning but we have worked quite a bit and hopefully we will be strong." Norris was pleased with third, saying McLaren's "hard work was paying off" in trying to close the gap to Red Bull. Sainz was 0.485secs from pole, a step forward for Ferrari compared to last year but their least impressive qualifying performance of the year. And Leclerc, while only 0.104secs off the Spaniard, was perplexed as to where his pace has gone this season. Leclerc has been the faster Ferrari driver on balance through their time as team-mates and he has been re-signed for next season alongside Lewis Hamilton while Sainz is looking for a drive. But Sainz has been more impressive this season and Leclerc said after qualifying: "That's the best I can do. Honestly, I don't get it." It was an encouraging day for Alonso, whose Aston Martin has major floor upgrades this weekend and the veteran Spaniard put them to good effect. Second fastest in the first session, Alonso slipped back as qualifying progressed and others found their feet. He was seventh after his first run in the final top 10 shoot-out and was encouraged by his engineer to try to find the extra 0.15secs that separated him from a place in the top four at the time. Alonso replied saying: "I don't know what to do to go faster; it felt like a good lap." But he found almost exactly that time to move up and split the Ferraris and McLarens. The 0.569secs that separated Hamilton from pole was seen as progress at Mercedes. Hamilton said: "It's been a night and day different weekend so far in terms of how comfortable I felt in the car, we did a really good job of analysis back at the factory to try to understand how we can get the car in a sweeter spot. "The car has a been much nicer to drive this weekend and particularly at a track like this where you need a nice balance, this is the nicest it's been for three years. "Last year we were a second off, 0.7secs today."

The race now boasts views of Japan's legendary blossoms with its new April date

But fans at Suzuka seem more interested in their unique way of celebrating the sport, dressing as cars, horses and even koalas, depending on who they are supporting

Qualifying was fairly straightforward, but there was a crash for Logan Sargeant during Friday practice a Suzuka - crashing after the Esses in what is a famously demanding track

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Mr Rutte has been holding three days of talks to try to save his coalition

The Dutch government has collapsed because of a disagreement between coalition parties over asylum policies, Prime Minister Mark Rutte has said.

The four parties were split in crisis talks chaired by Mr Rutte on Friday.

Mr Rutte then met King Willem-Alexander in The Hague on Saturday and agreed to lead a caretaker government until fresh elections, expected in mid-November.

Coalition partners had objected to his proposal to restrict the scope for immigrant families to reunite.

The government was set up a year and a half ago but the parties have been opposed on migration for some time.

Mr Rutte gave no details of his talks with the king, which lasted about an hour and a half. "It was a good discussion, but I'm not saying anything else because these discussions are confidential," he told reporters.

His conservative VVD party had been trying to limit the flow of asylum seekers, following a row last year about overcrowded migration centres. His plans were opposed by his junior coalition partners.

Mark Rutte said he would hand his resignation to King Willem-Alexander on Saturday

Asylum applications in the Netherlands jumped by over a third last year to more than 47,000 and government figures said earlier this year that they expected roughly 70,000 applications in 2023.

This week, Mr Rutte tried to force through a plan which included a cap on the number of relatives of war refugees allowed into the Netherlands at just 200 people per month.

But junior coalition partners the Christian Union, a pro-family party, and the socially-liberal D66 were strongly opposed.

"The decision was very difficult for us," Mr Rutte told journalists as he announced his cabinet's resignation. The differences in views between the coalition partners were "irreconcilable", he added.

"All parties went to great lengths to find a solution, but the differences on migration are unfortunately impossible to bridge."

A media scrum welcomed Mark Rutte as he arrived at the Huis ten Bosch Palace in The Hague to meet Dutch King Willem-Alexander

A compromise proposal, known as the "emergency brake", which would only trigger the restrictions in the event of an excessively high influx of migrants, was not enough to save the government.

"The four parties decided that they cannot reach an agreement on migration," the Christian Union's spokesman Tim Kuijsten said. "Therefore they decided to end this government."

Mr Rutte, 56, is the country's longest serving prime minister and has been in office since 2010. The current government - which took office in January 2022 - is his fourth coalition.

He said he still had the energy for a fifth term, but a final decision would have to await consultations with his party.

He has been under pressure on migration because of the rise of far-right parties such as Geert Wilders' PVV.

The Farmer-Citizen Movement (BBB), which became the biggest party in the upper house of parliament after a shock election win in March, said they will not serve in any future government led by Mr Rutte.

Coach driver Anthony Jones - who sent this picture - described a "frustrating" situation with queues at the port

Travellers at Dover remain in long queues to catch ferries to France after waits in excess of 12 hours - although port authorities say the situation is now improving for new arrivals.

Speaking to the BBC on Sunday evening, parents told of coachloads of children still waiting to cross the Channel after arriving late on Saturday.

Port managers said all traffic was now inside the port ready for processing.

Disruption and delays were first reported on Friday night.

Extra ferries that were laid on overnight on Saturday were not enough to prevent the queues at Dover increasing through much of Sunday.

Officials cite slower border processing and a higher-than-expected number of coaches as causes of the delays.

The port said late on Sunday that around 40 coaches were still awaiting immigration processing, down from 111 earlier in the day.

P&O Ferries said that around 20 coaches were still waiting to board its ferries and that their wait time would be around five hours.

The company had earlier said wait times were around 10 hours, though many coach passengers and drivers contacted the BBC to say their waits had actually been much longer.

One driver taking a group from Cardiff to Austria said they had been in the vehicle for 14 hours.

Coach passengers ended up camping on the floor of a service station in Folkestone, due to delays in nearby Dover

On Saturday evening, holidaymaker Jennifer Fee said her coach was "turning around and going back to London" having been told there was "no chance of a ferry today".

Ms Fee sent the BBC footage of passengers camped out on the floor of a service station in nearby Folkestone - where coaches had been "stacked up" due to delays at the port.

Coach driver Zaishan Aslam was driving a group of schoolchildren from Cheltenham to Italy. He told the BBC they all arrived in Dover at 14:00 BST on Friday, and were finally on a ferry at 03:30 on Saturday.

The group have now arrived at their final destination, but Mr Aslam said they are coming back to the UK on Friday and he dreads to think what the situation with the ferries will be then.

The situation is "totally ridiculous", Mr Aslam said. "It's as if it was caused deliberately to deter coach drivers and schoolchildren from travelling".

Rob Howard, a teacher in Dorset travelling by coach with a group of schoolchildren, was on his way to northern Italy via Dover.

They arrived at the port at 16:00 on Saturday, but the group decided to turn around after waiting for more than 17 hours, Mr Howard said.

He said passengers were each given a chocolate bar and less than a bottle of water during those 17 hours, and "there was a smell of urine all over the place" as some coach toilets leaked.

The government has said it is in close contact with port authorities.

In an interview with the BBC's Sunday with Laura Kuenssberg show, Home Secretary Suella Braverman said the delays were a result of a "combination of factors", including the high volume of coaches.

She said she sympathised with families and school children trying to get away on Easter holidays, and expected the problems to ease soon.

Labour's shadow levelling-up secretary, Lisa Nandy, told Sky News issues like the port delays could have been avoided "if the government got a grip, got down to brass tacks and started doing the actual job".

Officials have explained that long border processing times were partly to blame for delays - and ferry companies said bad weather had disrupted some journeys.

The port said ferry companies received 15% more coach bookings for the Easter period than what had been expected. Boarding coachloads of passengers is much slower than boarding cars.

Responding to claims of lengthy delays in border checks, officials in northern France said on Saturday that there were "no difficulties that we know of," but that many coaches had arrived to travel at around the same time.

All border checkpoints were operational and border police had switched some car checkpoints into slots for coaches, French officials added.

Simon Calder, travel correspondent at the Independent, said processing times since the UK left the EU had increased sharply "and that would seem to explain the delays".

An EU border at Dover meant things were "gumming up", as each individual passport had to be inspected and stamped after Brexit, he told the BBC on Saturday.

Asked whether the delays were a result of Brexit, Labour's Ms Nandy said: "The point is not whether we left the European Union or not... the point was that we left with a government that made big promises and once again didn't deliver."

And speaking to Sky News, Ms Braverman said viewing delays at the port as "an adverse effect of Brexit" would not be a fair assessment.

Many coaches stuck in Dover have been carrying schoolchildren from across the UK on school trips abroad.

Schoolteacher Sarah Dalby told the BBC her group began their journey from Nottinghamshire and 24 hours later were still in the queue for passport control at Dover.

"Nobody has been to speak to us in the whole time. There is no information available. No food or water," the head of science at Worksop College added.

The port apologised for "prolonged delays" and said the tailbacks were being cleared.

Have you been affected by the delays? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Sharon Beshenivsky had been a PC for less than a year before she was murdered in Bradford in November 2005

Almost 20 years after PC Sharon Beshenivsky was shot and killed on her daughter's fourth birthday, the last member of the armed gang responsible for her death has been found guilty of her murder.

The conviction of Piran Ditta Khan, 75, marks the end of almost two decades of evading justice for his part in the killing of the West Yorkshire Police officer after she interrupted a raid at a Bradford travel agents on 18 November 2005.

For Andy Brennan, who was then the detective superintendent tasked with leading the manhunt, Khan's conviction is the fulfilment of a long-held promise he made to PC Beshenivsky's husband, Paul, on the day of her death.

"I gave him a commitment on that day that we would go to the 'nth' degree to make sure all of those responsible would be placed before the court," he says.

Before the fatal shooting in Bradford city centre earlier that evening, PC Beshenivsky had been coming to the end of her shift and was soon due to head home to join the birthday celebrations for the couple's little girl.

Mr Brennan remembers that he and Mr Beshenivsky were still surrounded by unopened cards and presents as he made his promise.

It was "very humbling to see how he controlled himself in front of the children having been given the news of his wife's death," Mr Brennan says. "It was an emotional time."

"I'm a father, but, for me, in that position at that time, I couldn't show my emotions because Paul was looking at me to tell him what was going on and what we were going to do," he adds.

Sharon Beshenivsky was a mum to three children and two stepchildren with her husband Paul

PC Beshenivsky, a 38-year-old mother of three as well as two stepchildren, had been an officer for just nine months when she was gunned down in a raid at the Universal Express travel agents.

Shot at close range and left lying on the pavement, her injuries were instantly fatal.

Her colleague, Teresa Milburn, then 37, was also shot and seriously injured at the same time, though she survived the attack.

The pair had been responding to a silent panic alarm which had been activated at the travel agents on Morley Street just 30 minutes before the end of their shifts that Friday afternoon.

In the huge manhunt that followed, the gang, who had escaped with little more than £5,000, were eventually caught.

Before Khan was convicted, a further six men had been sentenced in connection with PC Beshenivsky's death

In 2006, Muzzaker Imtiaz Shah and Yusuf Abdullah Jama were sentenced to life and told they would both serve at least 35 years in jail for PC Beshenivsky's murder.

A third man, Faisal Razzaq, was cleared of her murder but found guilty of manslaughter. He was sentenced to life with a minimum term of 11 years.

A year later, Hassan Razzaq, the brother of Faisal, was also convicted of manslaughter and sentenced to 20 years in prison.

That same year, Raza Ul Haq Aslam, was convicted of robbery and jailed for eight years.

However, two suspects remained at large. One was Mustaf Jama, who had used a friend's passport to flee to his native Somalia. The other wanted man, Piran Ditta Khan, had escaped to Pakistan.

Jama was eventually extradited in 2007 when he was smuggled out of Africa in an undercover operation. The brother of Yusuf Jama, he was found guilty of murder and jailed for life with a minimum term of 35 years.

But it was to be another 17 years before Khan was to face justice for his role as the robbery's instigator.

Piran Ditta Khan fled to Pakistan after PC Beshenivsky's murder in 2005, but was extradited in 2023

Back in 2006, when Mr Brennan was piecing together the investigation, detectives built a picture that showed Khan was the mastermind behind the plot.

Khan had used the travel agents to send money to Pakistan and knew that "substantial amounts" of cash would be held at the premises.

Looking back, Mr Brennan says: "The information we were getting was that he was more important in relation to the organisation of what had taken place than any of the other six individuals.

"The more information and evidence we got, the clearer his role became of being an instigator."

But by the time police were in a position to arrest him, Khan had already fled to Pakistan - something Mr Brennan says was "seriously disappointing".

Getting Khan back to face justice was a long and drawn-out process.

Because there is no extradition treaty between the UK and Pakistan, a diplomatic request was made by the UK for his removal.

Mr Brennan said: "I spent about 12 to 18 months every week going down to the Foreign and Commonwealth Office and the Home Office.

"I was meeting them on a weekly basis to say, this is the position we're in, these are the individuals we want back.

"We put pressure on them [the authorities in Pakistan] all the time, but effectively we were in their hands to arrest one of their citizens."

Up until January 2020, Khan remained free. However, he was eventually arrested in Pakistan, with his solicitor describing him as a "scared and shivering man".

It then took another three years before Khan was brought back to the UK.

By the time of Khan's extradition, Mr Brennan had retired from West Yorkshire Police, but recalls being "elated" by the development.

"I knew this was always bubbling away in the background and would never be allowed to go away," he says.

"When I left the case it wasn't complete, but it never left me.

"So, when I found out he was on his way back to the UK, I was incredibly pleased. I remember having a glass of wine."

Mr Brennan describes Khan as a "very dangerous man" who was "incredibly greedy" and "entirely responsible" for what had taken place.

The former officer says: "He managed to persuade a group to commit this robbery on the pretext that there was a significant amount of money there.

"But they fled with £5,000 and committed the murder of a police officer on duty."

Teresa Milburn, who was also injured, said her colleague PC Beshenivsky did not stand a chance against the gunmen

Now all those responsible for the events of 18 November 2005 have been convicted, Mr Brennan says he believes the bravery of both PC Beshenvisky and PC Milburn should be officially recognised.

"I know this case inside out and I look back on their actions that day," he says.

"They turned up to a silent alarm taking place - that would usually indicate a robbery or something more serious - and in that knowledge they approached the premises.

"Both Sharon and Teresa are extremely brave to have done what they did. They could have waited by their cars or could have radioed for armed assistance, but they didn't.

"I think that was down to the fact they wanted to protect the public and make sure the occupants in the travel agents were safe and well."

Meanwhile, Mr Brennan says that though Khan's conviction may have been a long time in the making, he was never in any doubt the promise he made to PC Beshenivsky's family would be fulfilled.

"I made it perfectly clear to Sharon's family, to Teresa and to the public, that we would leave no stone unturned to get justice," he says.

"I had a superb team working with me who gave 110%.

"So, in my mind, I was confident we would find everyone involved on that horrific day."

Follow BBC Yorkshire on Facebook, X (formerly Twitter) and Instagram. Send your story ideas to yorkslincs.news@bbc.co.uk.

Last updated on .From the section Premier League

Cole Palmer scored twice deep into stoppage time to complete his hat-trick and earn Chelsea a remarkable win against Manchester United despite having previously given up a two-goal lead.

The latest winner scored in Premier League history, timed at 100 minutes 39 seconds, stunned United, who led through nine minutes of injury time, and sent Stamford Bridge into delirium.

United were ahead with 99 minutes 17 seconds on the clock, the latest a side has ever led in a Premier League match they have gone on to lose.

The two late strikes capped off a breathless game that started at pace, with Blues captain Conor Gallagher slamming the hosts in front, and barely relented throughout.

Inside 20 minutes Palmer doubled the hosts' lead from the spot after Antony fouled Marc Cucurella.

But Alejandro Garnacho sparked a United comeback when he pounced on Moises Caicedo's poor pass across the back.

Bruno Fernandes pulled United level just five minutes later when he headed in Diogo Dalot's cross.

Garnacho scored his second when he headed in an excellent outside-of-boot cross from Antony past goalkeeper Djordje Petrovic, with what United thought was the winner.

That was before a dramatic end to the match saw Chelsea take all three points.

Substitute Noni Madueke was brought down by Dalot in the area and Palmer stepped up confidently to bring the scores level on 100 minutes.

Then in the 101st minute, Palmer picked the ball up from a short corner and his drilled shot was deflected past United goalkeeper Andre Onana to spark wild scenes in the stadium.

Since signing for Chelsea in the summer for a fee of £42.5m, Palmer has hit the ground running at Stamford Bridge.

The 21-year-old has been the standout player in an inconsistent season for Chelsea and their young squad.

Palmer's hat-trick brings his goal tally to 16 in the league - joint-second and only behind Manchester City's Erling Haaland.

He has seven goals in his last four games for the club as he continues to be the shining light for Mauricio Pochettino.

He also has a 100% record from the penalty spot and has scored eight so far this season - such is his quality it did not feel in doubt that he would score both spot-kicks in this match.

Having made his England debut in November and been included in the most recent squad, on this form he is looking ever more likely to be included by Gareth Southgate for Euro 2024 this summer.

It's been an inconsistent season for Manchester United and this performance summed up the campaign they are having so far.

They were pounced on by Chelsea at the beginning of the match, did not seem to have an answer to the Blues' intensity, and were lucky to not be further behind before they started their comeback.

Garnacho's effort was rewarded with a gift when Caicedo played him in for his first and he was the furthest United player forward when he got on the end of Antony's cross to score what looked to be the winning goal.

There are many questions for manager Erik Ten Hag to answer and the manner of this loss will bring an extra amount of scrutiny.

Ten Hag's side faced 81 shots across their three Premier League fixtures in March, another 28 here, and the question as to why they are so easy to create chances against will continue to be asked.

It is the second time in as many matches that United have not won a Premier League game when leading in stoppage time and this result leaves them 11 points away from an unlikely Champions League place.
• None Moisés Caicedo (Chelsea) is shown the yellow card for excessive celebration.
• None Goal! Chelsea 4, Manchester United 3. Cole Palmer (Chelsea) left footed shot from the right side of the box to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Enzo Fernández following a corner.
• None Attempt blocked. Carney Chukwuemeka (Chelsea) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Marc Cucurella.
• None Goal! Chelsea 3, Manchester United 3. Cole Palmer (Chelsea) converts the penalty with a left footed shot to the bottom right corner.
• None Penalty conceded by Diogo Dalot (Manchester United) after a foul in the penalty area.
• None Attempt saved. Noni Madueke (Chelsea) left footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Enzo Fernández.
• None Attempt missed. Benoît Badiashile (Chelsea) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Cole Palmer with a cross following a corner. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page

Greater Manchester Police said officers were continuing to search Kersal Wetlands for evidence

Human remains which were found in a secluded woodland were those of a man who was "likely to be aged older than 40" and had "only been deceased for a matter of days", police have said.

A torso was found wrapped in plastic by a passer-by in Kersal Wetlands, Salford, on Thursday evening, Greater Manchester Police (GMP) said.

A representative said specialists were carrying out DNA tests to identify him.

Ch Supt Tony Creely said the "tragic case" was "moving at pace".

He said a murder investigation was continuing and forensic tests had confirmed that the victim was "a man who could not have survived".

He said that "so far, nothing further than the human remains... have been found" and there remained "a number of unknowns" in the case.

He said inquiries would "take time", but "at the heart of our investigation is this man and his family".

"We are using all forensic techniques available to identify him as soon as we can so we are able to support his loved ones during this devastating time."

Thanking locals for their co-operation, he added that the presence of officers and specialist teams had "caused disruption in the local area, and may continue to for some time yet, but we value any information [the public] have been able to pass to us".

Why not follow BBC Manchester on Facebook, X and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Wildcat Haven has written to North Wales Police after it took the animal, named Finlay

A cat seized by police has prompted a legal complaint by a wildlife rescue group which said the animal suffered mental trauma.

Wildcat Haven wrote to North Wales Police after it took Finlay the cat.

It was seized by the force after it received a report the organisation was keeping an unlicensed Scottish wildcat.

The animal was returned after four months when police said tests showed Finlay was a common tabby. The force has declined to comment.

Wildcat Haven, based in St Asaph, Denbighshire, has said he suffered "physiological and psychological trauma", and has made a number of claims about police actions.

Wildcat Haven's lawyer, Joseph Morgan, said the group found the animal dehydrated, soaking wet and close to death as a three-week-old kitten in the Scottish Highlands.

Believing he was a Scottish wildcat, he was taken to an enclosure in Conwy for rehabilitation before eventual release.

Plans to release Finlay in spring 2022 were derailed on Valentine's Day in February that year, when officers took him from the farm claiming he was being held without a licence.

Wildcat Haven claimed no licence was required to rehabilitate Finlay.

Mr Morgan said: "North Wales Police acted excessively in seizing Finlay from Wildcat Haven's care and holding on to him for over four months.

"In doing so, they undermined months of hard work that went into rehabilitating Finlay for release into the wild, meaning that Wildcat Haven has had to start from square one in their journey to see Finlay in the wild again."

Wildcat Haven is also unhappy police do not believe Finlay is a wildcat, but a domestic tabby with some wildcat genes.

The assessment could pose problems for the group if it does release Finlay into the wild, as it could be committing an offence under the Animal Health and Welfare (Scotland) Act 2006.

Finlay was not returned until 28 June 2022, allegedly in a "very poor state". Wildcat Haven said it took more than six months to bring him back to good health.

Its director Emily O'Donoghue said: "Finlay was wrongly seized as no licence is required for the rehabilitation and release of a Scottish wildcat."

She claimed that he was kept "in a quarantine cage for four-and-a-half months", and on his return he was "emaciated".

Wildcat Haven said Finlay was discovered in the Scottish Highlands as a kitten

"The police returned him because they said he was a domestic tabby cat, even though an assessment of him arranged by the police gave him a score which should have identified him as a Scottish wildcat, according to the scientific literature," Ms O'Donoghue said.

The police, she claimed, caused Finlay to "suffer unnecessarily" and delayed his release.

"We will continue to fight for his freedom," she said.

While North Wales Police has declined to comment on Wildcat Haven's claims, it has previously said it kept Finlay at a special facility where it had regular visits and vet assessments.

It said there was no evidence of disease and Finlay displayed traits of domestic cat behaviour.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

What started with pictures in Edinburgh, took Ross Burns to locations all around the UK including the Finnieston Crane in Glasgow

When Ross Burns first took a photo of one of his son's toy cars while on a daily walk he did not think it would turn into an obsession that has seen him complete 1,000 days of taking pictures in different locations.

It started as a lockdown project in 2020 but he caught the bug and it turned into a three-year project capturing images of his son's Hot Wheels miniature cars in locations from Edinburgh Castle to Buckingham Palace.

The 43-year-old, from Edinburgh, said he started taking out the toy cars when he went for walks with his six-year-old son Daniel.

He posted the pictures on his Instagram account and received an encouraging reaction. So he carried on.

When restrictions began to ease, he decided to take the cars all around the UK.

"It's also been a fun hobby for me and Daniel to do together," Ross says.

"He likes copying my photos and creating his own. Seeing him sprawled flat on a pavement to get the perfect angle is pretty funny."

Ross, the head of communications at Edinburgh Napier University, says that after a few weeks he set himself the challenge of doing it for a full year and then he would stop.

"But clearly I was hooked and another 635 days on, I'm still at it," he says.

"The great thing now is that the world has opened up a lot more so it's become a pictorial diary of my life."

The cars have been on a tour around the UK, in locations such as Glasgow, Newcastle, Aberdeenshire and London.

Ross's car tour took him to Buckingham Palace

Ross says he has seen other people doing similar things in other countries, including Dnipro in Ukraine

Ross says: "It's exciting when I go away for a couple of days and the first thing I pack are the Hot Wheels.

"London is amazing for locations although the one downside of it no longer being lockdown is places are far busier and getting shots without people in them is a challenge."

He has also appreciated the reaction from the wider community about his posts, saying he has received messages from the USA and Japan.

Ross started the project as a hobby in lockdown

He is unsure how long he will continue to take the pictures.

"I said after a year of doing it that I would stop," he says.

"Now I've done 1,000 days straight and seen my pictures progress from very amateur efforts to something more pleasing. I've got a big decision to make."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Ros Atkins on... the Russian social media videos appearing to show Kremlin drone attack

Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky has denied his country carried out an alleged drone attack on the Kremlin, which Russia says was an attempt on President Vladimir Putin's life.

"We don't attack Putin or Moscow. We fight on our territory. We are defending our villages and cities," he said, speaking on a visit to Finland.

The Russian president's office said defences downed two drones overnight.

It threatened to retaliate when and where it considered necessary.

Unverified footage circulating online shows smoke rising over the Kremlin - a large government complex in central Moscow - early on Wednesday. A second video shows a small explosion above the site's Senate building, while two men appear to clamber up the dome.

The Russian presidency said Ukraine had attempted a strike on Mr Putin's residence in the Kremlin and described it as "a planned terrorist act and an assassination attempt on the president".

Officials said two drones targeting the complex had been disabled using electronic radar assets, adding that President Putin had not been in the complex at the time of the alleged attack.

But Ukraine has said the Russian accusations are merely a pretext for massive attacks on its territory and the US says it is treating the Russian claims with a lot of caution.

Mr Putin appears to be one of the most closely-guarded leaders in the world. At Putin events in Moscow attended by BBC journalists, extremely tight security has been in place, including extensive checks and long convoys of vehicles with airspace closed and traffic halted.

However if what the Kremlin is saying is true, it will raise questions about how well protected the president really is.

There will also be scrutiny over the effectiveness of Russian air defences. In recent months, anti-aircraft systems have been spotted on Moscow rooftops in the vicinity of key buildings.

They have been placed there because the Kremlin is concerned that Ukraine, or those sympathetic to Ukraine, may attempt to carry out aerial attacks on high-value targets.

Whatever actually happened on Wednesday morning, the question now is how Russia will respond. Some officials have already called for tough action. Russian generals have warned many times of harsh responses to any strikes on Russian territory.

But it is unclear whether Russia has the capacity to carry out meaningful retaliatory strikes, or whether this incident will lead to any significant escalation on the battlefield inside Ukraine.

A Ukrainian presidential adviser told the BBC the incident indicated Russia could be "preparing a large-scale terrorist provocation" in Ukraine.

Mykhailo Podolyak said attacking Moscow made no sense for Ukraine but would help Russia justify its own attacks on civilian targets.

On Wednesday Russian strikes on Ukraine's southern Kherson region killed 21 people. Mr Zelensky said the shelling had hit "a railway station and a crossing, a house, a hardware store, a grocery supermarket and a gas station". The victims included supermarket customers and employees of an energy company who were performing repairs, officials said.

Mr Podolyak added that any drones flying over locations in Russia were down to "guerrilla activities of local resistance forces".

"Something is happening in RF [Russian Federation], but definitely without Ukraine's drones over the Kremlin," Mr Podolyak said.

US Secretary of State Antony Blinken said he could not validate Russia's accusation that Ukraine had tried to kill Mr Putin, but said he would take anything the Russian presidency said with a "very large shaker of salt".

Mick Mulroy, a former US deputy assistant secretary of defence and CIA officer, told the BBC that if reports of the incident were accurate, it was "unlikely" to be an assassination attempt as Ukraine tracks President Putin's movements closely and he was not in Moscow at the time.

"This may have been to show the Russian people that they can be hit anywhere and that the war they started in Ukraine may eventually come home to Russia, even the capital," he said.

Alternatively, if the reports were not accurate, "Russia may be fabricating this to use as a pretext to target President Zelensky - something they have tried to in the past", Mr Mulroy said.

Russia also noted the alleged drone incident had come shortly before Russia's 9 May Victory Day parade in Moscow, which foreign dignitaries were expected to attend.

The parade will go ahead as planned, Russian officials said.

Moscow's mayor on Wednesday announced a ban on unauthorised drone flights over the city.

Several Russian cities had already announced they would scale back this year's Victory Day celebrations.

Russian authorities have cited security reasons and attacks from pro-Ukrainian forces for the changes. Explosions and fires have occurred in Russia in recent weeks.

Oil and gas giant Shell has had some of its adverts banned for misleading claims about how clean its overall energy production is.

The ban applies to one TV advert, a poster displayed in Bristol and a YouTube ad, all shown in 2022.

The Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) ruled they all left out information on Shell's more polluting work with fossil fuels.

Shell said it "strongly" disagreed with the ASA's findings.

The adverts cannot be shown in their current form again, the ASA ruled.

Shell had stated that the ads were intended to raise awareness of the lower emissions energy products and services it is investing more money in.

The ASA ruled that the YouTube advert incorrectly gave the impression that low-carbon energy products made up a significant proportion of Shell's energy products, when in fact they did not.

Shell said that people who saw the adverts would already be well-informed of its operations and would mainly associate the brand with petrol sales.

But the ASA said the selection of ads were likely to mislead consumers as they "misrepresented the contribution that lower-carbon initiatives played, or would play in the near future" compared with the rest of the company's operations.

One of the banned advertisements was a poster shown in Bristol, with the text "Bristol is ready for cleaner energy". It included text quoting the number of homes in the South West of England which used renewable electricity. The ASA ruled the poster was misleading because it gave the impression that Shell as a whole was providing cleaner energy.

The ASA said Shell's poster gave the wrong impression that overall, Shell provided predominantly clean energy across its whole business

"We also considered that the emphasis the ads placed on "Ready", implied that lower-carbon energy products, like those shown in the ads, already comprised a significant proportion of the energy products Shell invested in and sold in the UK, or were likely to do so in the near future," the ASA said.

A spokesperson for Shell said the ASA's decision "could slow the UK's drive towards renewable energy".

"No energy transition can be successful if people are not aware of the alternatives available to them. That is what our adverts set out to show, and that is why we're concerned by this short-sighted decision," the spokesperson added.

The ruling comes as the ASA is combatting companies overstating their environmental friendliness, known as "corporate greenwashing". Last year, it banned a Tesco plant-based burger ad, a Persil advert, and two HSBC adverts over their claims of environmental benefits, which the agency deemed "misleading".

Sarah Polley won the Best Adapted Screenplay award for Women Talking

Canadian film-maker Sarah Polley has shared a "cruel" April Fools' joke played on her by none other than her 11-year-old child.

A letter turned up on Saturday morning, reading "We say this to you with the deepest regrets: the Oscar you received was given by mistake."

Polley won the best adapted screenplay for Women Talking at the 95th Academy Awards in Los Angeles last month.

The letter, posted on Twitter, asked her to "mail it back" to California.

It said she could keep the award for one more week so she could "enjoy its presence" in her home.

But ultimately, it needed to be returned so it could go to the "rightful" winner: All Quiet on the Western Front.

"We are sorry for your loss, but it is only fair that the play with the real best adapted screenplay gets the Oscar."

Polley's child went on to joke that Oscar bosses had realised their error on the day the award was given - but wanted to avoid another blunder like La La Land being named winner of Best Picture in 2017 instead of Moonlight.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by @realSarahPolley (she/her) This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The film-maker behind All Quiet on the Western Front, Edward Berger, got in on the joke.

"To save on mailing costs as I live overseas the Academy has asked me to provide you with my address so you can ship the Oscar directly," he tweeted to Polley.

"I will follow up shortly. Ok with you?"

Polley, who shot to fame as an actor in the 1990s, swiftly realised the letter was not written by the Academy, but by her child as an April Fools' Day prank.

But she made it clear she wasn't impressed - saying her 11-year-old "swung low" for April Fools' Day.

"We feel it is wrong you get this on 1 April as you will probably think it is a joke, and we feel that is wrong, so another letter will be sent assuring you that this is not a joke," the letter said.

"This is much too cruel to be a joke, ergo we deeply apologise for any inconvenience we may have caused you."

Finland's outgoing Prime Minister Sanna Marin and her husband Markus Raikkonen have filed for divorce.

"We are grateful for the 19 years together and our beloved daughter," Ms Marin said on Instagram on Wednesday.

The couple married in 2020, when Ms Marin was leading the country's pandemic response, and they share a five-year-old daughter.

She is due to leave office after her centre-left party lost the general election last month.

In a story posted on her Instagram account, Ms Marin said she is "still best friends" with Mr Raikkonen, who is a businessman and former professional footballer.

"We will continue to spend time together as a family and with each other," she added.

Ms Marin, 37, became the world's youngest prime minister when she took office in 2019. But she lost out in a tight race to the National Coalition Party, headed by Petteri Orpo, and the right-wing populist Finns Party, led by Riikka Purra, in April.

It was a bitter defeat for Ms Marin. While she increased her party's seats and secured 19.9% of the vote, her coalition partners all lost significant numbers of seats.

Her government has formally resigned but will continue serving on a caretaker basis until the formation and appointment of a new government. Mr Orpo has said he hopes to conclude negotiations by June.

Ms Marin has enjoyed high polling throughout her time in office, with many praising her for steering Finland into Nato and navigating her country through the Covid-19 pandemic.

But she is also a polarising figure in Finland, with headlines pertaining to her personal life surfacing in recent months.

She has frequently been a target for criticism for her apparent love of partying - most notably when a video of her at a party singing, dancing and drinking circulated on social media in August 2022.

At the time, Ms Marin said the video had been filmed on "private premises" and that she had spent "an evening with friends".

But the video prompted dozens of complaints alleging Ms Marin's behaviour undermined Finland's "reputation and security".

The incident led to many women coming out in support of Ms Marin. In Finland, women took to social media to post videos of themselves dancing in solidarity.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Capaldi had to rely on the crowd to finish his Glastonbury set

Lewis Capaldi warned fans he might have to take a break from public life when vocal problems threatened to derail his Glastonbury set at the weekend.

A sympathetic crowd helped him through the performance, singing his biggest hit Someone You Loved back to him while he stayed largely silent.

"I feel like I'll be taking another wee break over the next couple of weeks," he told his audience, having taken three weeks off to "rest and recover" ahead of the festival.

"So you probably won't see much of me for the rest of year, maybe even. But when I do come back and when I do see you, I hope you're still up for watching us."

It leaves a question mark hanging over the singer's summer schedule, which includes slots at the Reading and Leeds Festivals and two dates in Edinburgh.

Capaldi's health problems date back to the pandemic, when he went back to his hometown for the Covid lockdown, expecting to start work on his second album.

His first, Divinely Uninspired to a Hellish Extent, sold more than any other in the UK in 2019 and it would go on to be the biggest seller in 2020 as well.

It meant expectations were high for album number two. He was feeling the pressure, and it would take its toll physically and mentally.

"Making the first album was as close to dreams coming true as you could possibly get," the Scottish singer-songwriter told the makers of a Netflix documentary about his life.

"But as soon as the first album does well, it's like can he do it again though?"

Capaldi celebrated with a bottle of Buckfast when he won a Brit Award in 2020

Lewis Capaldi: How I Feel Now follows the rise of the star from his childhood in Whitburn, West Lothian, to chart success, a sold-out arena tour and celebrity status.

The self-proclaimed "Scottish Beyoncé" and "America's sweetheart" has also won a huge following on social media, thanks to his unfiltered humour and a willingness to poke fun at himself.

"A global pandemic is only in the top three weird things to have happened to me in the last three years," he tells programme makers.

But the documentary also looks at the effect that rapid success has had on his mental health, leaving him dealing with panic attacks, a shoulder twitch and a diagnosis of Tourette Syndrome.

And it tackles his "imposter syndrome", which even a kind email from Elton John telling him he writes "beautiful songs that resonate with millions" cannot correct.

After reading the email aloud, Capaldi says: "It's nice but I obviously still feel like an imposter. I don't think it's ever going to go away."

Elton John has called Capaldi the next British superstar

During the documentary his shoulder twitch appears to worsen as he continues writing - apparently fruitlessly - for his second album.

Lacking confidence in his own abilities, he works with other songwriters first over Zoom from his parents' garden shed, then travelling to London and Los Angeles.

But he sets himself a high bar, judging everything against Someone You Loved - his breakout single which reached number one on both sides of the Atlantic.

"I'm not confident in my abilities as a songwriter and I think that's got worse the more successful I've got," he says.

"The twitch that I have gets worse when I sit down to play the piano. Physically painful," he tells the documentary makers.

"And I get really short of breath and it's like my back kills me when I go to do it. Which is quite ... frightful."

Capaldi agonised over song-writing for the new album

Capaldi also speaks candidly about the panic attacks he suffers from, which make him feel like he's "going insane".

"I'm completely disconnected from reality," he says. "I can't breathe, I can't feel breath going in. I get dizzy, I feel like something's happening in my head and I'm sweating.

"My whole body starts to do what my shoulder does and I'm convulsing. Either I feel like I'm going to be stuck like that forever or I'm going to die."

He can spend up to seven hours on the phone to his mum, Carol, as she tries to calm him down.

To Capaldi, those physical symptoms are a perfectly reasonable reaction to having his "world turned upside down".

"For me it's a like a completely normal reaction to this. If you are put in this situation, you are going to have something like this, especially if you are already an anxious person, which I guess I was.

"I didn't ever have the pressure that came to make me full blown but we are there now so we just need to deal with it."

Lewis Capaldi's debut, Divinely Uninspired To A Hellish Extent, was the UK's biggest-selling album of 2019 and 2020

A therapist has told him some of his issues relate to the death of two close relatives as a child, including the aunt whose suicide inspired Before You Go.

It feeds his anxieties about his own heath and mortality.

Carol says her son - like everyone - is complicated: "He's not just the comedian that we all think he is."

"And that's where the conflict possibly is as well," adds his dad, Mark. "Because the darkness comes over the happy chappy guy and manifests itself in all the tics, the anxiety and all the other things that he's kind of surrounded in."

Despite initially resisting the efforts of his family and friends to get treatment for his debilitating twitch, writing and recording for the second album was eventually put on hold for the sake of his mental health.

That's when he was diagnosed with Tourette Syndrome, a condition that causes people to make involuntary sounds or movements called tics.

It was a diagnosis that made "complete sense" to the singer and reassured the self-confessed hypochondriac that he was not dying.

He's been told that he will see a marked improvement if he can reduce his anxiety - something he is trying to do with medication, exercise and (relatively) healthy eating.

Lewis Capaldi: How I'm Feeling Now is on Netflix. You can find information and support for issues raised in this story at BBC Action Line.

This article was first published on 3 April 2023.

Ukraine's military has accused Russian forces of blowing up a major dam in the Moscow-seized region of Kherson in the south of the country.

President Zelensky shared a video of the damaged Kakhovka dam on his Telegram page.

Read more on this story.



This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Prof Dame Sally Davies tells the Covid inquiry that "it wasn't just the deaths, it was the way they died".

England's former chief medical officer Dame Sally Davies was close to tears at the Covid Inquiry as she apologised to families bereaved by the pandemic.

"It wasn't just the deaths, it was the way they died... it was harrowing and it remains horrible," she said.

She also said the UK did not have enough resilience to cope with the pandemic, with fewer doctors, nurses or hospital beds than similar countries.

The inquiry is currently examining the UK's preparedness ahead of Covid.

In her evidence, Dame Sally also expressed concern about the impact of the lockdowns on children and students.

"We have damaged a generation, and it is awful... watching these people struggle," she said.

The former chief medical officer told the inquiry the UK did not have plans in place to cope with a Covid pandemic, but she added "it didn't have resilience either".

Compared with similar countries, the UK was at the bottom of the table for numbers of doctors, nurses, beds, IT units and ventilators per 100,000, she said.

During questions about preparation exercises for pandemics, Dame Sally broke off to say: "Maybe this is the moment to say how sorry I am to the relatives who lost their families."

"I heard a lot about it from my daughter who was on the front line as a doctor in Scotland," she added.

Dame Sally Davies became chief medical officer in 2010 and left in 2019 to be replaced by Sir Chris Whitty. He is due to give evidence on Thursday along with Sir Patrick Vallance, who was the government's chief scientific adviser during the pandemic.

At the same hearing, George Osborne said his spending cuts meant the UK was better able to cope with the pandemic.

The former chancellor argued that without austerity Britain would have been "more exposed" and rejected claims his approach left the health and social care "depleted" ahead of the Covid pandemic.

Last week Sir Michael Marmot, a professor of epidemiology at University College London told the inquiry that the UK had entered the pandemic with "depleted" public services.

Asked by inquiry lawyer Kate Blackwell KC if he agreed with the statement, Mr Osborne said: "Most certainly not, I completely reject that."

He accepted more money could have been spent on the NHS, but said as chancellor he had to balance demands for resources from other public services.

"You can't just say we like public spending to be higher without explaining where you get money from," he told the inquiry.

He said the public had elected the Conservatives to government in 2010 and 2015 knowing the party was planning to cut public spending.

During the period, cuts were introduced in welfare spending, school building programs, local government, police, courts and prisons. There was also an overall squeeze on health spending.

George Osborne was quizzed on the impact of spending cuts

Mr Osborne - who was chancellor from 2010 to 2016 - said: "If we had not done that Britain would have been more exposed, not just to future things like the coronavirus pandemic, but indeed to the fiscal crisis which very rapidly followed in countries across Europe.

"If we had not had a clear plan to put the public finances on a sustainable path then Britain might have experienced a fiscal crisis, we would not have had the fiscal space to deal with the coronavirus pandemic when it hit."

The British Medical Association said Mr Osborne's "denial" of a connection between austerity and the impact of the pandemic on the most vulnerable was "staggering".

On Monday, the Trades Union Congress (TUC) produced a report which said austerity had led to unsafe staffing in public services leaving the UK "hugely unprepared" for Covid.

During the one hour 20 minute question session, Mr Osborne was also asked about the Treasury's planning for potential national lockdown.

He said the department had plans for an outbreak of influenza but added "given what subsequently happened that was very small scale".

"There was no planning done by Treasury - or any western Treasury - for asking the entire population to stay at home for months and months on end.

"If someone had said to you the UK government should be preparing for a lockdown that might last for months, then I have no doubt the Treasury would have developed schemes it did subsequently develop around the furlough and the Covid loans.

"Planning could have been done for a furlough scheme in advance - I'm not clear that would have made a better furlough scheme than the one we as a country actually saw."

Earlier in the day, Sir Oliver Letwin, a senior minister in David Cameron's government, told the inquiry a rapid turnover of civil service staff hindered the government's ability to plan for pandemics.

He also warned that the UK was "wildly under-resilient" and said there should be a minister "solely devoted" to the subject.

Labour said the admissions were "too little, too late", adding the Conservatives "cannot be trusted to protect the public from the emergencies of tomorrow".

Sign up for our UK morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

The bullet that killed Olivia was fired through the front door

A man has been found guilty of murdering nine-year-old Olivia Pratt-Korbel, who was fatally shot in her home in Liverpool.

Thomas Cashman, 34, killed Olivia and injured her mother Cheryl Korbel as he chased a fellow drug dealer into their home on the evening of 22 August.

There were gasps and tears in court as he was convicted, with Ms Korbel later saying she felt "ecstatic".

Merseyside Police said Cashman was "not worthy of walking the streets".

Cashman, who was also found guilty of wounding Ms Korbel, the attempted murder of Joseph Nee and possession of firearms with intent to endanger life, will be sentenced on Monday.

The jury of 10 men and two women at Manchester Crown Court took nine hours and three minutes to reach their unanimous verdicts.

BBC Panorama investigates how Liverpool came to dominate the UK drug market and how organised crime brought death to Olivia Pratt-Korbel's door.

Ms Korbel, 46, wearing a pink cardigan and holding a teddy bear, sat with her children Chloe and Ryan in the court as the verdicts were read out.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Cashman wiped away tears in the dock and turned to his family in the public gallery behind, shaking his head.

One of his relatives could be heard saying "appeal it" and they left the courtroom shouting and swearing.

During the trial, the jury heard 36-year-old Nee, who has a number of previous convictions, was the intended target of the attack.

Cashman, who made up to £5,000 per week dealing cannabis in Liverpool, had been lying in wait for his fellow drug dealer at about 22:00 BST, the jury was told.

He shot at Nee in the street and wounded him but his gun jammed as he tried to finish the job.

Thomas Cashman was convicted following a trial, which lasted more than three weeks

Nee fled for his life - heading towards the light of an open door - the home of Ms Korbel, who had heard the commotion.

But, as she tried to close the door to keep the strangers out, Cashman shot again.

The bullet went through the door, through her hand, and fatally hit Olivia in the chest.

Cashman then fled the scene, running across back gardens.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Police release footage of the arrest of Thomas Cashman

The court heard Nee and his family "had their enemies" and it was not the first time he had been targeted in a shooting.

Nee had been shot at on 8 August, two weeks before the shooting in which Olivia was killed.

During a previous hearing, which could not be reported until the conclusion of this trial, the court was told the shootings came after a feud between two families.

There had been a "background of hostility" between Nee's family and another, the court heard.

The same self-loading pistol used by Cashman to kill Olivia had been fired at Nee in the earlier incident, police said.

The defence sought to elicit further material supporting a feud between the two families, including a fight in prison involving two of them and an alleged "straightener" in a pub.

There was insufficient evidence Cashman was involved in the shooting on 8 August but he had not been eliminated by police, the court heard.

Olivia's murder made national headlines. A child gunned down inside her own home, where she should have been safest.

The case is considered a real low. But it's not a new low for Liverpool.

Eerily, exactly 15 years to the very day, 11-year-old Rhys Jones was fatally shot by a stray bullet.

Olivia's murder carried the sense of history repeating itself.

Maybe that's why it provoked such a strong reaction within the local community.

Detectives say that information flowed into their incident room in a volume they haven't experienced before.

And even some of those who might have been expected to put up a wall of silence spoke out.

Criminals talked about "a line having been crossed".

During the trial, Cashman, a father-of-two, had told the court he had been at a friend's house where he counted £10,000 in cash and smoked a spliff at around the time of the shooting.

But a woman, who had had a fling with Cashman, told the jury he came to her house after the shooting, where he changed his clothes and she heard him say he had "done Joey".

It can now also be reported that Paul Russell, 41, admitted driving Cashman away from a house where he fled to following Olivia's murder and disposing of his clothing.

Russell, of Snowberry Road, Liverpool, pleaded guilty to assisting an offender at a hearing at Liverpool Crown Court in October and will also be sentenced on Monday.

Journalists were prevented from reporting his plea until the conclusion of Cashman's trial.

Det Supt Mark Baker, the senior investigating officer in the case, said Cashman's actions were "abhorrent".

He said officers were still "hunting down" those who had enabled Olivia's murder and finding the weapons, which had not yet been recovered, was key.

"When he found out that he had shot an innocent young girl, he should have had the courage to stand up and come forward," he said.

"Instead, he chose to lie low despite the fact that he was a dad himself.

"He is not worthy of walking the streets of Merseyside, and neither are those who think they can bring fear or intimidation to our communities through the use of firearms."

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Last updated on .From the section Rugby Union

England prop Vickii Cornborough has retired from international rugby, saying she does not feel mentally ready to return after giving birth to twins last summer.

The 34-year-old won 75 caps for the Red Roses and reached two World Cup finals.

She has been on maternity leave from the England set-up.

"I'm probably the strongest I've ever been but I'm just not there yet mentally because having twins is really hard," Cornborough told BBC Sport.

"Living off a couple of hours of sleep a night is not conducive to a high-performance pressure environment.

"Stepping away from the Red Roses and announcing my retirement is the right thing for me to do."

The Harlequins prop made her England debut in 2015 and played at the 2017 and 2021 World Cups.

She won four Six Nations titles in a row for England between 2019 and 2022.

Her last Test for England was their World Cup final defeat by New Zealand in 2022, a match she played while unaware she was pregnant.

England will host the Women's World Cup in 2025 for the first time since 2010.

"It's a big weight off my shoulders to finally admit it to myself and say I'm ready [to retire]," said Cornborough, who has maintained a career in the technology industry with the same company for 10 years, alongside her England contract.

"It's a life-changing decision. It's something I'm excited but nervous about because England has been my life for the last 10 years."

She credits her "dual career" with Cloud Direct for giving her the "choice of when and how I can retire from professional rugby on my terms.

Cornborough was the second England player, after lock Abbie Ward, to announce a pregnancy after the Rugby Football Union (RFU) updated its maternity policy in February 2023.

Previously, the RFU did not have a maternity policy designed specifically for players.

Cornborough, who was elected vice-chair of the Rugby Players Association in 2019, becoming the first woman to hold an RPA leadership role, described the old policy as "not fit for purpose".

She is also keen to celebrate the different paths that she and Abbie Ward have taken on their journeys to motherhood.

"I'm a very private person and I didn't want it going out everywhere, there are so many emotions," she said.

"I wanted to control my own narrative."

Weeks before Cornborough gave birth to her twin daughters, her sister Sam, who also has two young children, was diagnosed with breast cancer.

Cornborough is an ambassador for Rugby Against Cancer and took part in cancer charity Macmillan's Brave the Shave campaign, raising more than £5,000.

"She had quite an aggressive form of cancer - she had to have a mastectomy followed by chemotherapy, radiotherapy, hormone therapy," said Cornborough.

"She's just completed chemo - she's an absolute trooper. She was worried about losing her hair and losing her anonymity. I said: 'Why don't I lose my hair as well?'

"My hair used to be down to my waist. I've now sent it to the Little Princess Trust."

The government first promised guidance for schools in relation to transgender pupils more than five years ago.

And while the Department for Education (DfE) says it will finally publish new guidance for schools in England this term, for many this cannot come soon enough.

Finding a school willing to talk about its transgender policies is almost impossible.

BBC News contacted head teachers across England but almost all were too anxious to be interviewed on camera. They did not want to draw attention to their school - or pupils who identify as trans or non-binary.

In 2018, the government said it would work with the human-rights watchdog to publish "comprehensive guidance for schools on how to support trans pupils". Without it, many schools are making their own decisions, such as whether to introduce gender-neutral toilets or changing rooms - and how they are used.

Some teachers told BBC News they worried whatever they did would "not only be criticised but publicly vilified" and, while schools needed clarity, it was a "no-win" situation.

Others said they might have to consult solicitors, amid fears of doing the "wrong thing".

Head teacher Kevin Sexton told BBC News many schools wanted better guidance and advice to help make decisions "in the best interests of the child".

His, Chesterfield High School, a mixed-sex comprehensive in Crosby, Merseyside, has developed its own approach.

The school has more than 1,200 pupils, 10-20 of whom identify as transgender, non-binary or gender fluid.

There are single-sex and gender-neutral toilets, with floor-to-ceiling lockable cubicles and a supervising member of staff. And private PE changing rooms, used by all the trans pupils, are available to all.

The school's support for children questioning their gender identity had been developed over the past decade, Mr Sexton said.

"We've tried to create a school that's tolerant and inclusive," he said.

"We'll work with individual children to actually think about what they want to use and access - and it becomes really manageable."

Chesterfield High had never faced a challenge from parents - but other head teachers had.

Head teacher Kevin Sexton says everyone should feel safe and happy at school

Using the survey tool Teacher Tapp, BBC News asked almost 7,000 teachers in England a series of questions about their experience with transgender pupils.

About 8% of primary-school teachers said they taught trans or non-binary pupils, compared with 75% in secondary.

And just over half said they would not be very or at all confident about the next steps to take if a child wanted to change their name, use different pronouns or change their appearance, hairstyle or clothes - what is known as socially transitioning.

When and how schools should involve parents if a child wishes to identify as a gender different to their birth sex - and what to do if a parent disagrees - are among the most controversial matters the guidance is expected to address.

Every classroom at Chesterfield High School has a pride flag

A report into gender-identity services in England says socially transitioning may have significant psychological effects - and better information is needed about its outcomes.

And last year, an NHS England consultation proposed socially transitioning should be considered in certain circumstances only, such as to alleviate or prevent "clinically significant distress".

About three-quarters of the teachers in the Teacher Tapp survey said their school would support a child who wished to socially transition.

And 39% of the secondary teachers who responded said they would support this, regardless of parental consent.

"Everyone involved in a child's life should work together and investigate why a child may feel a certain way," says Tanya Carter, of the Safe Schools Alliance organisation, which is worried about how some schools are managing gender identity.

"Teachers are not doctors. [Socially transitioning] is something that should only be done with medical oversight. Concerns arise when schools affirm someone as the opposite sex, locking in what may or not may not be a transient phase in that child's life."

The organisation receives several messages every day from both parents and teachers worried about toilets, changing rooms, sports and overnight accommodation on school trips becoming mixed-sex.

"We get parents who have found out that their children have been socially transitioned behind their backs at schools, because the schools haven't spoken to parents," Miss Carter says. "Schools are keeping secrets from parents."

Penni Allen, who runs Chesterfield High's wellbeing unit, says the school takes parents' views into account but that "doesn't mean that we're not going to continue supporting that child".

The school tries to de-escalate any emotions and issues with parents and help the child understand what they are feeling.

"Some children will come and say they're just exploring," Mrs Allen says. "Others will say they've been feeling this way for quite some time. They might just be at the start of a journey that never goes anywhere.

"It's not about putting them on a pathway. We don't put your child in a box and put a label on it that says, 'Your child is now trans.'

"We like to think we've got a good relationship with parents here… and hopefully, we get it right."

Penni Allen runs Chesterfield High's wellbeing unit, where pupils can talk to counsellors about difficulties, including around gender identity

BBC News spoke to parents of trans children at other schools in England but, as with teachers, it is difficult to find a view everyone agrees with and will speak about on record.

Some parents told BBC News they did not want any decisions made without their approval and were not happy with their children changing their names or pronouns.

Some felt their children may be struggling with their sexual orientation, rather than gender identity, and needed space and time to explore that before making other decisions, which could potentially lead down a medical pathway such as puberty blockers.

But others wanted schools to put their child's choices first, regardless of their own involvement, and were supportive of their trans identity and socially transitioning.

The decisions schools make, or do not make, can have a huge impact on the young people affected.

Ellie, 18, was the first pupil to publicly identify as non-binary at their Catholic school, an isolating and frustrating experience.

The lack of government guidance means teachers "can't do their jobs properly", Ellie says. And they were "learning as they went" when Ellie wanted help.

"A lot of them just don't know how to deal with things - or they're worried about saying the wrong thing, especially with it being a faith school," Ellie says.

"It's just really important that teachers and school staff feel like they know what they're talking about when a student comes to them and they're facing a gender-identity issue or a sexuality issue."

And teachers' worries about the reaction from the media and some parents may be a barrier to schools making changes that support pupils.

Ellie, 18, was the first pupil to publicly identify as non-binary at their Catholic school

The guidance will build upon existing guidelines to protect people from discrimination.

But in a move signalling just how sensitive the matter is, the Department for Education will publish a draft for consultation before the final guidance is issued, which is rare for non-statutory - advisory, rather than compulsory - guidance.

It is likely to cover issues such as whether single-sex schools are legally obliged to admit transgender pupils or whether schools should inform parents if their child is questioning their gender.

It may also offer advice on sleeping arrangements during residential trips and how to manage single-sex sports. But it is not clear whether schools would receive additional funding to help them make any changes.

A Department for Education official said it was "important that we take the time to get this right" so the guidance on such "sensitive matters" was "as clear as possible for schools". The guidance would be "based upon the overriding principle of the wellbeing and safeguarding of children, and it will consider a range of issues".

Every day, Teacher Tapp asks thousands of primary and secondary teachers, in both the state and private sector, questions about their experiences in the classroom.

According to the survey for BBC News, 9% say there are adequate support services to which to refer children experiencing unease about their gender identity.

The Association of School and College Leaders (ASCL) says it receives a "steady stream" of inquiries from its members.

In 2022, alongside other teaching unions, it published guidance on balancing transgender pupils' needs with those of others, within the legal framework of the Equality Act.

But ASCL director of policy Julie McCulloch says without official guidance, schools are working "in a vacuum". And it is calling for it to be published and fully consulted on as soon as possible.

"There are parents and people in the wider school community who understandably have very strong views about this issue," Ms McCulloch says. "So there's also pressure coming on schools from their communities to make sure they get this right."

Have you been affected by the issues in this story? Email your experiences haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Last updated on .From the section European Football

Former Arsenal, Real Madrid and Germany midfielder Mesut Ozil has retired from football at the age of 34.

Ozil won nine trophies during his club career including four FA Cups and the Spanish La Liga title in 2012.

He also won 92 caps for Germany and was part of the team that lifted the 2014 World Cup in Brazil.

"It has been an amazing journey filled with unforgettable moments and emotions," Ozil said in a statement on social media.

"I've had the privilege to be a professional football player for almost 17 years now and I feel incredibly thankful for the opportunity.

"But in recent weeks and months, having also suffered some injuries, it's become more and more clear that it's time to leave the big stage of football."

Ozil began his career at Schalke and Werder Bremen before moving to Real Madrid in the summer of 2010, winning La Liga, the Copa del Rey and the Spanish Super Cup.

He joined Arsenal for a then club record fee of £42.4m in September 2013, winning back-to-back FA Cups in his first two seasons before being named player of the season in his third, and then winning the cup again in 2017.

The playmaker became the highest-paid player in the club's history in January 2018, signing a three-and-a-half-year deal on about £350,000 a week before tax, but fell out of favour under new Arsenal boss Unai Emery.

After Emery's dismissal in December 2019 Ozil returned to the side under interim boss Freddie Ljungberg and kept his place under new permanent manager Mikel Arteta, before the coronavirus pandemic forced a three-month suspension of the top flight in March 2020.

Ozil did not play for the club when football resumed in June, although he would claim a fourth FA Cup winners' medal when the Gunners beat Chelsea in the 2020 final.

He joined Fenerbahce on a free transfer in January 2021 but had his contract cancelled by mutual consent in July 2022 when he joined Istanbul Basaksehir, where injuries limited him to just eight appearances.

Ozil could have played for Germany or Turkey at international level but chose to play for the country of his birth.

He was named man of the match as Germany Under-21s beat England in the European U21 Championship final in June 2009, having already made his debut for the senior side aged 20 earlier that year.

Ozil was named Germany player of the year five times and was part of the side that reached the semi-finals of the 2010 World Cup and Euro 2012, as well as winning the 2014 World Cup.

However, he retired from international football in 2018, citing the "racism and disrespect" he faced in Germany over his Turkish roots after he was criticised for being photographed with Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
• None Our coverage of your Premier League club is bigger and better than ever before - follow your team and sign up for notifications in the BBC Sport app to make sure you never miss a moment

Hannah Waddingham, Julia Sanina, Alesha Dixon met for the first time on Wednesday - three weeks ahead of Eurovision

Eurovision co-host Alesha Dixon says May's contest is "so much more than a competition", as Liverpool prepares to stage the event on Ukraine's behalf.

"It's very important. We feel that sense of responsibility, to do it with joy, love," she said.

The Britain's Got Talent judge will present alongside Ted Lasso star Hannah Waddingham and Ukrainian musician Julia Sanina for the semi-finals.

Graham Norton will complete the line-up for next month's final in Liverpool.

Sanina, who is the front woman of Ukrainian rock band The Hardkiss which will open the first semi-final, said this year's contest was a "big deal" for her country.

"Even last year, when people were watching Eurovision from bomb shelters, lots of them were still voting and wanted to win," she added.

"We have to always balance the joy and the love with what Julia just said," Waddingham said. "People voting from the bomb shelters hits me more than anything and there's the reason I wanted to get involved."

Normally the country that wins Eurovision then hosts it the following year, but organisers decided that due to Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine it was too dangerous to stage one of the world's biggest events.

The presenters will front the song contest at three live shows - two semi-finals on Tuesday 9 and Thursday 11 May.

The BBC's Eurovision commentator Graham Norton will then join the trio for the final on Saturday 13 May, splitting his time between the stage and the commentary booth he's sharing this year with Mel Giedroyc.

More than 160 million will watch the song contest over the three live shows

Rehearsals for the hosts, as well as for the 37 acts competing, will begin at the beginning of May, and Waddingham told BBC News she's looking forward to the results the most.

"It's the age-old Terry Wogan and Katie Boyle saying 'Good evening Portugal' - that literally gives me shivers of excitement," she said.

"My 12-year-old self couldn't believe I'd ever be saying that. Honestly it makes me quite emotional."

As this year's host broadcaster, the BBC has announced extensive plans for its Eurovision coverage over the next three weeks, including an appearance from Bucks Fizz star Cheryl Baker in EastEnders, and special shows dedicated to the contest from Bargain Hunt to Pointless.

All the build-up, insights and analysis is explored each week on a BBC podcast called Eurovisioncast.

Eurovisioncast is available on BBC Sounds, or search wherever you get your podcasts from.

A 5% pay rise from April has been offered to NHS staff in England, including nurses and ambulance workers.

In addition, staff have been offered a one-off payment of at least £1,655 to top up the past year's pay award.

Unions are recommending members back the deal, after nearly two weeks of talks with ministers, raising hopes the bitter dispute may be coming to an end.

The offer covers all NHS staff except doctors, who are on a different contract.

Health Secretary Steve Barclay said it was a "fair pay rise" that would also protect the government's commitment to halve inflation.

"I hugely admire the incredible work of NHS staff," he said. "I look forward to continuing our work together to make the NHS a better place to work."

Mr Barclay said there had been movement on both sides and praised the "constructive engagement" of the unions.

Fourteen unions were represented at the talks, covering:

The biggest three - the Royal College of Nursing, Unison and the GMB - are all backing the deal, while Unite the Union has said it cannot recommend it to members but will put it to a vote.

Unison head of health Sara Gorton said: "It's a shame it took so long to get here.

"Health workers had to take many days of strike action and thousands more had to threaten to join them to get their unions into the room and proper talks under way."

If her members accepted the deal, it would mean a "significant" boost in pay, Ms Gorton added.

RCN general secretary Pat Cullen said: "Members took the hardest of decisions to go on strike and I believe they have been vindicated today."

But Unite told BBC News that it is not advising its members on how to vote on the pay offer because "it falls short of what we were asking for".

Speaking to BBC News, Unite official Onay Kasab said members "wanted a consolidated payment... they did not want one-off non-consolidated sums".

The offer, he claims, is "not really going to help recruitment in the NHS" because "only current staff members will get it".

It comes after a winter of industrial action, with nurses, ambulance staff and physios all striking.

The unions put further action on hold, after the two sides agreed to discussions last month.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said he was "delighted" with the agreement over pay during a visit to a hospital in London on Thursday afternoon.

Despite weeks of criticism from opposition parties and unions about the government's "dither and delay" leading to more strikes, Mr Sunak said: "We have taken a reasonable approach throughout."

He also called the pay "affordable for the taxpayer and continues to deliver on my promise to halve inflation".

Mr Sunak and Mr Barclay visited a hospital in London on Thursday.

A Downing Street spokesperson later added the government does not believe the pay offer will be inflationary.

When asked about the fact it had said, earlier in the dispute, that giving more than a 3.5% pay award could stoke inflation, Mr Sunak's deputy spokesperson said he did not believe that would happen with this deal, adding: "We don't believe so. The two one-off payments for 22/23 we don't believe will create future inflationary pressures."

The spokesperson added the rise for the coming year would also not stoke inflation, since "5% is broadly in line with pay growth in the wider economy so we don't see it having an impact on private sector pay which ultimately leads to inflation".

And when asked whether the money to fund the rise would have to come from the existing NHS/Department for Health and Social Care (DHSC) budget the spokesperson insisted frontline service would not suffer and discussions were taking place between the DHSC and the Treasury.

When asked about further money for the NHS to fund the deal, the spokesperson again said discussions would take place with the Treasury.

However, shadow health secretary Wes Streeting criticised the "last minute" nature of the offer, calling the government "incompetent" and saying Mr Barclay "doesn't know how he's going to pay for it".

"Even when they arrive at a solution it's so late that it causes a new wave of problems."

NHS staff have seen pay rise by an average of 4.75% during 2022-23 - with the lowest paid receiving the biggest rises - but unions had been asking for above-inflation rises, which at one point, would have equated to an increase of more than 14%.

The one-off payment to top up that pay award starts at £1,655 for the lowest-paid staff such as cleaners and porters and rises to just over £2,400 for the most senior front-line roles such as nurse consultants.

For staff in management positions, such as directors of nursing and chief finance officers, the one-off payment is worth up to £3,789.

The government had originally offered 3.5% from April, for the 2023-24 financial year - but during the talks, ministers agreed to 5%. The lowest paid will receive more.

Matthew Taylor, of the NHS Confederation, which represents managers, said health leaders would "breathe a sigh of relief". "We now await the decision of union members," he said.

He also urged the British Medical Association to enter talks - junior doctors staged a three-day walkout this week, in their fight for a 35% pay rise.

They say this is needed to make up for below-inflation wages rises over the past 15 years - but ministers say it is unaffordable.

Ministers have offered the BMA talks on the same basis as with the other unions - but it has declined.

Strike action has also been paused in Wales and Scotland by most unions while new offers are considered. The GMB in Scotland has accepted the Scottish offer, worth 14% over two years.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The assailant pointed the gun at Mr Khan and ordered him to take off his watch

CCTV capturing the moment former world boxing champion Amir Khan was robbed at gunpoint has been shown in court.

Mr Khan, 36, was targeted when he and his wife left the Sahara Grill restaurant in Leyton, east London, in April last year.

Snaresbrook Crown Court has heard he was forced to hand over his bespoke £72,000 Franck Muller watch by gunman Dante Campbell, 20.

The assailant pointed the gun in his face and said: "Take off the watch."

Ismail Mohamed, 24, from Edmonton; Ahmed Bana, 25, from Tottenham; and Nurul Amin, 25, from Harringay; all north London, all deny conspiracy to rob.

Campbell, from Hornsey in north London, has pleaded guilty to the charges, the jury has been told.

The robbery, which lasted just seconds, was captured on CCTV played to the jury.

In the footage, Mr Khan is seen smiling as he leaves the restaurant with his wife Faryal Makhdoom, 31, before crossing the road towards a waiting car being driven by the sportsman's friend, Omar Khalid,

Two robbers get out of a silver Mercedes coupe parked in front and a hooded man jogs towards Mr Khan, raises his arm and points a gun at the boxer.

Mr Khan previously told the court that having a gun pointed at him was scarier than any of his fights

Mr Khan hands over his watch and the robbers run back to the Mercedes.

They drive away as members of the public rush towards Mr Khan.

Mr Bana is alleged to have been the driver of the car, which dropped Campbell and another unknown robber at the scene before serving as the getaway vehicle.

Mr Amin and Mr Mohamed, along with another man who is not on trial, are said to have acted as "spotters" - dining in the restaurant to keep track of Mr Khan's movements and relay them by phone to Mr Bana.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

Johnson was "kind and wonderful" and always had "a twinkle in her eye", her family and representatives said

Actress Meg Johnson, who appeared in three of the UK's most popular soap operas, has died at the age of 86.

A soap stalwart, Johnson was Coronation Street's Eunice Gee and Brookside's Brigid McKenna, before joining Emmerdale as Pearl Ladderbanks in 2003.

In a statement, her family, talent agency Jorg Betts Associates and ITV said she had been "kind and wonderful" and always had "a twinkle in her eye".

They said she had dementia in recent years, but "battled on" regardless.

They said it was with "great sadness" that they had to announce she died "peacefully" on Saturday evening, "surrounded by her family"

"Meg was a kind and wonderful lady, full of warmth and always with a twinkle in her eye," they said.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Emmerdale This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

They said she had had "an outstanding career" and had "battled on personally and professionally regardless" after her dementia diagnosis.

"She will be greatly missed by everyone who knew her," they added.

A host of soap stars took to social media to pay tribute to Johnson, including her Emmerdale co-star Danny Miller, who said he was "truly devastated".

"Pearl was a fair way to describe our lovely Meg," he said.

He said she was the creator of the phrase "pig's bum" which she would say whenever she forgot her lines and had been "a loved soul throughout the building".

Former cast member Gemma Oaten said the "late and great" Johnson had been a "beautiful woman inside and out, who was always so kind to me".

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post 2 by Gemma Oaten This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Born in Manchester in 1936, Johnson had a number of TV roles before making her Coronation Street debut in 1976 as Brenda Holden.

She went on to jon the soap's cast as Eunice Gee in 1981, a role she returned to several times for the next two decades.

She was also part of the cast of Victoria Wood: As Seen On TV in the mid-1980s, alongside the late comedian, as well as Dame Julie Walters and Celia Imrie, and in 1997, she took to the stage in the original cast of the London revival of Chicago, playing prison warder Matron Mama Morton for more than a year.

In 2000, she was cast as Brigid McKenna in Channel 4's Brookside, playing the role until the soap's cancellation in 2003, when she moved on to Emmerdale, where she portrayed the much loved character Pearl Ladderbanks for 17 years.

Johnson was married to ITV Granada continuity announcer Charles Foster, who was widely reported to have died earlier in 2023.

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The decorative planter urn has gone missing

Police are investigating the theft of a decorative planter urn and flowers that were stolen from the grave of Dame Vivienne Westwood.

The iconic fashion designer, who was born in the village of Tintwistle, Derbyshire, before moving to London, died in December.

She was laid to rest in the village, where a florist - who had been tending to the grave at Westwood's family's request - was told of the theft.

Dame Vivienne was born in the village in 1941 before moving to London in 1958.

She went on to be one of Britain's most recognised fashion exports and took on a series of causes, campaigning on issues such as fracking, climate change and nuclear weapon disarmament.

A memorial at Southwark Cathedral in London in February was attended by dozens of celebrities, many donning her pieces in tribute.

She was then laid to rest at a private family funeral in the Derbyshire village.

Dame Vivienne Westwood was born in Tintwistle in 1941 before moving to London in 1958

Florist Anja Norris - who runs a business in nearby Glossop - was chosen to design and make the floral attachments to the grave.

Of the theft, Ms Norris said she was shocked the "very heavy" urn had been taken, adding a car would have been needed to move it.

"It's just so disrespectful, I hope they bring it back," Ms Norris told the BBC.

Master florist Anja Norris said she was shocked at the theft

Derbyshire Police said officers were called to a report of the theft, in Chapel Brow, just after 18:20 BST on 28 May.

Anyone who saw anything suspicious in the area between midnight on 21 May and midday on 28 May has been asked to contact the force.

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

Last updated on .From the section Plymouth

Plymouth Argyle have sacked head coach Ian Foster after just three months in the job.

The former England Under-20s boss has been in charge of the Championship club since early January after Steven Schumacher left for Stoke City.

After an initial good start, Argyle's form fell away drastically over the past two months as they won just one of 11 Championship games.

The slump has left Argyle one place and one point off the relegation places.

Director of football Neil Dewsnip and first-team coach Kevin Nancekivell will take charge of the team for the remainder of the season.

First-team coach Simon Ireland and goalkeeping coach Daryl Flahavan - who joined the club under Foster - will stay in their roles.

"Ian was hired through a thorough and extensive recruitment process and his coaching credentials really stood out when making the appointment," chairman Simon Hallett said in a statement on the club website.

"But we have to balance long-term stability against short-term decisions, and we have given Ian as long as possible to see if results could improve.

"Unfortunately, that hasn't been the case, and we feel now is the right time to make a change to give us the best chance of securing survival."

Argyle's 1-0 loss to Bristol City at Home Park on Easter Monday was their fifth successive home game without a goal. In two of those games they failed to register a shot on target, leading to calls from some supporters for Foster to go.

Foster, who left his role as Steven Gerrard's assistant at Saudi Arabian side Al-Ettifaq to take over at Argyle, was unbeaten in his first five games in charge of the side as he led Argyle to a win over Sutton United in the FA Cup and league victories over Cardiff City and Swansea City.

But following an extra-time loss to Leeds United in an FA Cup fourth-round replay, a 2-0 win at Middlesbrough and two draws were the only positive results in the following 11 league games.

Immediately after the Bristol City loss, Foster said he had had no discussions with the Argyle board about his future in the role, or any concerns that the club might seek a new head coach.

"Nobody's happy when you don't win a game of football - this is our lives and our livelihoods," Foster told BBC Radio Devon.

"We're fighting and that's the key thing. We're not a group who take things lightly, we're not a group that give in, we're not a group who look for excuses.

"We take responsibility and we'll try our best to go again."

Foster's hand was not helped by a number of key loan players leaving soon after his arrival.

Finn Azaz was recalled by Aston Villa and sold to Middlesbrough, while Luke Cundle joined Stoke after returning to Wolves.

But he mainly brought in inexperienced youngsters on loan to replace the players he lost, while he failed to get goals out of previously free-scoring Ryan Hardie and Morgan Whittaker over the past two months.

Foster also cut an isolated figure at times. He only recently brought in a first-team coach in former Huddersfield coach Ireland - and relied heavily on the staff still at the club after Schumacher's departure.

Foster's tenure is the shortest of any permanent Argyle boss - only Steve McCall's 15-game spell in long-term caretaker charge before Neil Warnock took over between January and March 1995 was shorter.

Plymouth Argyle's decision to go with a man who had never been the number one with a men's senior side was seen as a bit of a gamble at the time.

With his success with England Under-20s and the accomplishments of other England youth coaches such as Steve Cooper and Rob Edwards, the club could be forgiven for thinking they were hiring someone who could offer similar success.

But after an initial good start, Argyle's form has faded badly. A lack of goals has been synonymous with a side that has lost its attacking impetus.

Foster was not helped by losing players such as Azaz and Cundle in January, but replacements that he knew from his time with England Under-20s like Alfie Devine and Darko Gyabi have not had the same impact.

Having seemed like shoo-ins to stay in the Championship just two months ago, Argyle must now act quickly to find a replacement that can keep them in the division less than a year after winning League One with a club record 101 points.

Gary Lineker has said he will try to keep speaking up for people with "no voice", after criticism of his tweets on the government's asylum policy.

The Match of the Day host had said the language setting out the plan was "not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s".

Home Secretary Suella Braverman said she was disappointed by the remarks.

The BBC said it was having a "frank conversation" with Lineker about the BBC's need to remain impartial.

On Tuesday, the government outlined its plans to ban people arriving in the UK illegally from ever claiming asylum, in a bid to address a rise in the number of people crossing the Channel in small boats.

Opposition MPs and humanitarian organisations have strongly criticised the proposals to detain and swiftly remove adults regardless of their asylum claim - but the PM and home secretary have defended the plan, saying stopping the crossings is a priority for the British people.

The presenter described it on Twitter as an "immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s".

His remarks were criticised widely by Conservative MPs and ministers, including Ms Braverman and Downing Street.

The furore surrounding Lineker's latest remarks puts pressure on the BBC, with director general Tim Davie having made impartiality a cornerstone of his leadership.

Responding to some of the criticism on Wednesday, Lineker tweeted: "Great to see the freedom of speech champions out in force this morning demanding silence from those with whom they disagree."

He followed up shortly after with: "I have never known such love and support in my life than I'm getting this morning (England World Cup goals aside, possibly). I want to thank each and every one of you. It means a lot.

"I'll continue to try and speak up for those poor souls that have no voice."

Earlier, Ms Braverman told BBC One's Breakfast she was "disappointed, obviously" in his comments.

"I think it's unhelpful to compare our measures, which are lawful, proportionate and - indeed - compassionate, to 1930s Germany.

"I also think that we are on the side of the British people here."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Suella Braverman says she is "disappointed" by Gary Lineker's tweet

Downing Street later said Lineker's criticism of the new asylum policy was "not acceptable".

The prime minister's press secretary told reporters: "It's obviously disappointing to see someone whose salary is funded by hard-working British (licence fee) payers using that kind of rhetoric and seemingly dismissing their legitimate concerns that they have about small boats crossings and illegal migration."

But beyond that, they added, "it's up to the BBC" and they would not comment further.

A spokesman for Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said comparisons with Germany in the 1930s "aren't always the best way to make" an argument.

Lineker, who has presented Match of the Day since 1999, is the BBC's highest paid star, having earned about £1.35m in 2020-21.

He has in the past been vocal about migrants' rights and has taken refugees into his home. He has also been critical of successive Conservative governments over issues including Brexit.

In October, the BBC's complaints unit found Lineker had broken impartiality rules in a tweet asking whether the Conservative Party planned to "hand back their donations from Russian donors".

The comment came after the then Foreign Secretary Liz Truss urged Premier League teams to boycott the Champions League final in Russia over the invasion of Ukraine.

Mr Davie said in 2020 he was prepared to sack people to protect the BBC's reputation for impartiality.

He issued new social media guidelines and said he was willing to "take people off Twitter" - a comment which Lineker responded to at the time by saying "I think only Twitter can take people off Twitter".

The presenter's frequent outspoken online posts have been viewed by some as a test of the BBC's ability to balance its impartiality duty with its ability to attract top talent in the era of social media.

Earlier on Wednesday, when asked about how many "strikes" the presenter has had over social media posts, Mr Davie said he wasn't going to speak specifically about individuals.

He added: "I think the BBC absolutely puts the highest value on impartiality and that's clearly important to us."

In a series of tweets on Wednesday, Lineker indicated he had no intention of retracting his comment or steering clear of politics outside of his work for the BBC.

Richard Sambrook, the BBC's former director of global news, said the controversy highlighted the need for the broadcaster to clarify how impartiality rules apply to its sport staff and freelancers.

He told Radio 4's PM programme similar cases would "corrode trust" in the BBC unless the position was made clearer.

The Lineker row also comes amid scrutiny of the circumstances surrounding the appointment of BBC chairman Richard Sharp and his relationship with Boris Johnson.

A committee of MPs said last month Mr Sharp had committed "significant errors of judgement" by not disclosing his involvement in the then-prime minister's financial affairs while seeking the senior BBC post. Mr Sharp insists he got the job on merit.

The broadcaster's editorial guidelines state the organisation is "committed to achieving due impartiality in all its output" and that "public comments, for example on social media, of staff [or] presenters... can affect perceptions of the BBC's impartiality".

A spokesperson for the corporation said: "The BBC has social media guidance, which is published.

"Individuals who work for us are aware of their responsibilities relating to social media.

"We have appropriate internal processes in place if required.

"We would expect Gary to be spoken to and reminded of his responsibilities."

The corporation has also responded to previous criticism of Lineker by highlighting that he is not involved in its news or political output and is a freelance broadcaster, not a member of staff.

Virginia Crosbie was allegedly the co-host of a drinks event when Covid restrictions were in place

A Conservative MP has apologised for attending an event in Parliament while Covid restrictions were in place.

The Guido Fawkes website reported that Virginia Crosbie, MP for Ynys Mon, was the co-host of a drinks event on December 8 2020.

The site quoted a WhatsApp message from Baroness Jenkin describing the event as "joint birthday drinks".

Ms Crosbie confirmed the event took place but said she had not sent out any invitations.

"Regarding reports of an event held on 8 December 2020 I would like to set out the facts," she said in a statement.

"The invitation for this event was not sent out by me. I attended the event briefly, I did not drink and I did not celebrate my birthday. I went home shortly after to be with my family.

"I apologise unreservedly for a momentary error of judgment in attending the event."

The event came under the spotlight when Boris Johnson criticised the Privileges Committee ahead of its damning report into his conduct and accused Sir Bernard Jenkin of "monstrous hypocrisy" for allegedly attending the event with his wife.

Ms Crosbie is a former parliamentary private secretary to ex-health secretary Matt Hancock.

At the time of the event, London was still under restrictions banning indoor mixing of people from different households.

The leader of Anglesey council leader, Plaid Cymru's, Llinos Medi, accused Ms Crosbie of showing "complete contempt towards the people she represents and for the laws she was partly responsible in creating".

"Under the circumstances, I would hope Ms Crosbie refers herself to the Metropolitan Police and to the Parliamentary Standards Commissioner so that they can investigate if the party was illegal and if any further action is necessary," she said.

The police force says it is assessing a report it received on 15 June "regarding media reporting of alleged breaches in Parliament on December 8 2020 in the Houses of Parliament".

Pope Francis arrives for the weekly general audience in St Peter's Square on Wednesday

Pope Francis could be discharged from a Rome hospital "in the coming days" after he was admitted with a respiratory condition.

The pontiff has seen a "marked improvement in his health" after he received antibiotics for a bronchitis infection, the Vatican said.

The Pope spent the afternoon "devoting himself to rest, prayer and some work".

He was admitted to Gemelli Hospital on Wednesday, for what was initially said to be a scheduled check-up.

There he was then diagnosed with bronchitis, and given an antibiotic infusion, a statement from the Vatican said.

"Based on the expected progress [of his health], the Holy Father could be discharged in the coming days," the Vatican statement said, quoting his medical team.

Earlier on Thursday, Vatican spokesman Matteo Bruni said the 86-year-old "rested well during the night".

"This morning after breakfast, he read some newspapers and resumed work," he said.

He added that he then went to the chapel of the hospital, where he prayed and received the Eucharist.

This is the busiest time of the year for Pope Francis, with many events and services scheduled ahead of Easter weekend.

Palm Sunday Mass takes place this weekend, with Holy Week and Easter celebrations following next week.

Italian news agency Ansa reported nurses were optimistic he would be out of hospital in time for Palm Sunday.

The Argentine pontiff marked 10 years as head of the Catholic Church earlier this month. He has suffered a number of health issues throughout his life, including having part of one of his lungs removed at age 21.

While keeping a busy schedule and travelling widely, he has for the past year used a wheelchair because of knee pain and admitted last summer he had to slow down.

Seven children and two adults have been injured after a car crashed into a primary school building in Wimbledon, south-west London.

A gold-coloured Land Rover crashed into The Study Preparatory School in Camp Road just before 10:00 BST.

A major incident has been declared and several people are being treated by paramedics.

An air ambulance is at the scene and firefighters have also been deployed to the area.

Over 20 people died from the mass shooting, and 22 more were injured

The Texas gunman who killed 23 people at a Walmart in 2019 has been sentenced to 90 consecutive life sentences in federal prison.

The 24-year-old had pleaded guilty after federal prosecutors said they would not seek the death penalty.

The sentencing follows two days of emotional testimony from witnesses, as the murderer sat face-to-face with survivors and relatives.

It was one of the deadliest mass shootings in US history.

As police escorted Patrick Crusius out of the courtroom, Dean Reckard, whose mother, Margie Reckard, was killed in the shooting, shouted: "We will be seeing you again, you coward."

The killer could still face the death penalty on capital murder charges in state court.

Over 50 people sat in the crowded court in El Paso on Friday morning, while more gathered in an overflow area outside to watch the sentencing.

Carrying an assault-style rifle, the attacker targeted mostly Hispanic shoppers when he killed 23 and injured 22 more in the US-Mexico border town of El Paso.

The gunman, who is white, had posted a hate-filled, anti-immigrant screed online minutes before he sprayed shoppers with bullets.

In February, he pleaded guilty to 90 charges, including 23 counts for hate crime acts that resulted in death, 22 hate crime acts that caused bodily injury, 23 counts of using a firearm in a federal crime of violence resulting in death and 22 counts of using a firearm in a federal crime of violence.

Survivors and family of those killed in the mass shooting spoke directly to the gunman for the first time on Wednesday.

The attacker showed little emotion throughout the sentencing, where the loved ones of his victims delivered emotional statements, calling him a "monster", "killer", and a "parasite".

Some family members rebuked the gunman for his reactions during their statements.

"You can roll your eyes, you can smile, you can smirk," said the granddaughter of David Johnson, who was killed.

One tearful girl said: "I used to be a happy, normal teenager, until a coward chose to use violence against the innocent. I'm no longer as happy as I used to be."

Kathleen Johnson told the gunman she now has night terrors and post-traumatic stress disorder after losing her husband in the attack.

Hands and feet shackled, the gunman nodded "yes" on Thursday when asked by the son of another victim if he was sorry for his actions.

The judge requested he receive mental health treatment at ADX Florence, a maximum facility prison in Colorado.

On 3 August 2019, the gunman entered the Walmart parking lot dressed in protective ear muffs and safety glasses, wielding a high-powered assault-style rifle and opened fire.

He continued to shoot inside the store, injuring and killing victims in the checkout area, between shopping aisles and at a bank near the entrance.

He was arrested the same day.

He admitted to leaving his home near Dallas - roughly 650 miles away - to go to the border town, which is 80% Hispanic, to target Latinos.

Those who were killed ranged in age from a three-year-old child, whose parents were also killed, to elderly grandparents. Eight of the victims held Mexican citizenship.

Police cars were parked outside the temporary housing unit in Sidegate Lane on Friday

A man and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a two-year-old girl was found at a property, police have said.

Suffolk Police said the toddler's remains were found at a temporary housing unit on Sidegate Lane in Ipswich at about 11:45 BST on Friday.

The force said a Bedfordshire man and a woman of no fixed abode, who are both 22, were arrested in Bury St Edmunds.

A representative said the pair were "known to the victim".

They added that officers were "not seeking any other suspects in connection with this case at this time".

Appealing for information, Supt Jane Topping said the force was "still looking to establish the exact circumstances leading to the death of this child".

"Clearly, such a discovery is extremely distressing for everyone concerned," she said.

"We'd ask people not to speculate on social media as to the identity of the child or to the circumstances surrounding her death."

Ipswich Borough Council, which operates the housing unit, has declined to comment

She added that a "highly visible presence of officers" would "continue in the area for the next few days with reassurance patrols".

"These officers are available to speak to concerned members of the community," she said.

"This is a fast-moving investigation and we are appealing to the local community for any information which may aid this investigation."

Ipswich Borough Council, which operates the housing unit, has declined to comment.

Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp on 0800 169 1830

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

At least 29 people have been killed and one injured in a fire in a nightclub in Turkey.

The Masquerade club, in the basement of a high-rise building in Istanbul, was closed and being renovated during the day.

The fire broke out just after midday, Istanbul governor Davut Gül said, adding that the cause was unclear.

Mr Gül said that the victims of the fire were thought to have been involved in the renovation work.

Eight people, including the nightclub manager and a person responsible for the renovations, have had warrants out for their arrest in connection with the fire as investigations continue.

Three of them have been detained, while warrants are outstanding for others.

Firefighters and other first responders surrounded the charred and smoking entrance to the club, which occupies two floors underneath a 16-storey residential building in the city's Gayrettepe district.

The number of victims has rapidly increased throughout the afternoon, with the governor's office issuing a string of updates.

The newly re-elected Mayor of Istanbul, Ekrem Imamoglu, said the club had not applied for the correct construction permit.

"There is no application [to the local municipality] for a renovation or a construction regarding the place and as it was two floors down from the ground level, it [the work] wasn't visible," he said.

He also offered his condolences on social media to the victims.

"May God have mercy on our citizens who lost their lives, and I wish a speedy recovery to our injured," he said in a post on X, formerly Twitter.

Turkey's President, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, is aware of the tragedy following a phone call with interior minister Ali Yerlikaya.

Willoughby said it felt "very strange indeed sitting here without Phil"

Holly Willoughby has said she feels "shaken, troubled and let down" as she returned to ITV's This Morning.

The presenter's appearance on Monday's show was her first since the departure of her co-host Phillip Schofield.

Willoughby addressed viewers directly and said it felt "very strange indeed sitting here without Phil".

She added recent events had been "a lot to process" and thanked viewers for their messages of support.

Her statement received a mixed response on social media, with some viewers questioning her authenticity.

Schofield left his role on This Morning last month following reports of a rift with Willoughby.

The 61-year-old later exited ITV altogether after he admitted lying about an affair he had with a young male colleague while he was still married.

Josie Gibson is currently standing in as Willoughby's co-presenter

On Monday, Willoughby asked viewers: "Are you OK? I hope so, it feels very strange indeed sitting here without Phil. I imagine you might be feeling a lot like I have, shaken, troubled, let down, worried for the wellbeing of people on all sides of what's going on, and full of questions.

"You, me and all of us at This Morning gave our love and support to someone who was not telling the truth, who acted in a way that they themselves felt they had to resign from ITV and step down from a career that they loved.

"That is a lot to process, and it's equally hard to see the toll that it's taken on their own mental health."

Willoughby presented Monday's episode of This Morning alongside Josie Gibson, a former Big Brother winner who regularly guest presents the ITV daytime show.

Willoughby continued: "I think what unites us all now is a desire to heal, for the health and wellbeing of everyone. I hope that as we start this new chapter and get back to a place of warmth and magic that this show holds for all of us, we can find strength in each other.

"And from my heart, can I just say thank you for all of your kind messages, and thank you for being here this morning. Every single person that works on this show will continue to work hard every single day to bring you the show that we love."

In an interview with BBC News last week, Schofield said he had accepted his career was over following the affair, describing it as a "grave error".

A source close to Schofield told the Sun he would not be watching Willoughby's return on Monday, commenting: "He physically could not watch - he's not there yet. Even listening to the opening credits would be hugely triggering."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Phillip Schofield said the affair was his "biggest, sorriest secret"

Willoughby's statement at the start of Monday's This Morning seemed heartfelt and difficult for her to deliver - she was seen holding Gibson's hand for emotional support.

Perhaps one of the most striking things was that Willoughby only used Schofield's name once, right at the beginning.

After that, she did not even refer to his gender when discussing recent events. "They themselves felt they had to resign from ITV and step down from a career that they loved," she said in reference to Schofield.

Willoughby's continued presence on the programme will depend on her authenticity, and some viewers on social media were sceptical about her statement.

Some users drew comparisons with the speech Jennifer Aniston's character gave in Apple TV's The Morning Show - which also had a storyline about a disgraced former presenter. Others compared Willoughby's tears to former health secretary Matt Hancock's on Good Morning Britain in 2021.

One viewer recalled guest presenter Alison Hammond becoming emotional about Schofield last week, writing: "On Friday, I believed Alison and you could tell she was truly upset. Unfortunately, I didn't feel the same listening to Holly Willoughby this morning."

Another viewer referred to Willoughby's almost angelic on-screen look: "If I was a cynical person, I'd say they've made a very conscious decision to dress Holly Willoughby in white for her big speech."

Willoughby's emotional opening speech did not overshadow the rest of the programme. She and Gibson cleanly and skilfully segued into the show's regular tone and content

Any viewers who happened to tune in at 10:05 would never have known from watching the subsequent items about hay fever, holiday scams and BBQ king prawns that the episode had opened in such an unusually serious way.

The next few weeks will be crucial for Willoughby in proving she can still connect with viewers

This will have been exactly what bosses wanted, sending the message to viewers - and advertisers - that it's very much business as usual and the programme is not going anywhere.

But will the audience be convinced? Those watching on Twitter, admittedly an unrepresentative platform, were sceptical of Willoughby and the sincerity of her statement.

If the TV star wants to survive on the show, she will have to use the next few weeks to prove that she can still connect with viewers and build an authentic chemistry with the various guest hosts.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

A deadly fire at a school dormitory in Guyana appears to have been started by a pupil who was angry her mobile phone had been confiscated, officials say.

Nineteen people - mostly female students - were killed in the blaze in the South American country in the early hours of Monday.

The dorm was reportedly locked and had covered windows which trapped victims.

The teenage suspect is currently in hospital with burns, and has reportedly admitted to the arson.

Authorities are now taking advice on whether to charge her, according to a government source who spoke to the AFP news agency.

The fire was started in the bathroom area and eventually tore through the whole building, which was partially made of wood and was housing 57 pupils at the time.

Survivors of the incident in the central town of Mahdia spoke of being woken up in the middle of the night by screams.

The building, which housed 57 people, was completely destroyed

The girl is accused of threatening her attack after being disciplined for having a relationship with an older man, according to an Associated Press report.

It has emerged that the dorm administrator - who lost her five-year-old son in the fire - was unable to locate the keys to unlock the door in her state of panic.

Firefighters are said to have resorted to smashing through the walls to help people escape.

But they initially struggled to contain the fire because of bad weather conditions.

As well as the victims who died - most of whom were indigenous girls - several other people were injured.

They were taken to hospital, some of them in the capital Georgetown, and a number of them remain in a serious condition.

Local media reported that the fire was so severe that DNA testing was required to identify some victims.

The fire was earlier labelled a "major disaster" by President Irfaan Ali.
• None At least 19 children dead in Guyana school fire

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Footage shows the moment Margaret Barnes made the "mistake that ultimately cost her her life"

A man who murdered a 71-year-old woman after she mistook his home for a B&B and got into his bed, has been jailed for at least 14 years.

Margaret Barnes, from Birmingham, died after being attacked in July 2022 while she was visiting Barmouth, Gwynedd.

David Redfern, 46, was given a life sentence at Caernarfon Crown Court and will serve a minimum of 14 years.

Margaret Barnes' daughter, Natalie Barnes, told the court her murder had "completely destroyed our family life".

Redfern found Mrs Barnes asleep in his bed and dragged her downstairs before kicking and stamping her to death.

Mrs Barnes had been out drinking with friends and had been planning to stay at a B&B on Marine Parade, where Redfern lived.

She mistakenly went into Redfern's house, which was unlocked, and went straight to his bedroom and fell asleep.

Prosecutor Michael Jones said this was a "mistake that ultimately cost her her life".

Mrs Barnes died in the street following the attack in Barmouth, Gwynedd, last July

Before Redfern was sentenced, Natalie Barnes told the court: "Every morning, we wake up struggling to cope with the fact that we will never see her again.

"My dad and my brother can't come to terms with the fact that Mum called out for them as she was dying, but they were unable to help her.

"It has literally destroyed our family. We no longer talk about anything other than mum's death.

"It is no longer enjoyable to see each other. Dad has completely withdrawn from family life.

"Mum didn't need to die. We don't understand why she had to."

David Redfern found Mrs Barnes in his bedroom, dragged her downstairs and kicked and stamped on her

Mrs Barnes' granddaughter, Robyn Barnes, fought back tears as she read a victim impact statement to the court.

"My grandmother was taken from us in a way we never imagined," she said.

"We struggle to think how she suffered in the last few moments of her life.

"There's an empty seat at our table at Christmas and for birthdays.

"She will never be there for the milestones in my life. She will never see me get married. She will never be able to meet my children.

"We miss her every day. We will miss her forever. We are completely heartbroken."

Redfern denied murdering Mrs Barnes, but was found guilty after a trial

He said Redfern had watched Mrs Barnes with a "threatening attitude" as she crouched on the ground trying to gather together her possessions.

The judge said although Redfern had brought Mrs Barnes water, cushions and took her pulse, he refused to call an ambulance when asked by a neighbour.

"The jury has found that she was killed by the kick or stamp which you delivered with the intention of doing her really serious physical harm," Judge Bourne said.

"Now, I accept you must have been very shocked to find a stranger in your house, in your bedroom.

"I also work on the assumption that she behaved aggressively towards your partner, accusing her of stealing and lunging towards her.

"But your reaction surpassed anything that a reasonable person could imagine.

"You're a large and strong man, aged 45 at the time. She was small and slight, at least 25 years older than you, and clearly affected by alcohol and unsteady on her feet."

Redfern had told the jury he "just wanted to get this strange woman out of the house"

Judge Bourne said the weight of the aggravating and mitigating factors almost made them cancel each other out.

"I attach particular weight to the lack of intention to kill and to the sudden and bizarre circumstances in which your un-premeditated offence was committed," he said.

"Those things do not begin to excuse what you did. They do however differentiate this case to many others."

Speaking after sentencing, Det Supt Mark Pierce, of North Wales Police, said Redfern had shown no remorse during his two-week trial.

The officer said he had tried to blame Mrs Barnes and subjected her family to "the trauma" of a court case.

"How a 21st (133kg), 6ft 1in (185cm) man could have inflicted such catastrophic injuries on a frail, 71-year-old lady, 25 years his senior, is beyond the comprehension of any reasonable person," he said.

"David Redfern is a cowardly, vicious bully and will now spend at least 14 years behind bars."

He praised Mrs Barnes' family for their "courage and dignity".

"They can now start to re-build their lives," he added.

Rhian Jones, speaking for the CPS after sentencing, said: "David Redfern's reaction to the mistake was unjustified and completely out of proportion to the situation.

"The strong evidence presented by the CPS has resulted in this conviction, and justice for Margaret Barnes.

"Her loss will continue to be felt by her family and friends, who have our deepest sympathy, but we hope the conclusion of the case will help them in their grief."

President Erdogan's powers have increased dramatically since he first led Turkey in 2003

President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has been in power for more than 20 years and he is favourite to win five more, having narrowly missed out on a first-round victory.

Turkey is a Nato member state of 85 million people, so it matters who is president both to the West and to Turkey's other partners including Russia.

Mr Erdogan's opponent in a second-round run-off on 28 May is Kemal Kilicdaroglu, who was backed by six opposition parties and won almost 45% of the vote - some 2.5 million votes less than his rival.

Turkey has become increasingly authoritarian under President Erdogan and this was the opposition's biggest chance yet to defeat him, with Turks struggling with soaring inflation and reeling from twin earthquakes that have left more than 50,000 people dead.

Whoever wins the vote on 28 May will win the presidency.

His AK Party has been in power since November 2002, and he has ruled Turkey since 2003.

Although Turkey's 64 million voters are deeply polarised, the 69-year-old leader has an in-built advantage over his rival.

Mr Erdogan's allies control most mainstream media, to the extent that state TV gave the president 32 hours and 42 minutes of air time and his challenger just 32 minutes, at the height of the campaign in April.

Monitors from the international observer group OSCE said there was an unlevel playing field and biased coverage in Turkey's vote, even if voters had genuine political alternatives.

Initially Mr Erdogan was prime minister, but he then became president in 2014, running the country from a vast palace in Ankara. He responded to a failed 2016 coup by dramatically increasing his powers and cracking down on dissent.

Leading Kurdish politicians have been jailed and other opposition figures threatened with a political ban.

But this election was the opposition's biggest hope of unseating the president yet.

Increasing numbers of Turks have blamed him for rampant inflation of 44%, and academics say the real rate is far higher than that.

He and his ruling AK Party were widely criticised for their response to the double earthquakes in February that left millions of Turks homeless in 11 provinces.

And yet most of the cities which are considered Erdogan strongholds still gave him 60% of the vote.

His party is rooted in political Islam, but he has forged an alliance with the ultra-nationalist MHP.

Kemal Kilicdaroglu, 74, is an unlikely choice of candidate to unseat the president.

He is seen as a mild-mannered and bookish opponent and presided over a string of election defeats at the helm of the main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP).

He polled well in the first round, taking Mr Erdogan to his first run-off, but not as well as the opinion polls had indicated he would.

Mr Kilicdaroglu secured the backing of six opposition parties, including the nationalist Good party and four smaller groups, which include two former Erdogan allies one of whom co-founded the AK Party.

Kemal Kilicdaroglu has agreed that the leaders of his alliance will all share the role of vice president

He also has the support of Turkey's second-biggest opposition party, the pro-Kurdish HDP, whose co-leader described the elections as "the most crucial in Turkey's history".

His biggest hope of snatching victory from a president buoyant after his first-round lead lies in increasing the support of both nationalist and Kurdish voters. A difficult feat when Turkey's nationalists want the next president to take a tougher line on Kurdish militants.

In the lead-up to the second round, he made a clear pitch to nationalist voters, banging his fists on the table and vowing to send home 3.5 million Syrian refugees. This was already his policy, but now he has decided to make a big point of it.

Kemal Kilicdaroglu's selection was not universally popular as the mayors of Istanbul and Ankara were potentially stronger candidates. Both are party colleagues who took control of Turkey's two biggest cities in 2019 for the CHP for the first time since 1994.

He is also a member of Turkey's Alevi minority, and when the opposition candidate drew attention to his roots Mr Erdogan accused him of seeking to exploit it.

His Nation Alliance, also known as the Table of Six, are united in their desire to return Turkey from the presidential system created under Mr Erdogan to one led by parliament.

The leaders of the other five members of the alliance have agreed to take on the roles of vice-president. But even if they were to win the presidency, the Erdogan alliance won a majority in parliament on 14 May and would make reforms very difficult.

Turnout in the first round was already very high at almost 89% among voters in Turkey.

If Mr Kilicdaroglu is to make up the 2.5 million votes between him and President Erdogan, he will need to win over voters who backed ultranationalist candidate Sinan Ogan who came third in the first round with 2.8 million votes.

That task was made even harder when Mr Ogan endorsed the president.

His demand is for a tougher stance on tackling Kurdish militants and returning Syrian refugees.

Mr Kilicdaroglu had already adopted a more strident tone on Syrians since the first round, promising to "send away" all refugees as soon as he came to power.

Reacting to Mr Ogan's decision to back his rival, he said the vote was now a referendum: "We are coming to save this country from terrorism and refugees."

President Erdogan said he had made no deals with Mr Ogan: 450,000 refugees had already returned home and the plan was to send back another million, he said.

The ruling AK Party of Recep Tayyip Erdogan has forged an alliance with the nationalist MHP and together they have secured a majority of 322 seats in the 600-seat parliament, down on five years ago.

Parties tend to form alliances because they need a minimum of 7% support to enter parliament.

The six-party opposition wants to change that but its Nation Alliance only managed 212 seats.

The pro-Kurdish party ran under the banner of the Green Left to avoid a potential election ban, and came third with 61 seats.

Under the Erdogan reforms, it is now the president who chooses the government, so there is no prime minister.

Under Turkey's revamped constitution allowing only two terms as president, Mr Erdogan would have to stand down in 2028 if he won the 28 May run-off. There are currently no plans for a successor.

He has already served two terms but Turkey's YSK election board ruled that his first term should be seen as starting not in 2014 but in 2018, when the new presidential system began with elections for parliament and president on the same day.

Opposition politicians had earlier asked the YSK to block his candidacy.

Under an Erdogan presidency, Turkey can expect increased control of state institutions and the media and a greater crackdown on dissent. Inflation is likely to remain high because of his preference for low interest rates.

Internationally, he could continue to resist Sweden's bid to join Nato and will paint himself as a mediator between Ukraine and Russia.

Mr Kilicdaroglu and his allies want to remove the president's right to veto legislation, cutting the post's ties to political parties and making it electable every seven years.

He wants to bring inflation down to 10% and send 3.5 million Syrian refugees home. President Erdogan has promised to speed up the voluntary repatriation of a million Syrians.

Mr Kilicdaroglu also wants kickstart Turkey's decades-long bid to join the European Union and restore "mutual trust" with the US, after years of fractious relations during the Erdogan years.

A woman hid in a bank vault to survive a mass shooting in Kentucky, and the Kentucky governor says he was close friends with some of the victims. Here's what we know so far.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Drone footage posted by Ukrainian official shows Lviv debris after Russian strike

At least nine people have been killed and power at Europe's largest nuclear plant has been lost after Russia launched missiles across Ukraine.

The attacks hit cities from Kharkiv in the north to Odesa in the south and Zhytomyr in the west.

Buildings and infrastructure were hit in Kharkiv and Odesa, with power blackouts in several areas. Attacks on the capital Kyiv are also reported.

Ukraine said Russia fired 81 missiles, in what is the biggest strike in weeks.

The military claimed it successfully shot down 34 cruise missiles and four of the eight Iranian-made Shahed drones which were fired.

The attacks mark the biggest day of Russian missile strikes on Ukraine since the end of January, when 11 people died after dozens of buildings were struck in several regions.

In Thursday's attacks, at least five people were killed in Lviv in western Ukraine, after a rocket hit their home, the region's governor Maksym Kozytskyi said on Telegram.

Russian shelling killed three people in the southern city of Kherson, where a public transport stop was hit, Ukraine's presidential chief of staff Andriy Yermak said.

While one person died and two others were injured following drone and missile strikes in the Dnipropetrovsk region, according to governor Serhii Lysak.

Nuclear energy operator Energoatom said a strike at the Zaporizhzhia plant meant the "last link" between the facility and the Ukrainian power system was cut off.

For the sixth time since it was taken over by Russia a year ago, the facility is now operating on diesel generators, which have enough supplies to last at least 10 days.

The director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) called for a commitment to protecting the safety of the plant, saying he was "astonished by the complacency" surrounding the successive strikes since the invasion began.

"Each time we are rolling a dice. And if we allow this to continue time after time then one day our luck will run out," Rafael Grossi said.

Russia-installed officials in the Moscow-controlled part of Ukraine's Zaporizhzhia region said the halt in electricity supplies to the power station from Ukrainian-held territory was "a provocation".

Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said it was "a difficult night", after Russia resumed its "wretched tactics".

He said energy systems were being restored and all services were working after the "massive" rocket attack struck critical infrastructure and residential buildings.

In Kyiv, emergency services are at the scenes of blasts in western and southern districts of the capital where the mayor, Vitaly Klitschko, said explosions had taken place.

Mr Klitschko said cars were burning in the courtyard of one residential building and he urged people to stay in shelters. Much of the city has been left without electricity, with four in 10 people without power, he added.

People gathered outside a residential building in Kyiv following the strikes

A mass missile attack struck an energy facility in the port city of Odesa, triggering power cuts, its governor Maksym Marchenko said. Residential areas were also hit but no casualties were reported, he added.

"About 15" strikes hit Kharkiv city and region, with "critical infrastructure facilities" and a residential building targeted, regional administration chief Oleg Synegubov said.

Other regions hit include Vynnytsia and Rivne in the west, and Dnipro and Poltava in the centre of the country.

Russian President Vladimir Putin launched his invasion just over a year ago. Since then tens of thousands of combatants and civilians have been killed or injured and millions of Ukrainians became refugees.

The US Director of National Intelligence, Avril Haines, suggested on Wednesday that President Putin might be planning to drag out the war for years but that Russia was not strong enough to launch major new offensives this year.

She said the war in Ukraine had become a "grinding attritional war in which neither side has a definitive military advantage".

"We do not foresee the Russian military recovering enough this year to make major territorial gains, but Putin most likely calculates the time works in his favour, and that prolonging the war including with potential pauses in the fighting may be his best remaining pathway to eventually securing Russia's strategic interests in Ukraine, even if it takes years," she said.

Emergency workers attended burning cars damaged by the Russian missile strikes in Kyiv

Ms Haines said Russia might turn to defending the territories it now occupies, adding that it would need additional "mandatory mobilization and third-party ammunition sources" to sustain even its level of operations in Ukraine.

Ukraine's military says it has pushed back intense Russian attacks on the embattled eastern city of Bakhmut despite Russian forces claiming to have taken control of its eastern half.

Moscow has been trying to take Bakhmut for months, as both sides suffer heavy losses in a grinding war of attrition.

"The enemy continued its attacks and has shown no sign of a let-up in storming the city of Bakhmut," the general staff of the Ukrainian armed forces said. "Our defenders repelled attacks on Bakhmut and on surrounding communities."

Between 20,000 and 30,000 Russian troops have been killed or wounded in the battle for the Ukrainian city of Bakhmut since it began last summer, Western officials say. The figures cannot be verified independently.

Paul Heaton also paid for drinks at 60 pubs to mark his 60th birthday last year

Pop star Paul Heaton said he is putting money behind the bar of four pubs in Warrington so fans attending a festival can "have a drink on him".

The ex-Housemartins and Beautiful South singer is playing the Neighbourhood Festival in Victoria Park this weekend.

He also paid for drinks at 60 pubs to mark his 60th birthday last year.

In a Facebook post, Heaton said the gesture was a "thank you and a small amount of help" during the cost of living crisis.

The pubs involved will be the The Bull's Head on Church Street, The Kings Head on Winwick Street and The Cheshire Cheese on Knutsford Road, which are all within a couple of miles of the festival site.

The Facebook post said: "Money will also be left behind the bar of the festival's own pub, the Neighbourhood Inn for anyone heading into the festival early looking to catch any of the artists kicking off the different stages each day.

"A similar process will be running local to the other Paul Heaton shows over this summer."

Heaton shot to fame with the Hull-based Housemartins in the early 80s.

They had two successful albums and a number of hit singles, including a cover version of Caravan of Love which reached Number One in the UK charts in December 1986.

After the band split he formed the Beautiful South in 1988, which became one of the biggest-selling UK acts of all time, releasing 15 albums over nine years.

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk
• None Drinks on the Housemartin as singer pays for pints

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Listen: Trump discusses secret documents in an audio recording first obtained by CNN

An audio recording in which Donald Trump appears to acknowledge keeping a classified document after leaving the White House has been obtained by US media.

In the recording, the former president is heard riffling through papers and saying: "This is highly confidential."

It was first obtained by CNN, but the BBC's US partner CBS also has the clip.

Mr Trump has pleaded not guilty to federal charges of mishandling sensitive documents.

CNN was the first to publish the roughly two-minute recording, which it said came from a July 2021 meeting at Mr Trump's Bedminster, New Jersey golf club between him and several people working on the memoir of his former chief of staff Mark Meadows.

Mr Trump is heard saying "these are the papers" and referring to a document about Iran, which he calls "highly confidential".

"This was done by the military and given to me," he says. "See as president I could have declassified it. Now I can't, you know, but this is still a secret."

It appears to be the same audio recording cited by federal prosecutors in their indictment of Mr Trump.

It is not clear from the indictment, however, if the documents referenced in the recording were ever recovered by investigators.

Prosecutors allege the former president showed classified documents to people without security clearance on two occasions, including a writer and two members of staff.

Mr Trump is facing 37 counts of illegally retaining classified documents and obstructing the government's efforts to get them back.

He has said all the documents he took with him from the White House were declassified, but the published audio recording appears to contradict this.

Files were allegedly stored in a ballroom at Donald Trump's Florida property Mar-a-Lago

In an interview last week with Fox News, the former president denied that he showed secret documents to people unauthorised to view them in the Bedminster meeting.

"There was no document. That was a massive amount of papers and everything else talking about Iran and other things," Mr Trump said, adding that he was presenting "newspaper stories, magazine stories and articles".

The recording, however, appears to suggest that Mr Trump was referencing specific files.

A source familiar with the investigation told CBS News on Tuesday that the Iran memo referenced by Mr Trump in the recording is not among the confidential memos he is accused of keeping after leaving the White House.

He was indicted alongside an aide, Walt Nauta, who had been expected to plead not guilty at a hearing on Tuesday. That hearing, however, was postponed until 6 July after his flight was cancelled due to bad weather.

The former president's trial is scheduled for 14 August but that is likely to be delayed. A judge is yet to rule on a motion from prosecutors seeking to delay it until 11 December.

On Monday, the federal judge overseeing the case denied a request from government prosecutors to keep the list of potential witnesses secret.

A woman hit by a police motorcycle escorting Sophie, the Duchess of Edinburgh, through London has died.

The family of 81-year-old Helen Holland, from Birchanger in Essex, said she fought "for her life for nearly two weeks... but irreversible damage to her brain finally ended the battle".

Buckingham Palace said the duchess was "deeply saddened" and sent her "deepest condolences" to all the family.

The police watchdog is investigating the crash.

Ms Holland had been in London visiting her sister when she was struck at the junction of West Cromwell Road and Warwick Road in Earl's Court on 10 May.

Following the crash, her family said she was in a coma, and on Friday the police said she remained in a critical condition.

Announcing her death, her son, Martin Holland, said his mother had died after "suffering multiple broken bones and massive internal injuries".

Sophie, who is married to the King's youngest brother, will get in touch privately with Ms Holland's family.

She gained the title of Duchess of Edinburgh when her husband Prince Edward took on a new role in March.

Sophie is deeply saddened by Helen Holland's death, the palace says

Chief Supt Richard Smith, head of the Metropolitan Police's Royalty and Specialist Protection Unit, said the "tragic outcome is being felt by colleagues across the Met" and "thoughts are very much with the woman's family and loved ones".

"Officers know that their actions, both on and off duty, are open to scrutiny and following our referral of the incident, the IOPC launched an independent investigation - we continue to co-operate with and support that inquiry," he said.

The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC), which investigates the most serious incidents involving officers, said its inquiry was "at an early stage".

It issued a witness appeal last week and said it "would still like to hear from anyone who saw or recorded any part of this incident who is yet to speak to us".

The watchdog also said it had been in touch with Ms Holland's family to explain its role and would keep them updated on the investigation.

The duchess has recently returned from a two-day visit to Iraq's capital Baghdad where she met the country's leaders and visited a girls' school to hear from pupils about their education.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

Sleaze. It's a big word, and it gets lobbed around at Westminster rather a lot.

It tends to refer to alleged wrongdoing, often financial or moral.

The thing is, it can take in everything from an MP who ends up in jail - think the MPs' expenses scandal just for starters - to alleged procedural or administrative cock-ups that are soon forgotten.

So how big a deal is the investigation into the prime minister by the parliamentary commissioner for standards?

On the Richter scale of these things, it feels like a rather minor tremor. Think a few loose roof tiles rather than anything much more.

There are two things at the crux of this.

The first is what Rishi Sunak chose to say, and, crucially, not to say, in front of what is known as the Liaison Committee of MPs at the end of last month.

He was asked explicitly, by the Labour MP Catherine McKinnell, "there is nothing as prime minister you wish to declare?".

And he did not at that point refer to a childcare company his wife Akshata Murty has shares in which looks likely to benefit from this spring's Budget.

"All of my disclosures are declared in the normal way," Mr Sunak replied.

But in announcing his investigation, the website of the standards commissioner, Daniel Greenberg, pointed to a particular rule in the code of conduct of MPs, stating that "members must always be open and frank in declaring any relevant interest in any proceeding of the House or its Committees, and in any communications with ministers, members, public officials or public office holders".

The implication being that the prime minister should have referred explicitly to his wife's shareholding in front of the committee.

The added twist here, a symptom of the chaos at Westminster in the last year or so, is the Register of Ministerial Interests, which has conventionally been updated around every six months, hasn't seen the light of day since last May.

So when the prime minister said to the Liaison Committee, as he did, that his "disclosures are declared in the normal way" they haven't actually been published.

He has said he has informed officials in the Cabinet Office, but whatever he told them, and they told him about whether it should be explicitly registered, has not been publicly declared.

Incidentally, Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer found himself in a run-in with the parliamentary commissioner for standards last summer.

It was Mr Greenberg's predecessor then, Kathryn Stone.

She found he had breached the MPs' Code of Conduct eight times, describing the breaches as "minor and/or inadvertent" over declarations that were late.

Sir Keir apologised. The row very quickly blew over.

The prime minister will hope his encounter with Mr Greenberg is also quickly forgotten about, although it will increase the scrutiny of Ms Murty's other business interests and the declarations relating to them.

It is a reminder for Downing Street of another two things: the inevitable stories, borne of intrigue and fascination, relating to the Sunaks' vast wealth, of which this is the latest.

And that if you say on your first day in the job of prime minister, almost six months ago now, that your government will be defined by "integrity, professionalism and accountability at every level", you bet people will hold you to it.

Fatoumatta Hydara died two days after her daughters Naeemah Drammeh and Fatimah Drammeh

A man who killed his neighbour and her two daughters by setting their flat on fire has been found guilty of murder.

Fatoumatta Hydara, 28, died along with Fatimah and Naeemah Drammeh, aged three and one, after their home in Clifton, Nottingham, was set alight in November.

Jamie Barrow, 31, had admitted their manslaughter at Nottingham Crown Court but denied three counts of murder.

On Tuesday a jury found him guilty of the more serious charges.

The trial heard Barrow had poured petrol through the letterbox of the family's Fairisle Close flat in the early hours of 20 November and set it alight.

Jurors were told he had a grievance about bags of rubbish being left in an alleyway behind where he and the victims lived but the prosecution did not accept Mrs Hydara was the person responsible and police said no clear motive had been established.

Prosecutors said Barrow knew the flat's front door was the only way in and out when he set the fire.

He had claimed he thought the property was empty but the court was told he did nothing when he heard screams.

Mrs Hydara and her daughters died from smoke inhalation.

Prosecutors said Barrow had lit the fire using tissue paper and petrol from his motorbike.

They said it would have been clear the family were inside because a pram was left outside the door and there was light coming from the hallway.

After setting the fire Barrow was seen on CCTV walking away from the burning flat with his dog while smoking a cigarette, police said.

Emergency services attended the scene and police said Barrow later returned and asked officers "how bad" the fire was.

Barrow, who admitted drinking "seven or eight" pints of lager before starting the fire, had given evidence to the police afterwards when detectives were treating the incident as a hate crime.

He later admitted his involvement to them.

In court he claimed he had been suffering from a "very, very low mood" and was "wallowing in self-pity" before starting the fire, caused partially by his emotionally unstable personality disorder.

He said he did not expect the blaze to take hold as rapidly as it did and was driven to admit what he had done to officers due to "an immense amount of guilt".

In addition to murder, Barrow was also convicted of one count of arson being reckless as to whether life was in danger and is due to be sentenced at the same court on Friday.

Some members of the victims' family, to whom he apologised while giving evidence, wept after the verdicts were delivered.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

After Barrow's conviction, relatives of Mrs Hydara and her children released a statement describing their pain and grief.

They said: "Words cannot quantify how much our family have suffered because of the horrific actions of one man.

"Neither can we quantify the emotional, psychological, physiological and financial impact of the crime Jamie Barrow committed against Fatoumatta, Fatimah and Naeemah.

"His actions were utterly heartless and cruel - and have caused a multigenerational trauma that we will never understand.

"Fatoumatta was a caring daughter, wife, sister, mother and friend. If love and compassion could make a person immortal, she would have lived forever.

"She had a pure heart and was greatly loved for her personality and qualities.

"She was the most incredible mother to Fatimah and Naeemah, two angels who deserved a beautiful childhood and a full life.

"Nottingham and the rest of the world have been denied potential future teachers, civil servants, doctors - who knows what they could have been?

"They lived a short but meaningful life, such was the joy and happiness they brought to us all."

Barrow had claimed he did not realise anyone was inside the flat

Mrs Hydara's family thanked the Gambian community in the UK and internationally for the support it had offered them since the fatal fire.

They also thanked Nottinghamshire Police, the Crown Prosecution Service, and the jurors.

Before they died Mrs Hydara and her children had been planning to move to the US to be with her husband Aboubacarr Drammeh.

Det Insp Kaz Smithson, who led the investigation, said: "Jamie Barrow committed the most despicable crime anyone could ever commit.

"He destroyed a whole family and took away their dreams of a happy life together in America.

"Today, justice has been served for Fatoumatta, Fatimah and Naeemah and their family, all of whom have carried themselves with incredible dignity since the night of this truly awful crime.

"Barrow denied the killings were deliberate but, thankfully, my investigative team was able to provide overwhelming evidence that this tragic event was indeed murder.

"We saw through his lies and, thankfully, so did the jury."

The family had been planning a new life overseas

After the hearing Nottinghamshire Police said Barrow's motive for starting the fire might never be known but jurors heard one theory was that he wanted to rehoused by local authorities.

Ch Insp Karl Thomas said: "I acknowledge there are many members of the community who believe these murders were a hate crime.

"It's important to say that, following a very detailed and thorough investigation by a large team of detectives, the investigation team left no stone unturned to investigate the circumstances and presented the evidence to the jury to reach these verdicts."

Mrs Hydara's husband Aboubacarr Drammeh read a family statement outside court following the verdicts

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Florida's Supreme Court delivered two rulings on abortion on Monday, with competing consequences.

First, the court upheld the state's right to prohibit abortion, giving the green light for a six-week ban to take effect on 1 May.

The near-total ban will block almost all access in the US South, where Florida had been something of a haven for those seeking abortions, surrounded by states that had already implemented six-week or total bans on the procedure.

The ruling was applauded by national anti-abortion activists, many of whom see a six-week ban as the gold standard for abortion policy. The decision is a "victory for unborn children", said Katie Daniel, Florida policy director of Susan B Anthony Pro-Life America.

But in a 4-3 vote, the justices also approved a November ballot initiative that, if approved, would overturn the six-week ban and enshrine broad abortion access in the state's constitution.

The decisions have sharpened the glare of the political spotlight on the Sunshine State, and set up perhaps the highest stakes abortion fight since the Supreme Court overturned Roe v Wade in June 2022.

The six-week ban in Florida - the country's third most populous state - may affect more women than any other statewide ban implemented since the repeal of Roe.

Just over 84,000 women received abortions in Florida last year, state data says. According to pro-choice research group the Guttmacher Institute, that figure showed a 12% jump over 2020, which researchers attribute mostly to out-of-state patients.

Some Florida lawmakers, many of whom voted for the six-week ban last year, called the law a compromise, adding that it includes exceptions for cases involving rape, incest, abnormalities and when the mother's life is in danger.

But pro-choice activists have warned that even with these exceptions, strict abortion bans can endanger women's health, pointing to cases involving pregnancy complications in states such as Texas.

And, they add, Florida's six-week law is particularly restrictive, requiring patients seeking abortions to have two in-person doctor appointments with a 24-hour waiting period in between.

"At six weeks most women have no idea that they're even pregnant," said Anna Hochkammer, executive director of the pro-choice group Florida Women's Freedom Coalition. "A mammoth health crisis is about to befall us."

Florida's new abortion landscape also has significant political consequences. The November referendum, experts say, has handed Democrats a chance to highlight an issue where they have a proven electoral edge.

In the almost two years since Roe was overturned, pro-choice activists have won all seven abortion-related ballot initiatives, even in Republican-led states. And sustained public support for abortion access has been credited with helping Democrats over-perform in both state and national races.

"Abortion is an opportunity for Democrats and it remains a problem for Republicans," said Republican strategist Kevin Madden, who was a spokesman for Utah Senator Mitt Romney's presidential campaigns. "This gives them [Democrats] some wind at their backs."

Already, Democrats have moved to press that advantage in Florida.

On Tuesday, within a day of the abortion rulings, top US House of Representatives lawmakers convened a special hearing in the state, which the chamber's minority leader Hakeem Jeffries called "ground zero" for abortion access.

Hours after that, on a call with reporters, Biden campaign manager Julie Chávez Rodríguez said the same as she worked to tie the Florida ban to Donald Trump, now the presumptive Republican nominee.

Mr Trump "is directly to blame", Ms Chávez Rodríguez said. "Because of Donald Trump, Maga [Make America Great Again] Republicans across this country are ripping away access to reproductive healthcare."

And Ms Chávez Rodríguez went further, suggesting the Florida abortion fight could help tilt the electoral scales, giving Democrats a fighting chance to flip the state in November.

"We definitely see Florida in play," she said. "We're clear eyed about how hard it is to win Florida… But we also know that Trump does not have it in the bag."

Few people think that these rulings will actually swing the presidential contest in Florida - a Republican stronghold for over a decade. But experts say there is indeed now an opening for Democrats to once again over-perform and potentially flip some down-ballot contests, including some competitive Senate and House races.

Veteran Democratic strategist Simon Rosenberg said that the abortion vote would bring "enormous amounts of money, volunteers and energy into the pro-choice side, which changes the politics in the state".

"All of a sudden what we knew about Florida in 2024 is now unsettled," he said. "A six-week abortion ban is a bridge too far for the people of Florida, the polling on this is really clear."

Early surveys on the ballot initiative itself, dubbed Amendment 4, tell a similar story, indicating that more than 60% of Floridians support the amendment - clearing the bar to pass.

But whatever the result of November's vote, Florida will spend the next several months under a six-week abortion ban.

Those seeking the procedure after that will have to travel several hours and two states north to North Carolina, which still allows abortions until 12 weeks. After that, the closest option is southern Virginia - nearly 900 miles from Florida's southern tip, or a 14-hour car ride, one way.

Darryn Frost had fought the attacker with a narwhal tusk on display at Fishmongers' Hall

Members of the public who tackled the man behind the London Bridge attack in 2019 are among the recipients of the final civilian gallantry awards approved by the late Queen.

The list includes a Queen's Gallantry Medal for Darryn Frost who used a narwhal tusk to fend off Usman Khan outside the Fishmongers' Hall event.

The same award goes to two ex-offenders - John Crilly, who used a fire extinguisher on the attacker, and Steven Gallant, who helped confront him until police arrived.

Mr Gallant, who had been convicted of murder but has since been freed, has since spoken of wanting to inspire prisoners wanting to turn their lives around.

He was commended for standing his ground against Khan, who was carrying two knives and wearing what turned out to be an imitation belt of explosives.

The bravery award winners are among 15 people praised for their heroic actions in the last list approved by the Queen, who died last September.

Such awards in future will be known as the King's Gallantry Medal or the King's Commendation for Bravery.

In November 2019 Khan fatally stabbed Cambridge University graduates Jack Merritt, 25, and Saskia Jones, 23, and injured three other people at the conference held by an organisation involved in the rehabilitation of offenders in the City of London. He then ran on to London Bridge, and was later shot dead by armed officers.

A porter at the hall, Lukasz Koczocik, also received a Queen's Gallantry Medal for forcing Khan out of the venue, using an ornamental spear, despite him having sustained serious injuries from three stab wounds.

And prison officer Adam Roberts was commended for providing emergency first aid, while the attack was going on around him.

The bravery awards include those caught up in the terror attack beside London Bridge that claimed two lives

The five men brought together by the event were commended for the courage of their response - using improvised weapons and facing great danger themselves, as they chased the attacker on to the bridge.

Mr Frost used a narwhal tusk that had been on display at Fishmongers' Hall and pinned Khan down, despite the risk from what had seemed to be the suicide belt.

The final Queen's awards also include a posthumous Queen's Gallantry Medal for John Rees, who at the age of 88, died when he intervened in a knife attack at a shop in Penygraig, Rhondda in south Wales in May 2020.

There are also awards for Lisa Way and Ayette Bounouri who came to his assistance. Mrs Bounouri used a shopping basket to try to deflect the attacker.

The recipients, announced by the Cabinet Office, are nominated by the public in recognition of "exemplary bravery in saving the lives of others".

They are approved by the monarch, on the advice of the George Cross Committee which considers such awards, with these latest civilian honours the first for two years.

Oliver Dowden, Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, said the latest recipients were "extremely worthy winners" of the Queen's last such awards.

"We all hope we'd react with courage in the face of danger. These people have lived through that test, and responded in the most admirable way," said Mr Dowden.
• None Honour for man, 88, who died trying to stop killer

Germany's labour market has a shortage of hundreds of thousands of skilled workers

While other countries are trying to restrict migration, the German parliament has passed a radical new law to attract migrant workers to Germany.

That means less red tape and lower hurdles for migrant workers from outside the European Union.

A Canada-style points-based system will take into account age, skills, qualifications and any link to Germany.

Criteria will be lowered for salary, educational level and German language ability.

This would make it easier for migrants to come to Germany with, or even without, a job offer. Incentives include being able to bring not only spouse and children, but also parents.

This is a major shift in policy for Germany. For decades German governments have resisted the idea that Germany is a country of migration.

The first generation of so-called "guest workers" from Turkey in the 1960s were seen as exactly that: "guests" who were supposed to help the economy and then leave.

Conservative-led governments in particular, including Angela Merkel's administration, struggled with the idea of a society open to migrant workers - despite the fact German society is increasingly diverse. More than a quarter of the population in Germany is either foreign-born or has at least one foreign-born parent.

After years of low unemployment German business leaders are sounding the alarm about the lack of workers. The problem is exacerbated by an ageing population: baby-boomers born in the 1960s will soon start heading for retirement.

Ministers warn that millions of job vacancies already need filling, and describe the labour shortage as the biggest risk facing the German economy.

When Olaf Scholz's centre-left Social Democrat SPD party beat Mrs Merkel's conservatives in 2021, the new SPD-Green-liberal coalition made easing migration rules one of its flagship policies.

This coalition has been plagued by rows between the Greens and the business-friendly liberals over climate change policies. But both parties do agree on migration: the liberals want workers for the economy; the Greens more human rights in migration policy.

But Friday's parliamentary debate about the law was ferocious. Conservatives voted against the bill, outraged that the new law would allow some rejected asylum seekers already here to find work.

The far-right AfD also voted no, saying that Germany was not a country of "immigration" but rather a "homeland", reflecting the party's increasingly nativist view of what it means to be German.

The AfD does not reflect mainstream society's view that Germany needs migrant workers. But despite this, or maybe because of it, the party is reaching unprecedented numbers in the polls.

In the latest ARD Deutschland Trend, the party reached 19% this week, the highest it has ever scored in this poll. Chancellor Olaf Scholz's SPD party has slumped to 17%.

The political climate in Germany is polarised and febrile when it comes to migration. The government wants it, the economy needs it and parliament has now voted for it. But will all voters accept it?

King Charles III meets members of the public during his visit to Kinneil House, marking the first Holyrood Week since his coronation

King Charles III was greeted by crowds as he arrived in Scotland for a special week of events.

He met two Fair Queens in Bo'ness, Falkirk, before travelling to Edinburgh where he was presented with the keys to the city.

Earlier a practice procession was held in the capital's Old Town ahead of a special ceremony of thanksgiving.

King Charles will be presented with the Scottish crown jewels during the event at St Giles' Cathedral on Wednesday.

The celebrations mark the first Holyrood Week since his coronation in May.

An early morning practice procession has been held in Edinburgh's Old Town

Among those who met the King on Monday was Bo'ness Fair Queen, Lexi Scotland, who was wearing her ceremonial robes and a crown.

She was joined by May Garrow, 99, who won the title in 1936.

Afterwards Ms Garrow said: "I've never actually shook hands with him before. I'll not wash that hand anymore."

The King then met with Sustainable Thinking Scotland, which operates from Kinneil House on the outskirts of the town.

The organisation grows sustainable food which in turn is given for food parcels.

King Charles III attended a tour of the Royal Yacht Britannia, to mark 25 years since her arrival in Edinburgh

Later the King took part in the Ceremony of the Keys on the Palace of Holyroodhouse forecourt before he joined former Royal Yacht Britannia sailors in reviving an old navy tradition.

The King drank a tot of rum as he returned to the vessel the Royal Family called home at its dock in Leith.

King Charles and Queen Camilla are also expected to visit the Great Tapestry of Scotland, seeing a newly stitched panel dedicated to the couple.

Before the service at St Giles' on Wednesday, there will be both a royal procession and a people's procession along the Royal Mile.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The people's procession will consist of about 100 people representing different aspects of Scottish life.

The Stone of Destiny will be present at the ceremony in St Giles' Cathedral, where the King will be presented with the Honours of Scotland.

Afterwards there will be a gun salute at Edinburgh Castle and a flypast by the Red Arrows.

Each year the monarch traditionally spends a week based at the Palace of Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh, known as Holyrood Week or Royal Week in Scotland.

King Charles III received the Keys to the City of Edinburgh from Lord Provost Councillor Robert Aldridge during the Ceremony of the Keys on the forecourt of the Palace of Holyroodhouse

Edinburgh City Council has said those wishing to view the processions should plan ahead.

Lord lieutenant Robert Aldridge said: "The eyes of the world will be upon us once again as we mark the coronation of His Majesty King Charles III and Her Majesty Queen Camilla."

He warned residents to expect disruption across the city, particularly in the Old Town.

"We're working with our partners to manage this as best we can and to keep residents, businesses and visitors updated on the events," he added.

"For those who wish to enjoy the royal and people's processions, I urge you to please plan ahead and keep an eye on our website and social media channels for the latest advice and guidance."

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

China's peace plan for Ukraine could be used as a basis to end the war, Vladimir Putin has said.

But Mr Putin said the plan could be put forward only when they are ready "in the West and Kyiv".

The Russian leader met Chinese President Xi Jinping on Tuesday in Moscow to discuss the conflict, and relations between the two countries.

China's plan, published last month, does not explicitly call for Russia to leave Ukraine.

Listing 12 points, it calls for peace talks and respect for national sovereignty, without specific proposals.

But Ukraine has insisted on Russia withdrawing from its territory as a condition for any talks - and there is no sign that Russia is ready to do that.

On Wednesday the Moscow-backed authorities in annexed Crimea said an attack by three waterborne drones on the Black Sea Fleet in the Bay of Sevastopol had been repelled with no damage to the fleet. The report could not be independently confirmed.

On Monday, explosions in another part of Crimea were said by Ukraine to have destroyed Russian missiles being transported by rail.

The US Secretary of State Antony Blinken said on Monday that calling for a ceasefire before Russia withdrew "would effectively be supporting the ratification of Russian conquest".

In a joint news conference after talks with Mr Xi ended, Mr Putin said: "Many provisions of the Chinese peace plan can be taken as the basis for settling of the conflict in Ukraine, whenever the West and Kyiv are ready for it."

But Russia had yet to see such "readiness" from the other side, he added.

Standing alongside the Russian leader, Mr Xi said his government was in favour of peace and dialogue and that China was on the "right side of history".

He again claimed that China had an "impartial position" on the conflict in Ukraine, seeking to cast Beijing as the potential peace-maker.

The pair also discussed growing trade, energy and political ties between the two nations.

"China is the leading foreign trade partner of Russia," President Putin said, pledging to keep up and surpass the "high level" of trade achieved last year.

Mr Xi left Russia on Wednesday, his plane departing from a Moscow airport.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. China 'not impartial in any way', White House says

According to Russian state media, the two leaders also:

There are growing concerns in the West that China might provide military support for Russia.

Speaking in Brussels, Nato chief Jens Stoltenberg said his alliance had not "seen any proof that China is delivering lethal weapons to Russia".

But he added there were "signs" that Russia had requested weapons, and that the request was being considered in Beijing.

A joint statement released by China and Russia after the meeting between the two leaders said the close partnership between the two countries did not constitute a "military-political alliance".

Relations "do not constitute a bloc, do not have a confrontational nature and are not directed against third countries", they added.

Mr Putin also used the press conference to accuse the West of deploying weapons with a "nuclear component" and said Russia would be "forced to react" if the UK sent shells made with depleted uranium to Ukraine. .

The UK's Ministry of Defence said depleted uranium was a "standard component" which had "nothing to do with nuclear weapons".

Mr Xi was given a fanfare welcome when he arrived at the Kremlin for a second day of talks on Tuesday.

He said he was "very happy" to be in Moscow and described talks with President Putin as "frank, open and friendly".

His visit to Russia came days after the International Criminal Court issued an arrest warrant for President Putin on war crimes allegations.

The state visit was mirrored by Japan Prime Minister Fumio Kishida's surprise visit to Kyiv - making him the first leader of Japan to visit a country in conflict since World War Two.

President Zelensky said he will join the G7 summit in Japan in May via video link at the invitation of Mr Kishida.

He told a press conference on Tuesday afternoon that he had also asked China to get involved in talks but was waiting for an answer.

"We offered China to become a partner in the implementation of the peace formula," he said. "We invite you to the dialogue; we are waiting for your answer."

Brothers Maksym (left) and Ivan (right) signed up to fight for Ukraine together after Russia launched its full-scale invasion

Maksym had been fighting for 200 hours without a break when he was killed by a Russian sniper in the city of Bakhmut.

"For eight days he did not eat, or sleep," his mother Lilia says. "He couldn't even close his eyes for five minutes because the sniper could shoot."

There's a reason why she now calls Bakhmut "hell". It's the city that took the life of one son and left her only other child seriously injured.

Her one scant comfort - that one died saving the life of the other.

Maksym and Ivan volunteered to fight when Russia invaded Ukraine last year. At the time Maksym was 22 years old and Ivan just 18.

Ivan, the younger brother who still carries the scars, says they were inseparable. "He was always with me and I with him. For me, he was the dearest person."

Ivan shows me videos and photos of them together - in a trench, in a military vehicle, trying to get some rest.

As time passes, you see two smiling, handsome young men change, gradually appearing wearier as war strips away their innocence.

The two brothers were inseparable - fighting and resting together at the front

Their last moments together were spent engaged in brutal house-to-house fighting in Bakhmut. "It was impossible to sleep there. We were being attacked 24/7," Ivan says.

The brothers' unit was trapped in a windowless room of a building. They'd had to punch through walls to make firing positions. That's when they received an order to pull back.

Ivan recalls the moment before he was wounded. "I remember I was reloading; I came out from behind a wall and there was a flash. I was paralysed and I fell."

He says he then felt the warmth of the blood flowing from his injuries to his face. He didn't think he'd survive. "I thought I was done; I'll bleed out and that'll be it."

But Maksym came running to his rescue and dragged him back inside a building for cover.

"He revived me, took out my broken teeth and began to give me first aid," says Ivan. That included piercing a hole in Ivan's throat to prevent him from choking.

Ivan shares a video of his brother tenderly wiping the blood away soon after the explosion. Another widely shared clip shows Ivan struggling to walk with a gaping wound to his face, but still clutching his Ukrainian flag: a symbol of bravery and resistance in the battle for Bakhmut.

Ivan has no doubts that he would have died if it weren't for Maksym's actions. "My brother didn't let me die. He saved me."

Ivan (seen here recovering in hospital) had a hole cut in his throat by his brother to help him keep breathing

Maksym urgently called on the radio for help. But the first medics that tried to reach him were all killed in their vehicle when it was struck by a Russian anti-tank missile. It took another nine hours before Ivan could be rescued.

And then came Maksym's extraordinary act of self-sacrifice. Rather than travel with his brother to safety, he volunteered to stay in Bakhmut, to lead their unit.

Still fighting there a week later, Maksym was killed by a Russian sniper.

In Ukraine the funerals of soldiers are now as constant as the sound of artillery on the front line. But they're not all like Maksym's. Alongside his grieving family, the entire town of Tomakivka had come out to pay their respects.

They knelt as the funeral procession made its way to the cemetery - some clasping flowers or Ukraine's flag. The prayers and sombre music accompanied by tears and sobbing.

Serhii (left) and Lilia were supported by the entire town at their older son's funeral

For the past year, Maksym and Ivan's parents had been living their sons' battles vicariously. Lilia and Serhii were having sleepless nights too - waiting anxiously to hear from their boys. They'd often receive a short text to reassure them, says Lilia - "We're good, mum."

But then came the news they'd been dreading.

Lilia weeps over Maksym's coffin before it's finally lowered into the ground - accompanied by a volley of gunfire. "We still can't believe it. My soul is torn," Lilia tells me after the funeral. She says her only reason to continue living is for her younger son.

She tells me Maksym had the chance to leave with Ivan, but he would not abandon their younger, less experienced comrades.

"He's a hero. He's an angel. He's sunshine. He would never leave his brother even though he knew he would die himself."

Ukraine won't say how many lives have been lost in this war. But look around the cemetery and you soon realise the entire country is paying an extremely heavy price.

My brother gave his life for our freedom. Unfortunately, freedom comes with blood

At this one small graveyard, in this one small town, there are rows and rows of freshly dug graves surrounded by flowers. Maksym's was one of three soldiers' funerals the local priest was conducting that week.

For Roman, who was once himself a soldier before taking holy orders, it was harder than most. He is a family friend and prayed with Maksym and Ivan's parents for the safe return of their boys, whom he knew.

"You often have to bury soldiers," said Roman. "But not your friends."

At the funeral, Ivan is still clutching the Ukrainian flag which he carried when wounded - signed by his comrades including his brother. The blood from his own wounds staining the blue and yellow cloth.

I ask him if he now regrets his decision to join the army. He replies: "We understood that we might not return, but it's an honour to fight for Ukraine. That's why I don't regret it in any way.

"My brother gave his life for our freedom. Unfortunately, freedom comes with blood."

The BBC Singers, a choir of 20 musicians, had been due to close in July

The BBC has paused its decision to close the BBC Singers, after "a number of organisations" came forward to offer alternative funding.

The group, which is the UK's only full-time professional chamber choir, was targeted by budget cuts shortly before celebrating its 100th anniversary.

The proposal sparked a backlash, with 140,000 people signing a petition urging the BBC to reverse its decision.

A temporary reprieve has been granted, as new funding models are explored.

"I am confident that this does secure their future," said Simon Webb, the BBC's head of orchestras and choirs.

"But this has all happened just in the last few days - and what we're looking for now is a little bit of time to quietly, confidentially have conversations with these external partners."

He declined to name the organisations involved but said the choir would still be called the BBC Singers - a name they adopted in 1972, having previously been known as the Wireless Singers, the BBC Chorus, the Variety Chorus and even the Kentucky Minstrels.

The BBC also confirmed that the ensemble would appear at this year's Proms concerts.

Previously, the 20-member choir had been due to close in July, meaning they would miss the summer music festival entirely.

Jonathan Manners, producer and acting co-director of the BBC Singers, said the group were "delighted" at the opportunity for the BBC to work with the Musicians' Union "to try to secure the future of the BBC Singers, which can only be a positive thing".

He added that the Proms would be "incredibly emotional for everyone involved with the BBC Singers, but also in choral music, because I think the last few weeks have shown how people look up to the BBC Singers".

Naomi Pohl, general secretary of the Musicians' Union, said: "The outpouring of love for the BBC Singers and orchestras over the past few weeks has been incredible and we know our members are hugely grateful for all the support they've received."

The corporation's U-turn was received with relief by many in the arts world.

"This is wonderful news," tweeted actor Samuel West, who performed with the BBC Singers at the 2002 Proms. "Thank you @BBC for listening to reason, and music, and beauty."

"Rejoice! What a fabulous way to start a Friday," added former MP Ed Balls. Opera star Jennifer Johnston said she was "cautiously optimistic", while conductor John Rutter thanked "all who raised their voice" in protest.

That included thousands of amateur singers in choirs across the UK and abroad, who joined forces to produce a video pleading for the BBC Singers to be saved.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Sam Evans Music This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Choirmaster Sam Evans, who organised the video campaign, also welcomed the latest development.

"It goes to show that when you've got an important message, you can make your voices heard," he said.

"I don't want to fight the BBC," he added. "I feel like the BBC is a family member, but sometimes people in your family take wrong turns and they need to be told that they're making a mistake."

Audience members watching the choir perform at the BBC's Maida Vale studios on Friday were pleased about the reprieve.

"I sing in chamber choirs and I can tell you that all the chamber choirs and singers that we know in London are absolutely fed up about what was happening because the [BBC] Singers are a class apart," said one, called Wendy.

"[They are] really fantastic singers, and the country doesn't respect really how good they are. I think it might start to now."

This YouTube post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original video on YouTube The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. YouTube content may contain adverts. Skip youtube video by BBC Music This article contains content provided by Google YouTube. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Google’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. YouTube content may contain adverts.

The decision to close the BBC Singers was part of a wider programme to downsize the BBC's classical music groups, announced at the start of the month.

It also involves a 20% reduction of roles in the BBC's English orchestras - the BBC Symphony Orchestra, the BBC Concert orchestra and the BBC Philharmonic.

Tenor Adrian Thompson performs the world premiere of Judith Weir's In The Land of Uz with the BBC Singers and conductor David Hill in 2017

The BBC said it was part of a plan that "prioritises quality, agility and impact". According to the latest BBC annual report, £25m was spent on orchestras and performing groups in the last financial year.

The BBC says it needs to find £400m in savings by 2027 because of the two-year freeze in the licence fee imposed by the government.

The move caused consternation across the classical music world. Cellist Julian Lloyd Webber called the cuts "lamentable" and said they called the future of the licence fee into question.

"What has happened to our nation's beloved BBC - the organisation that has been responsible for some of the greatest classical music broadcasts in history?" he said in the Radio Times.

On Thursday, the Telegraph reported that Britain's pre-eminent conductor, Sir Simon Rattle, "may be willing to boycott the BBC Proms" in protest at the cuts.

The Musicians' Union has said it would continue to fight to save roles in other BBC performing groups.

The BBC Singers, based at Maida Vale, perform across the UK and around the world, making annual appearances at the BBC Proms.

The BBC Concert Orchestra can be heard on BBC Radio 2's Sunday Night Is Music Night and on BBC Radio 3. It explores a wide selection of music, ranging from classical to contemporary.

The BBC Philharmonic is based at Media City UK in Salford, and performs an annual season of concerts at Manchester's Bridgewater Hall, as well as giving regular concerts at other venues across the north of England.

The BBC Symphony Orchestra plays a major role at The Proms, and also has an annual season at London's Barbican. Its commitment to contemporary music is demonstrated by a range of premieres each season.

In a statement, the BBC said it would "continue to engage with the Musicians' Union and the other BBC Unions about our proposals on the BBC's English Orchestras".

"The financial challenges are still there," said Mr Webb, "but we've set out our plan… and now we're listening.

"If there are counter-proposals, we're very much listening to that, as we have done with the BBC Singers."

Nicholas Whitehead says the sign started out as a "wild conversation"

It is the mid Wales landmark that started out as a joke and lasted for 20 years.

Now, it is making a comeback.

Up until last November, there was a billboard for Llandegley International on the A44 in Powys between Rhayader and Kington.

But drivers who followed the directions to Terminal 1 or 3 ended up not at an airport, not even an airfield, but just a field on the outskirts of the village.

The sign was taken down last year when the man who spent £25,000 keeping it in place decided he would try to make it an official landmark.

Nicholas Whitehead launched a crowdfunding campaign with the slogan "give us a sign".

Six months later, a brand-new one has appeared.

The airport's "founder" said he was delighted.

"When the sign came down we gained thousands of followers on Facebook. There was so much support for getting another, I felt sure the crowd-funder would work," he said.

Nicholas Whitehead launched a crowdfunding campaign to fund a new sign

"In a time of austerity, no local authority would want to pay for this, so we tried to raise all the money ourselves. We only needed £1,300 and we raised £2,000."

The extra money will be donated to the Wales Air Ambulance, which Mr Whitehead said he was happy to support given the aviation connection.

Mr Whitehead was a journalist and editor for the Brecon and Radnor Express, and a writer on Radio 4's comedy sketch show 'Week Ending'. He also worked on the satirical magazine 'Squib' with Monty Python's Terry Jones.

With a sense of the absurd and a desire to do "something completely different", he created the fictional airport in 2002.

"It started off as a wild conversation with friends one evening. We thought of renting a sign for something that wasn't really there, possibly a project that didn't exist, and we settled on the airport."

He soon realised the plan was possible.

"I approached Wrexham Signs, who own the billboard, and expected them to say, 'you can't do that'. But apparently, you can," he said.

"As a journalist, you find that whatever you do, someone, somewhere, is going to get upset about it. But Llandegley International is the exception. People love it."

In the sign's original location near Crossgates, it cost about £1,500 per year to maintain. But thanks to the crowd-funding, a new one has been installed to the east of the village.

The Richards family offered to put the sign outside their farm near Llandegley, where it can stay permanently.

Holly Richards says the sign has become a "talking point" once more

Holly Richards jumped at the chance to help out: "We were sad to see it go, so at the first chance of having it back we were happy to put it on our land.

"Since the sign has come back the social media response has been great. It's become a real talking point once more."

Fencing contractor Fred Morris put up the new sign and described it as a bit of a folly: "When you tell people where you come from, they ask 'have you seen the sign for the airport?' People play along with the joke."

The sign has become a popular spot for photos and selfies, though people are warned to be careful

Mark Lythgoe co-owns a nearby roadside snack van and said it had been great for business.

"We've had a lot of people asking where the airport is," Mr Lythgoe said. "We're thinking of renaming the van the international departure lounge. It's all a bit of fun."

The airport has taken off on Facebook. Thousands of followers enjoy updates about Llandegley's impressive environmental credentials, and engage in flights of fancy about the "top secret" Terminal 2. The latest "project" is a 10-minute shuttle service to the Hay Festival.

Mr Whitehead now keeps the old sign in his garden in Wembury, Devon.

He said the airport had helped him to see a more positive side to social media.

"There's been an outpouring of love. People have said the Llandegley International Facebook page is one of the best things on the internet, because there's no unpleasantness," he said.

When asked if he thought the airport was real, he said: "It exists in the same way songs exist. If you set fire to the scrap of paper on which Paul McCartney wrote Yesterday, that wouldn't destroy the song.

"The song exists as a shared experience; it's indestructible. It's the same with the airport."

The sign was altered in 2019 in memory of long-time fan of the airport, Jill Dibling

With a permanent sign in place and a big online fanbase, Mr Whitehead said he hoped to gain official recognition for the quirky institution he founded.

"It's not exactly a national monument - but it is a national treasure. It has become an item of Welsh heritage."

For now, he is happy Llandegley International is on the road again.

Menai Bridge was closed at five minutes' notice in October 2022

Major safety issues which forced the closure of one of the two bridges linking Anglesey to the Welsh mainland were first spotted more than 30 years ago.

The Menai suspension bridge was closed at five minutes' notice in October when engineers found "serious safety risks".

It did not reopen until February.

BBC Wales has seen an engineer's report which said that the parts of the bridge which caused concern last year were recommended for replacement in 1991.

The Welsh government said inspections recommended by engineers have always taken place.

The risks identified in October centred on the bridge hangers that hold the road deck in place, but according to the report, problems were spotted decades ago.

Some hangers were replaced between 1989-1991, but the majority were left in place.

Rhun ap Iorwerth, Member of the Senedd (MS) for Ynys Môn, said it was "scandalous" that the hangers were not replaced sooner.

Although the Menai Bridge was built in 1826, the hangers were installed between 1938 and 1941 when the bridge was strengthened.

But last year, engineers preparing to paint the hangers looked back through old inspection reports on the bridge, and found serious issues with the hangers were raised 35 years ago.

The 2022 engineer's report, seen by BBC Wales, states that "significant concerns regarding the... capacity of the hangers were identified during structural investigations in the late 1980s and early 1990s".

The report added: "These structural investigations led to the replacement of 40 hangers and a recommendation to replace the remaining hangers on a rolling basis thereafter."

However, rolling replacements were not carried out.

The Menai Bridge was built in 1826

Following the bridge closure, preparations have begun to replace the hangers in the coming months.

Mr ap Iorwerth said: "If 40 hangers were replaced around 1990, and there was a recommendation to replace the rest, then there should have been a programme in place to change all the hangers over time.

"It's scandalous that successive governments didn't make sure that the long-term wellbeing of the bridge was assured.

"The way in which the bridge had to be closed with no notice last October was hugely problematic - we shouldn't have been in a position where a decision to close it needed to be made that quickly."

Nia Jones, of the Anglesey Tourism Association, said the island was thrust into a "chaotic situation" with "no notice" after the sudden closure of the bridge.

"It did hit the towns of Porthaethwy (Menai Bridge) and Beaumaris dreadfully, they became ghost towns overnight," she said.

"The retail sector of both those major towns of the island, in the run-up to Christmas, was devastating.

"We have to accept that the bridges need maintenance, and Menai Bridge is now in need of now of major maintenance. Some forward thinking and planning was needed in hindsight."

The bridge became the responsibility of the Welsh government when it was set up in 1999, though maintenance is carried out by a company called UK Highways (A55) Ltd, which took over the job in 1998.

The company told Robin Williams of Anglesey council that safety remained its top priority and IT had carried out extensive repairs over the past 25 years.

The Welsh government said: "The 1988 report recommended that the hangers should be inspected rather than automatically replaced, as part of a rolling programme of principal inspections.

"Principal Inspections have been undertaken since the 40 hangers were replaced and these inspections did not recommend replacing any further hangers on the Menai suspension bridge."

José Andrés founded his charity group after the 2010 Haiti earthquake

World Central Kitchen (WCK) founder José Andrés says he is "heartbroken" over the deaths of aid workers in a strike by Israel - which he has urged to stop its "indiscriminate killing".

Seven of the US-based food charity's workers were killed on Monday when leaving a warehouse in Gaza.

In his statement, Mr Andrés said he was grieving for the victims' families.

"These are people... angels," he wrote in a post on X, formerly Twitter. "They are not faceless... they are not nameless."

"The Israeli government needs to stop this indiscriminate killing," he added. "It needs to stop restricting humanitarian aid, stop killing civilians and aid workers, and stop using food as a weapon."

In a separate statement, WCK's chief executive officer Erin Gore said the killing of the aid workers was "unforgivable".

"This is not only an attack against WCK, this is an attack on humanitarian organizations showing up in the most dire of situations where food is being used as a weapon of war," she said.

President Joe Biden spoke to the organisation's founder, Mr Andrés, saying he was "heartbroken" over the deaths, White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said on Tuesday.

Mr Biden "is grieving with the entire WCK family", she said.

Mr Andrés, a two-star Michelin chef, established WCK in response to the 2010 earthquake in Haiti.

The group has provided meals in a host of war-torn places, including Ukraine. It has become one of the main suppliers of desperately needed aid to Gaza.

The group has named the seven killed:

The three British nationals killed were part of WCK's security team, according to the group, while the rest worked for the agency's "relief" team.

WCK has paused operations in the country as a result of the killings. The organisation said the strike happened despite "co-ordinating movements" with the Israel Defense Forces (IDF).

The IDF said it was conducting a "thorough review" into what it called a "tragic incident".

Mr Netanyahu confirmed on Tuesday that "innocent people" were hit in what he called an "unintentional" strike.

"It happens in war, we check it to the end, we are in contact with the governments, and we will do everything so that this thing does not happen again," he said.

Mr Andrés said he had served alongside some of the workers providing humanitarian aid in several countries.

"No more innocent lives lost," he wrote on X. "Peace starts with our shared humanity. It needs to start now."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Papa Stour lies off the west coast of Shetland's mainland

People living in one of the remotest parts of Scotland are to get a high-speed broadband link from space.

The UK government has announced that residents on Papa Stour, an island to the west of the Shetland mainland, will get a link to a satellite internet connection.

Work to connect to one of the low earth orbit (LEO) satellites will be completed later this week.

Papa Stour has the smallest population of Shetland's inhabited islands.

UK minister for data and digital infrastructure, Sir John Whittingdale, said: "Improving Papa Stour's connectivity is a major milestone in our efforts to close the digital divide as it transforms the lives of the island's residents and visitors."

The equipment to receive the satellite connection is expected to be in place on Papa Stour later this week and it will then link with OneWeb's LEO satellites to beam the high-speed broadband connection to the island from space.

Paul Coffey, of Clarus Networks Group, said: "Until now, Papa Stour residents have been constrained due to unreliable and slow internet connectivity.

"This installation is a landmark step in connecting remote communities, offering new possibilities for UK business and tourism."

Two mounted police officers rode after a man spotted holding his mobile phone while driving.

They saw him driving through East Reach in Taunton, Somerset last Tuesday and quickly turned their horses around and caught up with him.

It is illegal to hold and use a phone, tablet, or any device that can send or receive data, while driving or riding a motorcycle.

Avon and Somerset Police said the man had been issued with a traffic offence report and would be issued with a £200 fine plus six points on his licence, or he could choose to take the matter to court.

Last updated on .From the section Tennis

Coverage: Live across BBC TV, radio and online with extensive coverage on BBC iPlayer, Red Button, Connected TVs and mobile app. More coverage details

Novak Djokovic dried the court with his towel and urged the crowd to "blow" in a farcical rain delay as his Wimbledon title defence began with a win.

But after the first set there was no play for 80 minutes, despite the closed roof, with Djokovic dabbing the grass before ground staff used leaf blowers.

"Every time I come out I normally have racquets, not towels - it was fun to do something different," Djokovic said.

"It was a little bit [of] a strange feeling but hopefully you guys liked it.

"It was definitely frustrating for all the crowd waiting for us to come out on court. We both wanted to play but the conditions were not great and still slippery.

"Once the roof was open it was a different story and after five or 10 minutes we were able to play."

Djokovic, aiming to secure his eighth Wimbledon title and match Roger Federer's record for a male player, will now play Australia's Jordan Thompson, ranked 70th in the world, following his five-set win over American Brandon Nakashima, 55th in the world.

Amusing scenes as Djokovic tries to dry the court

Djokovic, who has not lost on Centre Court since being beaten by Andy Murray in the 2013 final, was a break up in the first set, but complained the surface was getting slippery with drops of rain falling.

He wrapped up the set just before a shower at 14:20 BST, with the roof then fully closed 15 minutes later.

But in that time enough water had got on to the court before the covers came on to cause a lengthy delay.

With the covers off and the roof still closed, the players inspected the surface at 14:55, but were not happy with it and the crowd were told by the umpire that "the court is taking longer than expected to dry".

There followed some amusing scenes when Djokovic appeared with a towel, urged the 15,000-strong crowd to "blow" at the same time to dry the court, with him then wiping the grass himself.

After that, three members of ground staff, each armed with a leaf blower, also tried to dry the surface, while the fans began to get restless with a half-hearted slow hand clap and then a Mexican wave.

With the leaf blowers and the towel not doing enough, the roof was reopened at 15:40 in an attempt to dry the grass naturally with the rain having stopped.

It did the job and play resumed just before 15:50 with Djokovic able to take control with two breaks in the second set against his opponent, who battled hard but was outclassed.

If he keeps winning, Djokovic will not have to play a top-30 ranked opponent until the fourth round at the earliest.

Russia's seventh seed Andrey Rublev is a potential opponent for Djokovic in the quarter-finals and he began his campaign with a 6-3 7-5 6-4 success over Australia's Max Purcell.

Rublev, unable to play at Wimbledon in 2022 because of the ban handed out to Russian and Belarusian players after the Russian invasion of Ukraine, was only in trouble in the second set at 5-2 down before he won five games in a row in a 6-3 7-5 6-4 victory.

"I feel really happy to be back, because I haven't played much Wimbledon - I was injured or it was the pandemic or then they ban us," said Rublev.

"It feels really special to play at one of the best tournaments and to get a win was a nice moment."

Asked if he felt Wimbledon made a mistake by forcing the ban on Russian players last year, Rublev, who wrote 'No War Please' on a camera lens after advancing to the final at the Dubai Championships in February 2022, replied: "We were talking and I think we could find the solution.

"If we really want to help or do what is better for tennis and for the people, obviously there were better options. Not just to ban, because in the end, [there] was no difference.

"But it is what it is. Now we are here, and I'm really happy to be back and to compete."

Norwegian fourth seed Casper Ruud, who lost to Djokovic in last month's French Open final, was tested by Laurent Lokoli of France before eventually going through in four sets on Court One.

Ruud will play Great Britain's Liam Broady in the second round.

Elsewhere, there were successes for 14th seed Lorenzo Musetti and 17th seed Hubert Hurkacz against Juan Pablo Varillas of Peru and Albert Ramos-Vinolas of Spain respectively.

But there was a first-round exit for Canadian 11th seed Felix Auger-Aliassime, who lost in four sets to American Michael Mmoh.

The first three sets all went to tie-breaks before Mmoh, ranked 119th in the world and whose only previous singles appearance at Wimbledon was a first-round loss in 2018, closed out a 7-6 6-7 7-6 6-4 victory.

Number eight seed Jannik Sinner from Italy completed his victory over Juan Manuel Cerundolo on Centre Court at 21:20 BST, but ninth seed Taylor Fritz was one of the players forced off by bad light - the American is 3-2 up on serve in the final set against Germany's Yannick Hanfmann.
• None Follow live coverage of the first day of Wimbledon
• None Alerts: Get tennis news sent to your phone
• None In an emotional interview he opens up about what motivated him despite his very humble origins
• None Sue Barker travels the globe to find out

Just Stop Oil have said they were not responsible for an incident at ex-chancellor George Osborne's wedding, which saw a protester throw orange confetti over the newly married couple.

The protest was similar to those carried out by the environmental group.

But, a spokesperson told the BBC they did not know the protester's identity.

The group had posted a clip from news agency PA on Twitter with the message: "You look good in orange George Osborne."

In the video a woman in a smart floral dress approaches George Osborne and Thea Rogers as they leave the church and begins throwing confetti, taken from a union jack paper bag.

In a statement the group said: "If it was a form of protest (which is yet to be established) we applaud it and thank the person concerned.

"It was peaceful and not especially disruptive but got massive media attention for Just Stop Oil's demand."

The group added that the media should focus on more important issues including the government's decision to license over 100 new oil and gas projects and wildfires in Canada.

It came as an email, widely shared online, made several unsubstantiated claims about Mr Osborne's private life.

Reports suggest Mr Osborne has contacted the police about the email.

Around 200 people, including ex-Prime Minister David Cameron and Levelling Up Secretary Michael Gove attended the ceremony in the village of Bruton, Somerset.

Mr Osborne was previously married to Frances Osborne, but the pair divorced in 2019 after 21 years of marriage.

Ms Rogers previously worked as an adviser to Mr Osborne, and in 2016 was awarded an OBE for her work.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The impact of the 7.4 magnitude earthquake in Taiwan

Chang Hsin had just woken up in the Taiwanese city of Hualien on Wednesday when her entire block started shaking.

"The walls were crumbling. Shortly after, another quake hit, causing the entire house to tilt," the 59-year-old told the BBC.

Ms Chang was in her third floor apartment when the 7.4 magnitude earthquake hit, which killed nine people and left more than 1,000 injured in Taiwan's worst earthquake in 25 years.

Images of Ms Chang's Uranus Building apartment block have been shared across the world. The building is tilted over and rescue workers are attempting to shore up the 10-storey structure, to prevent it from falling over.

After the shaking finished Ms Chang started screaming for help, and then saw a fire engine outside.

"I urged them to hurry. I kept yelling 'quickly, quickly or the next aftershock is coming,'" she recalled.

"The house started to tilt while I was still inside," she said. "My legs were shaking, and I couldn't stand steady. I still can't calm down, especially with the aftershocks last night."

Local reports said one female teacher died in the building when she returned to rescue her cat.

Chang Hsin, right, and Wei Pang-Huan lived inside the Uranus Building

Ms Chang was speaking to the BBC from a shelter for people affected by the earthquake. Sitting next to her was Wei Pang-Huan, 60, who lived on the fifth floor of the Uranus Building.

The block is due to be demolished on Friday, and Ms Wei wasn't sure if she would be able to collect any of her belongings.

"All my belongings are in the building. I wonder if I could go inside to retrieve some important items, but it depends on the rescue team's instructions," she said.

Rescuers in Taiwan are working to reach more than 600 people stranded after the earthquake hit the eastern county of Hualien.

Some stuck in tunnels and near a national park have been rescued by helicopters, but 34 are still missing.

One Singaporean woman, who was was stuck in the mountains for a day and half, said "it's your worst nightmare coming true".

"It's like what they show in the movies. You never think you're going to experience something like that," she told the BBC.

"We felt the earth tremble and we just held on to each other. My husband was hit by some stones and we just hung on to each other for I don't know how long until it passed," she added.

"It was a terrible, terrible experience with aftershocks and tremors and rocks falling every few minutes."

She eventually made it to a hotel, where she received first aid.

The earthquake, which struck 18km (11mi) south of Hualien, was followed by more than 200 aftershocks, dozens of which were at least 6.5 magnitude or more, hindering search and rescue efforts. Taiwanese authorities expect there to be more aftershocks in the next few days.

Lai Su has lived at the bottom of a landmark gorge, just outside Hualien, for 35 years. She said Tuesday's earthquake was like nothing she has ever experienced.

"At the time I was in Hualien driving my car and the car began to move like it was dancing," she told the BBC.

"Usually when there is a quake at night and we are sleeping, we can't be bothered to get out of bed, but this time I would definitely have jumped out of bed and run."

For Ms Chang, her immediate future in Hualien city is looking uncertain. "I can only stay in the shelter now as I don't have a place to stay. I will go to work during the day and return to stay at night.

Daniel Allen was remanded in custody to reappear by video link on 26 March

A man has appeared in court in Enniskillen charged with murdering four people who were found dead following a fire in County Fermanagh.

Daniel Sebastian Allen, whose address given as Molly Road, Enniskillen, is charged with four counts of murder.

The 27-year-old is also charged with arson with intent to endanger life and criminal damage.

A baby and two teenagers were among those who died in the fire in Derrylin, County Fermanagh, last Tuesday.

Those who died have been named locally as Crystal Gossett, her son, Edward, 16, and her daughter, Diane, 19.

The name of the young child, believed to be 18-months old, is not yet known.

The PSNI has confirmed that formal identifications of the victims have yet to take place.

The court heard that Daniel Allen had been detained in hospital under police guard after the fire.

When asked if he understood the charges, Mr Allen nodded and replied: "Yes".

A detective inspector told the court he could connect him with the charges.

Mr Allen was remanded in custody to reappear by video link on 26 March.

China is pressuring Uyghurs living abroad to spy on human rights campaigners by threatening families back home, researchers say. Refugees and activists tell the BBC intimidating tactics are tearing communities apart.

"My dearest son," said Alim's mother as she flickered into view. "I didn't think I'd see you before I died."

Alim - not his real name - says he was overcome by the moment. The reunion over a video call was their first contact in six years, since he fled as a refugee to the UK.

But it was bittersweet: someone else was in control of the call. Like all Uyghurs - a mostly Muslim minority from north-western China - Alim's mother lives under intense surveillance and control. They could never call each other directly.

Instead, a middleman phoned Alim and his mother from two separate mobiles. He held the phone screens to face each other, so the pair could see wobbly images of each other - and hear muffled sound from the speakers.

Alim says they barely spoke, and spent most of the call in tears.

He doesn't know if the plain white wall he could see behind his mother was in her house in Xinjiang or an internment camp, where the Chinese government is alleged to have detained more than a million Uyghurs. China has long denied those charges.

But Alim says he knew this contact with his mother would come at a cost - because the man brokering the call was a Chinese police officer.

Uyghurs in China live under intense surveillance and more than a million have allegedly been detained in internment camps (file photo from 2019)

When the officer called again, he asked Alim to attend meetings of Uyghur human rights activists, gather intelligence and pass it back to the Chinese state.

"Whenever there was an anti-China protest in London, they would call me and ask who would be attending," says Alim, who shared with the BBC recordings of the phone calls requesting he work as a spy.

Alim was offered money, too, so he could try to befriend the leaders of campaign groups - many of them UK citizens - by taking them to restaurants and picking up the bill.

The officer suggested setting up a company as a front, in case suspicions were raised about his newfound wealth. Plenty of businesses had already been set up on behalf of others for that exact purpose, Alim was told.

The implied threat, that his family may come to harm if he refused, has left him in a vicious bind.

"They are using my family as hostages," Alim says. "I am living in a dark moment."

Watch more on BBC Newsnight on BBC Two at 22:30 on Monday 31 July, or catch up afterwards on BBC iPlayer

The tactics employed by governments to police their diasporas abroad are known as transnational repression.

Research suggests this particular kind - controlling access to family members in the home country through video calls, in exchange for compliance overseas - is commonly used by Chinese police.

Dr David Tobin at the University of Sheffield has conducted some of the most comprehensive research on the topic to date, with his colleague Nyrola Elimä. They have interviewed and surveyed more than 200 members of the Uyghur diaspora in several countries. He says all Uyghurs living outside China are victims of transnational repression.

"Family separation is the central tactic," he says. Even where phone calls are technically possible, relatives still living in China won't pick up, according to Dr Tobin. He says there is an assumption that calls will be monitored, and a fear that communicating freely will put them at risk.

Dr David Tobin says all Uyghurs living abroad are victims of transnational repression

This severing of family ties allows Chinese police to step in and offer tightly managed access - over video calls - as an incentive to comply, with the threat of repercussions for the family if they do not.

In the UK, Dr Tobin surveyed or interviewed 48 Uyghurs, from a population of about 400 people. Of those, two-thirds reported having been contacted directly by Chinese police - and pressured to spy, refrain from advocacy work, or stop speaking to the media.

And Uyghurs in the UK are far from the worst affected.

In Turkey, traditionally a safe haven for Uyghurs where 50,000 live in one of the largest communities outside China, 80% of the 148 of respondents reported similar threats from Chinese authorities.

Abdurehim Paraç arrived in Istanbul in 2014, having fled China a year earlier.

"Turkey was completely different to anything we'd experienced. We could travel wherever we wanted. The police didn't bother us," he says. "I couldn't believe such a life was possible."

But in the past few years, the picture has changed for Uyghurs in Turkey. Reports that police based in China have pressured people to spy on each other have filtered through the community, splintering their sense of camaraderie.

Abdurehim Paraç says Turkey was a safe haven for Uyghurs, but China's tactics are driving the community apart

In a video posted on Facebook, a young Uyghur man who appears to have been captured and beaten by his peers, offers a troubled confession - admitting to spying on behalf of Beijing. While the circumstances surrounding the scene are unclear, the footage has been circulated among the Uyghur community, and the man has been widely condemned online.

The accumulation of stories like these is having an effect, Abdurehim says.

"Young people are distancing themselves from Uyghur protests and meetings. They are worried that people there might be spies," he says. "China's plan is working."

Dr Tobin thinks Turkish authorities are aware of what's happening and have been slow to respond. "The more dependent a country is on investment from China, the more likely it is to cooperate or to turn a blind eye," he says.

Turkey is seen as having grown closer to China in recent years, and questions have been raised about its commitment to protecting its Uyghur community.

The Turkish government did not respond to a request for comment.

But China is not only targeting people in countries where it has economic supremacy.

Julie Millsap, a US-born activist who works with the Uyghur Human Rights Project in Washington DC, says China has tried to pressure her through her in-laws.

Julie Millsap, a US-born activist, says her husband's family in China faced police harassment for her work with Uyghurs

Her husband is Han Chinese, part of the country's largest ethnic group, and the two met in China before moving to the US capital in 2020.

After Julie began campaigning on behalf of Uyghurs, local police began dropping in on her extended family in China, saying they "wanted to be friends".

She and her husband received threatening messages from her sister-in-law's phone, suggesting Julie's children may end up "as orphans". "They weren't written in a language style that she used," says Julie, who suspects the police were instructing her to send them.

During a recent video call between her husband, in Washington DC, and his sister, in China, the police happened to stop by, allowing Julie to record the moment, and confront one of the officers directly.

"He stammered and asked us not to misinterpret his intentions," she says. The officer told her police were arranging visits to all local families with US relatives, in light of the "delicate" relationship between the US and China.

Julie Millsap confronted a police officer who dropped in on her sister-in-law in China

Julie recognises that a white American and a Han Chinese family are afforded a degree of safety that Uyghurs are not. "But we're still talking about police harassment, about threats, about a daily reality that is anything but good," she says.

She thinks it is alarming that Chinese authorities feel comfortable targeting foreign citizens and attempting to dictate their work.

The US government is beginning to address the problem formally.

In March, senators introduced the Transnational Repression Policy Act, listing a range of abuses including "coercion by proxy", which covers threats to family members overseas. If passed, the law would see the creation of a dedicated phone line to report threats, and prompt Congress to bring sanctions against perpetrators wherever possible.

Abduweli Ayup, a Uyghur rights campaigner based in Norway, thinks the US legislation would be a step in the right direction, but that Western governments should go further. Each time a case is reported to the authorities, questions should be lodged directly with the Chinese government, requesting assurance that family members are safe, he says.

"We are your citizens, your neighbours and your taxpayers. Our governments should take some responsibility," says Mr Ayup.

Dr Tobin recognises the complications inherent in tackling the issue. "Saying 'would you like to speak to your family?' isn't a crime. We know it's a threat. We know it breaks communities, and causes mental health problems and trauma, but it is not a crime on British soil," he says.

The UK Home Office says attempts to intimidate overseas critics are "unacceptable", that an internal review into transnational repression is underway, and all such incidents should be reported to law enforcement.

In a statement, the Chinese Embassy in London called the allegations of transnational repression "totally groundless". The Chinese government "protects Uyghurs and their communication with overseas relatives in accordance with the law", it said.

Alim chose not to report his case to the police, but confessed his predicament to a group of Uyghur rights activists in London.

One of the group's leaders told us the requests were very common, and posed challenges to the integrity of the community - but insisted their advocacy work would continue. In their experience, almost all advances from Chinese police are rejected.

Alim wrestled with the issue before reaching a decision. "I realised that betraying others for the sake of my family would mean selling out my nation, and I couldn't do that.

"If that was the price I had to pay, so be it." He too refused China's offer.

Bills could rise after water suppliers in England said they were ready to spend £10bn on tackling sewage spills.

The privately owned companies have apologised for the amount of contaminated water being discharged into rivers and seas, amid mounting public anger over the practice.

Some campaigners have cautiously welcomed the move, but others say firms are shifting the cost on to billpayers.

The industry paid out £1.4bn to shareholders in 2022.

Musician and environmental campaigner Feargal Sharkey called it a "half apology" that was another attempt to extract more money from customers.

"What I am actually hearing is no apology for the fact we have paid them for a service we haven't got, they are now suggesting we pay them a second time for a service we haven't had," he told BBC Radio 4's Today programme.

"We should have an apology for the suggestion they are going to put bills up by £10bn for their incompetence and their greed. This is nothing to celebrate."

Companies are sometimes allowed to spill sewage into open water following heavy rainfall to prevent the system becoming overloaded and backing up into people's homes.

But campaigners have long said these spills are happening too often. In 2022, raw sewage was dumped into rivers and seas for 1.75 million hours - or 825 times a day on average.

Untreated sewage contains bacteria such as E.coli and viruses like hepatitis, that can be harmful to animals and humans. Swimming in water where untreated sewage is discharged can lead to serious illnesses such as stomach bugs, which may cause diarrhoea and vomiting, as well as respiratory, skin, ear and eye infections.

Wildlife including fish and insects can also experience kidney issues and die from sewage pollution.

Water UK, the body which represents England's nine water and sewage companies, apologised on behalf of the industry for not "acting quickly enough".

Ruth Kelly, the organisation's chair, told BBC News: "We're sorry about the upset and the anger from the fact that there have been overspills of untreated sewage onto beaches and into rivers over the past few years.

"We're sorry that we didn't act sooner, but we get it."

Your device may not support this visualisation

Environment Agency chairman Alan Lovell welcomed the companies' apology but said he wanted to "see action and a clear plan for delivery".

The companies said on Thursday they were ready to spend £10bn raised from investors to tackle the problem - but admitted customers could see a "modest" bills rise as firms looked to recover the costs over time.

Water regulator Ofwat said on Thursday it would review the commitment to assess what impact it could have on consumers before spending begins.

There are many ways that water companies can spend the money to reduce sewage spills including:

But the water companies have come under significant criticism for suggesting bills could be raised to pay for this investment whilst continuing to pay out profits to shareholders.

Downing street has said that water companies should put "consumers above profits".

The prime minister's deputy official spokesman said the apology from water companies was welcome but acknowledged that more needed to be done.

"And we've been clear throughout that we don't want to see things disproportionately impacting customer bills, especially given we know that there are people up and down the country who are struggling with the cost of living, which is why we provided the help we have in that area."

It is not yet known how much bills could rise with the new investment as Ofwat will not make a decision until the end of 2024 on spending plans.

Marine conservation charity Surfers Against Sewage (SAS) welcomed "the long overdue apology" but said the investment should not be paid for through higher bills.

"The UK public has already paid for environmental protection from sewage - but we're yet to see it. And whilst the water industry rakes it in, this investment pledged by Water UK must come out of water company profits, not from the bill payer," said Izzy Ross, campaigns manager at SAS.

Commons Environmental Audit Committee chair, Conservative MP Philip Dunne, told the BBC he hoped Ofwat would approve the investment plan.

Last year his committee warned the UK's rivers were a "chemical cocktail" of raw sewage, microplastics and slurry.

"The water and sewage sector is in listening mode and has provided a promising plan to tackle poor water quality and take vital steps to improve the country's ageing sewerage infrastructure," he said.

Jim McMahon MP, Labour's shadow environment secretary, said the government was partially to blame for the situation.

"Thirteen years of Tory government failure has left a broken system, capped by an appalling track record of inaction. The Conservatives are the problem not the solution," he said.

This sentiment was supported by Liberal Democrat leader Ed Davey. "The one apology missing here is from the environment secretary," he said. "This Conservative government has been pathetic on stopping sewage discharges into rivers."

The Green Party called for water and sewage companies to be brought back into public ownership.

Sewage spills can cause algae blooms which starve fish and other organisms of oxygen

Water UK said the companies also committed to cutting spills by up to 35% by 2030 and sharing real time data on how often sewage was being spilled into rivers and seas.

But this is not a new pledge, as the government announced last month the sharing of data would be a legal requirement for water companies by 2025.

Water UK also said companies would reduce the number of sewage spills by up to 140,000, compared with 2020, when there were more than 400,000 spills.

Environmental campaign group Windrush Against Sewage Pollution (Wasp) said that promise was "meaningless" unless the volume being spilled is also reduced. Currently, water companies are only required to monitor if a spill is happening but not how much is released.

Peter Hammond, from Wasp, told Radio 4's Today programme: "All they are promising to do is reduce the number of spills, we still don't know whether they are trickles or tsunamis of sewage going into the river[s]".

Water and sewage services in the UK are devolved and in Scotland and Northern Ireland are provided by government-run companies, in Wales it is not-for-profit. They have their own action plans to tackle sewage spills which are not included in Water UK's announcement.

Have you been affected by sewage spills? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

Geraint Davies has said he does not recognise the allegations

Three female MPs have said they were warned about Geraint Davies in their first weeks in Westminster.

They were told by other MPs to "watch out" for him, they say.

The Swansea West MP was suspended by the Labour Party following reports by the Politico website of "completely unacceptable behaviour".

Two formal complaints have now been made against the politician but he has said he does not recognise the allegations.

The three MPs who spoke to BBC Wales included two from the Labour Party and one Conservative.

One new Labour MP claimed she was subject to lewd comments and inappropriate touching.

"He was always lewd and yuck in terms of his behaviour, it was just his MO [modus operandi]," she said.

"It was never sinister, just inappropriate. He'd make lewd comments or touch your arm when you were next to him in the voting lobby. It just made you feel uncomfortable.

"If you saw him in the tea room, you would avoid sitting on his table and pray he wouldn't come and sit with you."

She added: "When I first became an MP, he was one of the ones you'd be warned about. Several people sat me down and told me to watch out for him.

"It's about time this came to light."

The Swansea West MP has said he does not recognise the allegations

A second female Labour MP told BBC Wales that she was also advised by fellow MPs to avoid Mr Davies.

The second MP had not experienced or witnessed any inappropriate behaviour herself, and therefore did not raise the issue with the party.

She believes the party needed to reassess its procedures.

"The Labour Party have a new complaints process, but we now need to question if it's working. There needs to be a review of that process to see whether it's working and if it's robust enough," she said.

"Why do we need to put the onus on young women to come forward and to make an official complaint before action is taken?

"There is now a lot of talk amongst female MPs on how we change the culture in Westminster because enough is enough."

A Conservative female MP has revealed she was also warned about Mr Davies when she first went to Westminster.

She said: "During the day, he is dismissive and rude to you. But when he has a drink - and you go to speak to him - his eyes light up in the creepiest way."

Another Labour MP told BBC Wales they were "amazed" it had taken so long for allegations about Geraint Davies' behaviour to become public.

"Everybody had heard about Geraint," they said.

Asked about Labour's procedures for dealing with allegations of inappropriate behaviour, the MP said the party's "hands were tied" until somebody had submitted a written complaint.

Mr Davies has been approached for comment but has not responded.

However, in response to earlier claims, he told Politico he did not recognise the allegations.

"If I have inadvertently caused offence to anyone, then I am naturally sorry as it is important that we share an environment of mutual and equal respect for all," he said.

First Minister of Wales Mark Drakeford said his party has "acted swiftly" to suspend Mr Davies.

On a visit to Edinburgh, Mr Drakeford told the BBC the accusations against Mr Davies are "very serious" and "need to be taken seriously".

Originally Labour said it had not received a formal complaint, but the BBC now understands that one has been made.

It's understood that following an overhaul of its complaints procedures, the Labour Party introduced a new process last year which it believes is robust, and is one that complainants can have confidence in.

A Labour spokesperson has previously said: "These are incredibly serious allegations of completely unacceptable behaviour.

"We strongly encourage anyone with a complaint to come forward to the Labour Party's investigation.

"Any complainant will have access to an independent support service who provide confidential and independent guidance and advice from external experts throughout the process."

Labour general secretary David Evans said a review has been launched into the complaints process following previous incidents, including an aide receiving a warning after allegedly groping a junior staff member.

In an email sent on Thursday, he said: "Since the stories two weeks ago, it has been my urgent focus that we review the formal processes through which our colleagues can report such behaviour, how we work together with independent complaints bodies to ensure rigorous outcomes and protection for staff while investigations are ongoing, and how we can create a culture in which colleagues feel safe and encouraged to make a complaint if they need to.

"I have been working together with a taskforce of the party's senior leadership team to move this review forward as quickly as possible."

The bullet that killed Olivia was fired through the front door of her home

The man who murdered nine-year-old Olivia Pratt-Korbel has been jailed for life and ordered to serve a minimum of 42 years in prison.

Thomas Cashman, 34, refused to go into the dock for the sentencing and none of his family were present in court.

He fatally shot Olivia and injured her mother Cheryl Korbel as he chased a fellow drug dealer into their Liverpool home on the evening of 22 August 2022.

The judge said his failure to appear was "disrespectful" to Olivia's family.

John Cooper KC, defending, said Cashman had not attended the hearing as he claimed the Crown Prosecution Service were singing "we are the champions" following his conviction.

He said Cashman was concerned proceedings were "turning into a circus".

Sentencing him in absentia at Manchester Crown Court, Mrs Justice Amanda Yip said drug dealer Cashman was "not of previous good character", had made it clear he was a criminal and had "demonstrated no remorse".

"His failure to come into court is further evidence of that," she said.

Thomas Cashman was convicted following a trial, which lasted more than three weeks

She said Cashman "relentlessly pursued" Joseph Nee into Olivia's home, where the schoolgirl had left her bed after hearing the commotion.

"She came downstairs to seek the comfort of her mother," she said.

"Her last words were 'Mum, I'm scared'.

"In a terrible twist of fate, she had stepped directly into the line of fire."

The judge said she had considered handing down a whole-life order, meaning Cashman would never be released from prison, but had decided it was not merited because the planning and premeditation in his attack was not directed at Olivia.

She also praised the bravery of a woman who gave evidence against Cashman, who was granted lifetime anonymity.

Earlier in the hearing, Ms Korbel was in tears as she clutched a teddy bear made from her daughter's pyjamas while giving her victim impact statement in the witness box.

"I cannot get my head around how Cashman continued to shoot after hearing the terrified screams and utter devastation he had caused," she said.

"His actions have left the biggest hole in our lives."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Olivia Pratt-Korbel's mother: "Justice has prevailed and I cannot begin to express our relief"

Ms Korbel told the court life was "so very quiet" without her daughter, adding: "I just can't cope with the silence."

She said she spent every afternoon thinking about the end of the school day and her "sassy, chatty girl who everyone adored" adding: "My mind keeps telling me that I've forgotten to pick her up from school."

She added that Olivia's grandmother had died on Sunday night, but had thankfully "lived long enough to see that coward found guilty".

Olivia's father John Pratt told the court he was "heartbroken" and had "nightmares about how she died [that] won't go away".

Speaking directly to the absent Cashman, he said: "You have denied my beautiful girl Olivia her future.

"I will never see her on her wedding day, and walk her down the aisle... and see her grow into the beautiful woman she was destined to become.

"We have been robbed of her future. Because of you, she will be forever nine."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Judge passes mandatory life sentence for the murder of Olivia Pratt-Korbel

Cashman, who told the court he made up to £5,000 every week from dealing cannabis in Liverpool, was found guilty of murdering Olivia after a trial which lasted more than three weeks.

The jury heard 36-year-old Nee was the intended target of the attack and Cashman, armed with two guns, had been "lying in wait" for his fellow drug dealer.

Nee had run towards the open door of Olivia's home after her mother went out to see what the noise was, the court heard.

However, when she realised it was gunshots, she ran back into her house and tried to close the door to keep the strangers out, but Cashman shot again.

The bullet went through the door and Ms Korbel's hand, before hitting Olivia in the chest.

Cashman, a father-of-two, denied being the gunman and had claimed he was at a friend's house counting £10,000 in cash and smoking cannabis at the time of the attack.

BBC Panorama investigates how Liverpool came to dominate the UK drug market and how organised crime brought death to Olivia Pratt-Korbel's door.

There were gasps from the public gallery as the sentence was announced.

Olivia's mum Cheryl and other relatives were crying, while some police officers were also tearful.

Outside the courtroom, Olivia's mum and aunties are hugging and crying.

This isn't just about justice for the nine-year-old and her family. It's also a moment for the whole community in Dovecot, Liverpool.

The lengthy imprisonment of Thomas Cashman will reassure those he intimidated, and who lived in fear of him. They may feel a bit safer as a result.

But it won't solve the bigger issues which allowed him to flourish. The drugs trade will continue, and the availability of firearms is still a problem.

The jailing of Cashman is a big victory for the police. But they know there's still much to do, to clean up the streets where he operated.

Speaking after the sentencing, Ms Korbel said her family "can now draw a line under seven months of agonising torment we have had to endure at the hands of Cashman".

"Justice has prevailed and I cannot begin to express our relief," she said.

She also thanked the witnesses "who bravely assisted the prosecution case and defied the usual stance [that] 'people do not grass'".

She said they welcome the sentence "but my family and I have already started our life sentence having to spend the rest of our lives without Olivia".

John Pratt's sister Louise added that while they were "happy" with the outcome, they "would not be celebrating, as nothing will fill the gap left in our lives following the loss of Olivia".

Det Supt Mark Baker, who led the investigation, said the "courage and bravery of Olivia's family [was] in direct contrast to the cowardice shown by Thomas Cashman".

He said the sentence has been welcomed by Merseyside Police, adding that it meant Cashman "won't be out until he's a very old man".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Bodycam footage of the moment Thomas Cashman was arrested

Commenting on Cashman's refusal to enter the dock, a Ministry of Justice source said Olivia and her family "weren't able to hide from Thomas Cashman's crime, so he shouldn't be able to hide from justice".

"This is exactly why the Deputy Prime Minister [Dominic Raab] is committed to changing the law so that offenders are forced to face the consequences of their actions," they said.

Mr Raab said in February he was examining whether judges should be able to impose longer terms on those who refused to come to court after Zara Aleena's killer did not appear for sentencing.

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Ron Fealey died in hospital after being hit by a car on Christmas Eve

A woman has appeared in court accused of a drink-drive collision on Christmas Eve which killed a great-grandfather.

Katrina Mahoney, 33, appeared before Merthyr Tydfil magistrates court charged with causing death by driving without due care and attention while over the alcohol limit.

The court was told she intends to plead guilty in Merthyr Crown Court.

Ron Fealey, 82, was allegedly struck by her car and died in hospital from his injuries.

The case was adjourned to the crown court on 14 August.

Katrina Mahoney was found to have 73 micrograms of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath, the court heard

Mr Fealey was allegedly hit by her Nissan Qashqai on Avenue De Clichy in Merthyr on 24 December 2022.

The court heard she was found to have 73 micrograms of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath, more than twice the legal limit.

A charge of failing to report an accident was dropped by the prosecution as the time limit had expired.

In a tribute released after his death, retired nurse Mr Fealey was described as "one of a kind; funny, intelligent and caring".

He was a "stalwart" of Dowlais rugby club, where he was a committee member who would "always be respected and remembered".

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Last updated on .From the section Championship

Play-off hopefuls West Bromwich Albion came from two goals down to snatch a dramatic point against a resurgent Watford at the Hawthorns.

Second-half strikes from Edo Kayembe and Mileta Rajovic put the Hornets in control.

Brandon Thomas-Asante halved the deficit with an angled shot, and Darnell Furlong's piledriver in added time completed an impressive comeback by the Baggies.

Watford interim boss Tom Cleverley was denied a second victory since replacing Valerien Ismael last month and they are 14th in the table, while the Baggies strengthened their grip on fifth place.

Hornets goalkeeper Daniel Bachmann was called into action inside the first 10 minutes when Thomas-Asante robbed Francisco Sierralta and fired at goal.

Ryan Porteous denied Mikey Johnston the opportunity to profit from the rebound, deflecting his effort over the bar.

Moments later, Bachmann thwarted Thomas-Asante again, this time palming away his goal-bound header, before he saw another effort sail over the bar.

The striker completed a frustrating first half in stoppage time when he failed to direct Tom Fellows' cross on target.

Watford offered little in terms of attacking threat before the break, but the second half was a different story as, on 51 minutes, Kayembe put them in front by controlling a weak clearance from a corner and unleashing a powerful strike low into the net from the edge of the area.

Suddenly, the visitors were in the ascendancy. Alex Palmer pushed away Tom Dele-Bashiru's forceful effort from distance before Emmanuel Dennis struck the post from a tight angle.

Their pressure told again on 66 minutes when Rajovic, who had only been on the pitch for 10 minutes, tapped home Jamal Lewis' byline cross at the back post.

But West Brom hit back through Thomas-Asante four minutes later as he collected substitute Grady Diangana's reverse pass and found the net via a deflection off Porteous.

Furlong struck in the 91st minute after combining well with Diangana, firing into the roof of the net from the edge of the area and giving Bachmann no chance.

The valuable point inches Albion closer to the play-offs with the three teams below them - Norwich, Coventry City and Preston - all suffering Monday defeats.

"For me, the team was managing the first half well. In the second half we dropped. After the two goals they scored everything was difficult.

"In football, you can never give up. You need to keep giving your best to see what you can achieve. Fortunately, we achieved the point. Unfortunately, we couldn't achieve three points.

"Watford is a team with a lot of energy, quality and legs. We started to concede things because we didn't arrive on on time in places and opened a lot of spaces. They can make differences with those spaces. that was the consequence of the two goals we conceded.

"It is necessary to be able to bounce back in football. Situations won't always happen like we want them to happen."

"It is a bit of both really [point gained and two dropped]. At this stage of the season performances have to count for a lot. A draw and a good performance, I see as a positive.

"But in the matter of which it has happened you can't help but feel deflated. It is my job to pick the players up and if we sustain that level of performance, we will be picking up a lot of points.

"The first half was cagey, they are a really well coached side. They watched how we played on Friday and had a lot of rotations to combat that. I asked the lads to impose themselves on the game second half and that's exactly what they did.

"Coming here and controlling the game is not an easy thing to do. I don't think there could be any complaints if we [had] won the game."
• None Goal! West Bromwich Albion 2, Watford 2. Darnell Furlong (West Bromwich Albion) right footed shot from outside the box to the top left corner. Assisted by Grady Diangana.
• None Attempt saved. Ryan Andrews (Watford) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Jamal Lewis with a cross.
• None Attempt saved. Matheus Martins (Watford) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal.
• None Attempt missed. Edo Kayembe (Watford) left footed shot from outside the box is too high.
• None Attempt saved. Yáser Asprilla (Watford) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Matheus Martins.
• None Goal! West Bromwich Albion 1, Watford 2. Brandon Thomas-Asante (West Bromwich Albion) right footed shot from the right side of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Grady Diangana with a through ball. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page

UFC fighter Conor McGregor has been accused of sexually assaulting a woman after an NBA Finals basketball game in Miami earlier this month.

A legal letter outlining allegations, sent to Mr McGregor and seen by BBC News, states the alleged assault took place in a bathroom at Kaseya Center.

A lawyer representing Mr McGregor said: "The allegations are false. Mr McGregor will not be intimidated."

The City of Miami Police said an investigation had been opened.

In a statement, UFC said it was aware of the allegations and was gathering further details. The Miami Heat, which hosted the NBA Finals game, said it was conducting a full investigation.

The woman's lawyer, Ariel Mitchell, said her client had been watching game four of the NBA Finals on Friday 9 June before the alleged incident happened.

In the legal letter to Mr McGregor, Ms Mitchell alleged the woman was forced into a men's bathroom by security guards from the NBA and Miami Heat before being violently sexually assaulted by Mr McGregor.

The letter claimed the woman was able to free herself from the bathroom, but left behind her purse, which she is said to have retrieved after pleading with security guards.

It alleges that security for the league, team and arena "aided and abetted" Mr McGregor by trapping and isolating her in the bathroom.

In an interview, Ms Mitchell said she had obtained video footage showing part of the alleged incident.

A police report relating to the incident was made on Sunday 11 June, the City of Miami Police told BBC News.

"This is an open investigation so no additional information can be released at this time," a police department spokeswoman said.

Mr McGregor's appearance at the NBA Finals made headlines after the Irish former champion hit the Miami Heat's mascot during half-time, in an apparent stunt for a pain relief spray he was promoting.

The person acting as the mascot was taken to a local hospital for treatment after the incident, the Athletic reported.

Stephen and Carol Baxter's local yacht club said the couple would be "much missed"

A man has been charged with murdering a married couple found dead at their seaside home, Essex Police said.

The bodies of Stephen Baxter, 61, and Carol Baxter, 64, were discovered at the property on Victory Road, West Mersea, near Colchester, on 9 April.

Luke D'Wit, 33, of Churchfields, West Mersea, has been charged with murder, possession of a Class A drug, and theft.

He is due to appear before Chelmsford Magistrates' Court on Saturday.

Police said two other people arrested in connection with the incident, a man and a woman, have been released on bail.

Det Insp Lydia George, said: "This is a significant development in our investigation as we piece together the circumstances around the deaths of Carol and Stephen."

A family member found the pair deceased at their home in West Mersea

The couple's deaths were initially treated as "unexpected and not suspicious" but the force said it had changed direction after an "extensive investigation and toxicology analysis" conducted as part of during a post-mortem examination.

Tests showed the couple had ingested the synthetic opioid drug fentanyl.

A brief inquest hearing at the coroner's court in Chelmsford on Thursday heard Ms Baxter died from "combined fentanyl and promethazine toxicity with terminal bronchopneumonia".

A cause of death of "cardiomegaly and alcoholic liver disease with fentanyl intoxication" was recorded for Mr Baxter.

The inquest was adjourned pending the ongoing police investigation.

The couple were directors of Cazsplash, a firm which produces shower mats and bathroom accessories.

Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp 0800 169 1830

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

A video still from the fatal Paris traffic stop shooting

Prosecutors have begun piecing together what happened before the fatal shooting of 17-year-old Nahel M by a police officer.

The officer has been charged with homicide and remains in custody.

In their outline of events after questioning eyewitnesses and reviewing CCTV footage, prosecutors say the teenage driver had already ignored a police demand to stop, when officers caught up with the car and drew their weapons.

Meanwhile an account has been posted online by one of the passengers, which French media say they have verified but the BBC has not.

In this account the passenger, also a teenager, says the officers hit Nahel M with the butts of their guns three times, causing him to take his foot off the brake of the car.

Prosecutors are due to talk to this witness on Monday.

Around 08:00 on Tuesday, two policemen on motorcycles spotted a Mercedes with a Polish number plate driving fast in a bus lane, Nanterre prosecutor Pascal Prache told journalists.

Turning on their siren, the officers caught up with the car at a traffic light. Three young men were inside.

The officers told the driver to stop but the vehicle pulled away, ignoring the red light. The officers gave chase and notified their unit by radio.

At 08:16, the Mercedes stopped in heavy traffic. Both officers got off their motorcycles, drew their weapons and approached the car.

They later told prosecutors that they pointed their guns at the driver to "deter him from driving away again".

They asked the driver to turn off the ignition, but the car moved forward. One of the officers fired, fatally wounding the young man in the chest.

After the car ran into a roadside barrier, one of the passengers was arrested and the other fled on foot.

The passenger says the three friends were driving around Nanterre when the car strayed into the bus lane and was chased by two policemen on motorcycles.

After Nahel stopped the car, the young man says in his video and in an interview with Le Parisien newspaper, one of the officers hit the teenage driver with the butt of his gun.

He alleges that the second policeman also struck Nahel before the first officer again hit him.

He told Le Parisien that the blows left Nahel M "a little stunned".

The third blow, according to this account, caused Nahel to take his foot off the brake and the vehicle to move forward. After the officer fired, Nahel M slumped forward and his foot pressed on the accelerator, the passenger said.

When the car came a standstill, the passenger said, he decided to flee because he was afraid he would be shot too.

Questions have been asked about the car, a Mercedes A class AMG. Officials describe it as a rented vehicle.

The passenger who fled said that someone had lent it to the three youths, without giving any details.

According to the French motoring website Autoplus, German sportscars with Polish number plates can be hired for €300-3,000 (£260-2,600) a day.

This type of short rental is popular with young men in French housing estates, Autoplus says.

Nahel M did not have a criminal record but was known to police.

He had previously been cited for driving without a licence - he was too young to have one - and for refusing to comply with an order to stop.

He was due to appear before a juvenile court in September.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Seven Just Stop Oil protesters have been arrested while trying to halt the annual Pride parade in central London.

Images on social media showed police removing demonstrators who managed to briefly stop the march.

The Metropolitan Police said seven people were arrested for public nuisance offences.

Before the parade started, LGBTQ+ Just Stop Oil members called on Pride to stop accepting sponsorship money from "high-polluting industries".

Organisers estimate more than 30,000 participants from across 600 organisations took part in the parade.

Speaking after the arrests, Will De'Athe-Morris, from Pride in London said he did not want the protest to overshadow the parade's core message.

"Pride is a protest and pride is a celebration," he told the BBC. "We are protesting for LGBT+ rights and for our trans siblings, who must never march alone."

"So for us anyone who tries to disrupt that protest and parade is really letting down those people who use this space once a year to come together to celebrate and protest for those rights."

Protesters stopped in front of a Coca-Cola float in Piccadilly

Police said the parade was briefly delayed for around 17 minutes while officers dealt with the protesters at Piccadilly's junction with Down Street.

BBC Radio London's Rob Oxley said the protesters "sat down in front of the Coke float for around 20 minutes".

"The DJ on the float continued to play music and the crowd cheered as they were removed."

Organisers estimated around 30,000 participants from across 600 organisations took part in the parade

Before the parade started, LGBTQ+ members of Just Stop Oil called on organisers to condemn new oil, gas and coal licences.

"These partnerships embarrass the LGBTQ+ community at a time when much of the cultural world is rejecting ties to these toxic industries," they said in a statement.

LGBTQ+ people are "suffering first" in the "accelerating social breakdown" caused by climate change, they added.

Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, says many people involved in the parade are passionate about tackling climate change, but disruption isn't the right approach

The procession started at midday at Hyde Park Corner and people peacefully made their way through Westminster's streets - it finished at Whitehall Place.

A number of stages hosted performances from LGBTQ+ acts as part of the celebrations.

The parade began at Hyde Park Corner and weaved its way through central London - it is due to end at Whitehall Place

Mr De'Athe-Morris urged protesters not to "rain on this parade".

"There are so many more opportunities during the year to share your messages, please don't try and rain on this parade," he said.

"We don't want to see a day marred in any way by people trying to disrupt it."

Earlier, Sadiq Khan described Just Stop Oil as a "really important pressure group" despite the disruption threats.

OpenAI has released GPT-4, the latest version of its hugely popular artificial intelligence chatbot ChatGPT.

The new model can respond to images - providing recipe suggestions from photos of ingredients, for example, as well as writing captions and descriptions.

It can also process up to 25,000 words, about eight times as many as ChatGPT.

Millions of people have used ChatGPT since it launched in November 2022.

Popular requests for it include writing songs, poems, marketing copy, computer code, and helping with homework - although teachers say students shouldn't use it.

ChatGPT answers questions using natural human-like language, and it can also mimic other writing styles such as songwriters and authors, using the internet as it was in 2021 as its knowledge database.

There are concerns that it could one day take over many jobs currently done by humans.

OpenAI said it had spent six months on safety features for GPT-4, and had trained it on human feedback. However it warned that it may still be prone to sharing disinformation.

GPT-4 will initially be available to ChatGPT Plus subscribers, who pay $20 per month for premium access to the service.

It's already powering Microsoft's Bing search engine platform. The tech giant has invested $10b into OpenAI.

In a live demo it generated an answer to a complicated tax query - although there was no way to verify its answer.

GPT-4, like ChatGPT, is a type of generative artificial intelligence. Generative AI uses algorithms and predictive text to create new content based on prompts.

GPT-4 has "more advanced reasoning skills" than ChatGPT, OpenAI said. The model can, for example, find available meeting times for three schedules.

OpenAI also announced new partnerships with language learning app Duolingo and Be My Eyes, an application for the visually impaired, to create AI Chatbots which can assist their users using natural language.

However, like its predecessors, OpenAI has warned that GPT-4 is still not fully reliable and may "hallucinate" - a phenomenon where AI invents facts or makes reasoning errors.

Last updated on .From the section Tennis

Just Stop Oil protesters interrupted play twice at Wimbledon by throwing orange-coloured confetti and jigsaw pieces on to court 18.

The contest between Grigor Dimitrov and Sho Shimabukuro was targeted by two protesters.

A third protester then targeted Katie Boulter's match against Daria Saville. Two men and a woman were arrested.

Environmental protest group Just Stop Oil has targeted various sporting events, including an Ashes Test.

Followers of the group - which calls for the government to halt all new oil, gas and coal projects - also disrupted the rugby union Premiership final and the World Snooker Championship.

In a statement after the first episode, the All England Club (AELTC) said: "Following an incident on court 18, two individuals have been arrested on suspicion of aggravated trespass and criminal damage and these individuals have now been removed from the grounds."

A man and woman had run on to the court, throwing confetti and jigsaw pieces from a Wimbledon 'Centre Court View' jigsaw puzzle box on to the grass. The man sat down on court 18 before he was removed.

A couple of hours later another man ran on to the same court, where British number one Boulter had just resumed her rain-interrupted first-round match against Australian Saville.

The crowd booed the protesters with some heard shouting "get off".

Following the breaks in play, a Wimbledon shop worker told BBC Sport they had stopped selling jigsaws for now.

Just Stop Oil said in a statement its supporters had thrown "environmentally friendly orange confetti glitter and jigsaw pieces" and that "play was briefly delayed whilst marshals picked up the pieces".
• None Just Stop Oil: What is it and what does it want?

Home secretary Suella Braverman condemned the actions of the protesters as "selfish" and "unacceptable", and said she had chaired a meeting at Downing Street with representatives of various sports organisations to try to "prevent further disruptions".

Culture Secretary Lucy Frazer added: "We must protect the right to peaceful protest, but that does not give licence to a vocal minority to spoil events that millions of us enjoy."

The meeting followed a spate of protests at high-profile sporting events, with Just Stop Oil disrupting the second Ashes cricket test at Lord's last week, attempting to spread orange powder on the wicket.

This year's Grand National was also disrupted after animal rights activists attached themselves to fences, with police making multiple arrests.

Wimbledon organisers previously urged spectators to "be considerate" when they were asked about the possibility of climate change protests, and they also increased security checks at this year's event.

The tighter security had led on Monday to delays in getting fans into the grounds.

Despite the measures, Wimbledon became the latest sporting event to find its green surface turned briefly orange.

AELTC chief executive Sally Bolton said earlier this week the club had "taken account of what we've seen elsewhere so security has been uplifted in various places around the grounds".

An environmental activist previously tied themselves to the net post during the French Open semi-final between Casper Ruud and Marin Cilic in 2022.

'It's not pleasant' - Dimitrov on interruption to his match

Bulgaria's Dimitrov won his first-round match against Shimabukuro after the brief protest early in the second set. Dimitrov said the disruption had been handled well by staff and the timing of a rain delay that came almost immediately afterwards had also been helpful.

"Obviously, it's not pleasant," he said. "Sometimes you're just at the wrong place at the wrong time.

"Everyone in a way did their part as quick as possible.

"Rain was coming so it was also a little bit fortunate to come off the court and have some time to kind of regroup a little bit and shake it off."

Boulter added: "I think we all sympathise with what they're going through completely. At the same time I don't know if it's the right place or time.

"When I think back to people who have sat here... 30 hours trying to watch tennis, it's really tough on them.

"I'm pretty sure there will be a reaction to what's been happening and there will be more security in place or whatever they need to do to ensure that it doesn't happen again."

Wimbledon have not said if they will be implementing any additional security measures, but are working "closely" with police.

"We are disappointed that three individuals sought to disrupt the enjoyment of others today and we continue to work closely with our partners in the Metropolitan Police as we look into every aspect of today's events," a statement read.

There are plans for local radio stations in England to share some programmes with neighbouring areas

The BBC's regional TV bulletins and local radio and online output in England are being disrupted by a 24-hour strike on Wednesday and Thursday.

National Union of Journalists (NUJ) members working for BBC Local started the action at 11:00 GMT in response to plans to merge some local radio shows.

The NUJ said the proposals would "undermine already hollowed out local radio content across England".

The BBC said it had "tried to minimise disruption as much as possible".

Plans for its 39 local stations to share more shows would "see no overall reduction in staffing levels or local funding" and deliver "even greater value to communities", a BBC spokesperson said.

The strike means most 13.30, 18.30 and 22:30 regional TV news programmes across England are not expected to be broadcast.

Shortly after 11:00 on Wednesday, some local radio stations broadcast a syndicated programme. Others kept their own shows, although many used stand-in hosts.

The NUJ said it expected more than 1,000 staff to take part. When the strike ends at 11:00 on Thursday, they will then start a continuous work to rule - sticking strictly to the requirements of their contract, for example not taking on extra duties or overtime.

Programming in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland is not affected.

The union said staff saw the strike as "a last resort".

NUJ general secretary Michelle Stanistreet said: "It's not simply a question about jobs and conditions for our members - they believe passionately in the value that quality local content brings to their audiences, journalism that is trusted and relied upon in the communities they serve.

"The BBC's raiding of local radio budgets to fund its Digital First strategy is wrongheaded and risks undermining a vital part of our public service broadcasting."

Wednesday's walk-out coincides with the chancellor's Budget day. Further strikes are being considered for May's local elections, the coronation and the Eurovision Song Contest.

Under the BBC's proposals, the 39 English stations would keep their own weekday morning programmes but then share 20 afternoon weekday shows, with some stations sharing schedules between 14:00-18:00 with neighbouring stations and others remaining local.

There would be 10 shared shows after 18:00 and a single all-England programme after 22:00. Weekend output will also be affected.

The 39 BBC Introducing shows, which help to discover up-and-coming musicians, will also be cut to 20 - but with extra timeslots to ensure a broad range of music can still be played.

The BBC has said local news bulletins and live sports programming will be maintained.

A BBC spokesperson said on Wednesday: "We are obviously disappointed that the strike has gone ahead. We have a plan to modernise local services across England - including more news journalists and a stronger local online service - which will see no overall reduction in staffing levels or local funding.

"Our goal is a local service across TV, radio and online that delivers even greater value to communities.

"We will continue to engage with the trade union and do everything possible to minimise the impact on staff."

The BBC plans also include creating 11 investigative reporting teams across the country, launching dedicated online services for Bradford, Wolverhampton, Sunderland and Peterborough, and creating a new fund to commission original local programmes and podcasts.

Separately, there have been recent protests about proposed cuts to BBC Radio Foyle in Northern Ireland.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. It would be strange for me to name dates but we are ready for counter-offensive, says Mr Danilov

Ukraine is ready to launch its long-expected counter-offensive against Russian forces, one of the country's most senior security officials has told the BBC.

Oleksiy Danilov would not name a date but said an assault to retake territory from President Vladimir Putin's occupying forces could begin "tomorrow, the day after tomorrow or in a week".

He warned that Ukraine's government had "no right to make a mistake" on the decision because this was an "historic opportunity" that "we cannot lose".

As secretary of the National Security and Defence Council of Ukraine, Mr Danilov is at the heart of President Volodymyr Zelensky's de facto war cabinet.

His rare interview with the BBC was interrupted by a phone message from President Zelensky summoning him to a meeting to discuss the counter-offensive.

During the interview, he also confirmed that some Wagner mercenary forces were withdrawing from the city of Bakhmut, the site of the bloodiest battle of the war so far - but he added they were "regrouping to another three locations" and "it doesn't mean that they will stop fighting with us".

Mr Danilov also said he was "absolutely calm" about Russia beginning to deploy nuclear weapons to Belarus, saying: "To us, it's not some kind of news."

Ukraine has been planning a counter-offensive for months. But it has wanted as much time as possible to train troops and to receive military equipment from Western allies.

In the meantime, Russian forces have been preparing their defences.

Much is at stake because the government in Kyiv needs to show the people of Ukraine - and Western allies - that it can break through Russian lines, end the effective military deadlock and recapture some of its sovereign territory.

Mr Danilov said the armed forces would begin the assault when commanders calculated "we can have the best result at that point of the war".

Asked if Ukrainian armed forces were ready for the offensive, he replied: "We are always ready. The same as we were ready to defend our country at any time. And it is not a question of time.

"We have to understand that that historic opportunity that is given to us - by God - to our country we cannot lose, so we can truly become an independent, big European country."

He added: "It could happen tomorrow, the day after tomorrow or in a week.

"It would be weird if I were to name dates of the start of that or those events. That cannot be done…. We have a very responsible task before our country. And we understand that we have no right to make a mistake."

Ukrainian troops have spent months training on Western equipment ahead of the expected attack

Mr Danilov dismissed suggestions the counter-offensive had already begun, saying that "demolishing Russian control centres and Russian military equipment" had been the task of Ukrainian armed forces since 24 February last year - the date Russia launched the invasion.

"We have no days off during this war," he said.

He defended the decision by Ukraine's army to fight in Bakhmut for so many months, a battle that has cost the lives of many of its soldiers.

"Bakhmut is our land, our territory, and we must defend it," he said. "If we start leaving every settlement, that could get us to our western border as Putin wanted from the first days of the war."

He said that "we control only a small part of the city, and we admit to that. But you have to keep in mind that Bakhmut has played a big role in this war."

Asked if Wagner mercenaries were leaving, he replied: "Yes, that is happening. But it doesn't mean that they will stop fighting with us. They are going to concentrate more on other fronts… they are regrouping to other three locations."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

With nurses staging their most extensive strike and other unions walking out, the NHS faced one its most bitter disputes

It was one of the most bitter disputes in the history of the NHS, with the Royal College of Nursing staging its most extensive strike action ever. But as a deal with ministers was reached in England this week, the BBC can now reveal details of the secret and unprecedented talks.

On cold, frosty mornings on nurses' picket lines the rhetoric was fiery and noisy. Striking nurses condemned the government for failing to open pay talks. Ministers criticised walkouts affecting patients.

But behind the scenes it was a very different story. Secret contacts were being made between the two sides.

From early January there were confidential approaches from an unofficial source to the Royal College of Nurses (RCN), the nurses' union, about the possibility of talks beginning in England. This involved putting out feelers to see what might bring the nurses' union to the table.

Strikes by nurses and other health unions - representing paramedics, midwives and other NHS staff - had been triggered when ministers insisted on sticking to the recommendations of the independent pay review body (PRB). It had proposed average increases of 4%.

The RCN's original demand for a wage rise of 5% above inflation - equivalent at one point to 19% - was unaffordable, ministers said.

The government is ultimately responsible for setting NHS pay in England, funded by the Department of Health and Social Care. NHS Employers are involved in detailed negotiations.

But now these secret contacts had been made, it was not obvious to the RCN how closely they were linked to Downing Street or other parts of Whitehall.

The approaches seemed highly unorthodox. Usually it would be obvious whether ministers or officials were making a proposal.

But all became clear on 21 February with a call from Downing Street to the Royal College of Nursing. There was an invitation to talks which would include the idea of a one-off payment for the current financial year, a key demand of the nurses. The public announcement came as a big surprise even to some civil servants.

The prime minister was signalling a change of tack. Previously there had been denials that any more money was available. In return for the invitation to talk the RCN had to agree to call off an escalated two-day strike in England affecting all care, including emergencies.

The Royal College of Nursing's Pat Cullen had a high profile in the media and seemingly high public support

And so began the chain of events which led to last Thursday's pay offer to nurses, paramedics, midwives and other health staff in England.

There were shades of international diplomacy and intrigue in the negotiations. Back-channels and deniable contacts had steered a damaging dispute into calmer waters.

The stakes could not have been higher, as on the face of it the NHS strikes and widespread disruption had seemed destined to rumble on for months. But so far, these tentative talks were only with the RCN. The other health unions, representing paramedics and a range of health staff, were irritated. They were not invited to the table.

It seemed that the government was deliberately focusing on the nurses' union because of what seemed to be rising public support. RCN's general secretary Pat Cullen had a high profile in the media.

The RCN discussions with ministers remained shrouded in secrecy. Early encounters took place at an undisclosed location to avoid the media.

But that changed on 2 March when the other unions were invited to join the talks. Assurances were given that more money was available but the unions had to agree to keep the process confidential.

The result was an intensive series of meetings at the Department of Health and Social Care in Victoria Street, close to Westminster Abbey.

They took place on the ninth floor in offices which have traditionally been occupied by ministers. Health Secretary Steve Barclay had chosen to move down one floor to an open plan office with civil servants.

Union officials were intrigued to note they were meeting in an office once occupied by Matt Hancock. It was the scene of his kiss with his then-aide Gina Coladangelo, caught on CCTV and the images leaked to a newspaper. They joked about the possible presence of cameras.

The six members of the NHS staff council, representing the main health unions, along with one other official, were used to talks with employers. Sara Gorton of Unison, who chairs the council, says of the unprecedented situation they were in: "The process was unique in that the secretary of state was personally involved and negotiated directly with unions."

What was also highly unusual was the presence of Treasury officials as well as negotiators from NHS Employers and health staff. It seemed they wanted to keep a close watch on money being offered.

Unison's Sara Gorton said it was a unique situation for the health secretary to negotiate directly with unions

One union source said it became clear we were "negotiating with people who weren't used to it". Another added that they had "never worked in this way before".

There was a determination on the part of ministers to avoid leaks. Data sheets given to the negotiators had to be handed back at the end of each day. When the union team took the paperwork for their own private discussions they had to hand over their phones to prevent photos being taken. No paper was allowed to leave the building.

Perhaps in a bid to demonstrate Whitehall austerity there was no regular supply of refreshments. One participant remembers "coffee and an occasional biscuit". Another said they decided to bring in their own glasses for water.

For lunch they were taken down to the department's canteen, escorted at all times around the building. Occasionally they nipped out for fresh air and a quick visit to a local sushi bar.

The days were long with formal talks in full sessions interspersed with negotiating teams retreating to smaller offices. Sometimes they ran on beyond midnight. They knew the outcome of their work would be vitally important for the whole NHS in England.

Steve Barclay was present for much of the process, as was health minister Will Quince - though he had to take his leave one day because the King was visiting his constituency.

According to one union source: "Steve Barclay was constructive and there was not the heated atmosphere seen before Christmas."

One government source describes the secretary of state's style: "What gets him going is seeing a problem through - like a maths problem - he doesn't make a big noise and gets his head down."

Health Secretary Steve Barclay was "constructive" in talks, a union source said

There were tensions at times, but no serious fallings out. Late on Wednesday evening a deal was done. Exhausted participants retired, relieved but knowing it had to be sold to members.

Rachel Harrison of the GMB reflects on the outcome: "They were very long days locked on the ninth floor but it was what we asked for - we wanted to be invited in and they did."

Unions had insisted before entering the talks that it had to be "new money" which funded any pay offer. Ministers, after the deal, said the funding would not come from NHS frontline budgets.

But there is still ambiguity about the source of the money, with government sources saying some would come from existing planned Department of Health and Social Care spending and the rest after negotiation with the Treasury.

The pay dispute started with ministers insisting that they would follow recommendations of the pay review body and not negotiate directly with unions. But it was face-to-face talks which broke the deadlock.

The deal - a one off payment and a 5% pay rise for the year starting in April - included an agreement to review the composition and remit of the PRB.

Yet this is not the end of the process. The dispute will only end once health union members give their approval - and that is far from certain.

There is a separate and ongoing doctors' pay row. There are different pay discussions in Scotland and Wales.

But strikes which have caused frustrating delays for patients and damaged staff morale have for now come to an end in England. As one union source reflects: "What a shame it took so long."

Millions of pounds have been paid out in the last ten years to people who were abused in the Scouts, lawyers say.

BBC File on 4 contacted 13 law firms who specialise in child abuse claims, and data from the eight that responded revealed more than £6m had been paid out in compensation in the last decade.

Some 166 cases were settled over the same time, while more female survivors were now coming forward, lawyers said.

The Scout Association said it was "deeply sorry" anyone suffered abuse.

It comes as two women, who both say they were abused in the Scouts, have started a campaign asking the organisation to change its safeguarding policy.

File on 4 contacted 13 firms who specialise in abuse claims, all in the Association of Child Abuse Lawyers.

According to data from the lawyers who responded, at least 260 claims were taken on against the Scouts in the last ten years, and 166 cases were settled. Some 50 had been unsuccessful and others were still ongoing.

The BBC asked the Scouts how much money it had paid out in the last ten years.

The association said it had not been able to get to a definitive number because much of the information related to historical cases and was spread across numerous insurers - but the number of payouts broadly matched what they were aware of.

According to the association, 96% of claims related to offences that happened prior to 2013 - with many from the 1960s to 1990s. But some have happened more recently, including in the last few years.

Hundreds of thousands of children across the UK are signed up as members of the Scout Association, whose programmes include Squirrels, Beavers, Cub Scouts, as well as Scouts and Explorer Scouts for older children.

Abbie Hickson, from Bolt Burdon Kemp solicitors, says her firm has settled more than 100 abuse claims in the last ten years. She said a key problem was "safeguarding policy relies much on the integrity of the adult involved".

"Scout leaders who sexually abused children in their care are by their very nature highly manipulative, secretive, devious and opportunistic individuals. And their very aim is to separate a child from the group in order to facilitate that abuse."

Dino Nocivelli, from Leigh Day solicitors, has spent the last 20 years representing abuse survivors. He said the number of female complainants was rising.

Young women were able to join the Venture Scouts from 1976. Then, in 1991, girls were allowed to join across all age groups - but it wasn't until 2007 that it became compulsory for Scout groups to accept girls.

"In the last 12 months, a number of women and girls have contacted me about sexual abuse in the Scouts," Mr Nocivelli said. "This is not an issue from the 60s, 70s, 80s. This abuse is happening in the 2000 and the 2010s and sadly the 2020s."

Sheanna Patelmaster, 27, and Lucy Pincott, 29, both say they were abused when they joined the Scouts, in 2007.

Sheanna was 13, and her leader was 24. She says he noticed she was having an unhappy time at home and offered to let her stay at his house one night a week after Scouts. It was there, she says, he sexually assaulted her on numerous occasions.

Lucy was also 13 when she says she was groomed by a young leader. He bought her necklaces and he would often arrange to meet her before Scouts.

It was at one of these meetings that Lucy says she was forced to have sex with him. She says the sexual abuse continued for nine months in the grounds where the Scout meetings took place and on camps.

Lucy says other adult volunteers were aware of what was going on but failed to report the abuse. She subsequently sued the Scout Association for failing in their duty of care. It didn't accept liability but settled out of court, paying Lucy £160,000.

Sheanna and Lucy have now set up a petition asking the Scouts to change their safeguarding policies.

They want a paid safeguarding lead officer in every Scout county in the UK, who would be responsible for monitoring the conduct of volunteers and ensuring allegations of abuse are properly reported. They are calling for both the Scouts and Girlguiding to be subject to an inspection regime, similar to Ofsted.

The campaign, called Yours in Scouting, includes a call for personal testimonies from anyone who has suffered abuse in the Scouts.

In a statement, the Scout Association told the BBC: "Any form of abuse is abhorrent and we're sorry for Sheanna and Lucy's terrible experiences."

It added: "In the UK almost half a million young people enjoy Scouts every week and nothing is more important than their safety. We have robust safeguarding policies, training and procedures in place. These are now reviewed every other year by the NSPCC."

An uneasy calm is returning to Israel after Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announced he would delay a key part of controversial plans to overhaul the justice system.

On Monday night he said he would pause the legislation to prevent a "rupture among our people".

However it is unclear what a delay will achieve beyond buying time.

It followed intensified protests after he fired his defence minister, who had spoken against the plans.

In unprecedented events, the country's biggest trade union called a strike, and Israelis watched society close down around them.

From the main airport to shops and banks - even in hospitals - services were stopped. The co-ordinated action was designed to push Mr Netanyahu back from the brink of pushing through the reforms by the end of this week.

Opposition Leader Yair Lapid called it the "biggest crisis in the history of the country".

The government, Israel's most right-wing ever, is seeking to take decisive control over the committee which appoints judges. The reforms would give the parliament authority to override Supreme Court decisions with a basic majority and would make it difficult to declare a prime minister unfit for office and remove them from power.

Mr Netanyahu said the changes would stop courts over-reaching their powers, but critics said they would help him as he faces an ongoing trial for corruption. He has been on trial facing charges of bribery, fraud and breach of trust in three cases. The prime minister denies any wrongdoing and claims he is the victim of a "witch hunt".

The proposed changes have provoked an outpouring of anger from nearly all parts of Israeli society, including parts of its powerful military, since they were announced on 4 January.

Many Israelis also rallied in support of the judicial reforms in Jerusalem on Monday

When he finally addressed the nation on Monday night, he was quick to cast blame. He accused an "extremist minority" of trying to divide the nation, and criticised military reservists who had opposed the bill by saying they wouldn't report for duty. His own part in the country's upheaval was not acknowledged.

The solution Mr Netanyahu has proposed will buy him time, but it won't solve the problem - demonstrators were fighting for this bill to be scrapped, not delayed.

Israel's opposition have said they'll enter into fresh dialogue.

Mr Netanyahu's far-right coalition partner, the Jewish Power party, said they had withdrawn a veto on any delay to passing the reforms in return for a guarantee that Mr Netanyahu would pass them during the next session of parliament.

That could happen any time from the end of April, when parliament returns following a recess which begins on Sunday.

Itamar Ben-Gvir, Jewish Power's leader, also said he accepted the delay because, in exchange, Mr Netanyahu had agreed to put his national security ministry in charge of a new "national guard".

In the heart of Jerusalem, around the Knesset, supporters and critics held counter-protests. One thing united them - the blue and white flag waved by both groups. This is one nation, for weeks bitterly divided and Israelis know it is not over yet.

Police had to separate rival groups of protesters in Jerusalem

Protests erupted on Sunday after Netanyahu fired his defence minister Yoav Gallant, who had spoken out against controversial plans to overhaul the justice system.

However a nationwide strike put forward by the Histadrut labour union was called off after Mr Netanyahu said he would delay the reforms.

Israel's president, Isaac Herzog, said the delay was "the right thing to do". He had previously called for an immediate halt to the plans.

Mr Lapid cautiously welcomed the delay to the reform package.

"If the government engages in a real and fair dialogue we can come out of this moment of crisis - stronger and more united - and we can turn this into a defining moment in our ability to live together," he said.

Elsewhere, the White House said US President Joe Biden would address the Israeli prime minister's decision later on Monday.

Spokesperson John Kirby said the United States remained concerned about the situation in Israel but declined to comment specifically on the delay.

The council's leader Bridget Smith said it had helped address a reliance on expensive agency staff

The local government minister has formally requested a council ends its trial of a four-day week "immediately" over concerns about "value for money".

South Cambridgeshire District Council's trial was due to run until 2024, but in a letter, Lee Rowley said such an approach could breach its legal duties.

The Liberal Democrat-led council is the first in the UK to trial the system.

Defending the scheme, leader Bridget Smith said it had helped address a reliance on expensive agency staff.

She said an assessment showed that "performance was maintained" and added that she was "surprised" to receive the letter and wanted to meet "with ministers to discuss this matter".

The authority started the pilot in January for the 450 desk-based staff at its office in Cambourne.

It was recently extended until next March.

Mr Rowley said his department would "shortly be issuing clear guidance" about the working practice

Mr Rowley wrote to Ms Smith with a formal request for the council to "end your experiment immediately".

He said he had concerns about the impact of the trial on the needs of local taxpayers at a time when the council should be "cutting backlogs, answering queries and improving efficiency".

"I strongly believe in the ability of councils to innovate and find new ways to discharge their responsibilities," he said.

"Removing up to 20% of the capacity to do those activities is not something which should be acceptable for a council seeking to demonstrate value for money for its taxpayers and residents."

He said while some private sector organisations "may choose to experiment with their own capital and capacity regarding 'four-day working weeks', local government should not do the same".

He added that such an approach could breach the council's legal duties under the Local Government Act and the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities would "shortly be issuing clear guidance".

About 450 staff at South Cambridgeshire District Council have been trialling a four-day week

In a statement, the council leader said she was "surprised to receive Mr Rowley's letter and we have written to him to request a meeting with ministers to discuss this matter".

"This is a trial, but we have already seen strong independently assessed evidence which showed that performance was maintained, and in some cases improved, in the first three months," she said.

"At the start of our trial, we were carrying a £2m annual agency bill.

"During the first three months of the trial, we filled four permanent posts that had previously been impossible to fill [and] this has reduced our annual bill by £300,000."

She added that as time had gone on, it had become "increasingly clear that recruitment has been positively affected, both in terms of the quality and number of applicants, and the consequent success in filling vacant posts".

Joe Ryle, director of the 4-Day Week campaign group, also criticised Mr Rowley's request.

He said the move "flies in the face of all the evidence, which shows the four-day week has been a huge success at the council".

"The four-day week with no loss of pay is already being rolled out across the private sector, so it's only fair the public sector are included too," he added.

"There is no good reason to end this trial, which is already bringing many benefits to council workers, local residents and saving the council money."

Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp us on 0800 169 1830
• None Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

King Charles III has been presented with Scotland's crown jewels in Edinburgh in a ceremony to mark his Coronation.

He received the crown and sceptre which form part of the Honours of Scotland.

The national thanksgiving service at St Giles' Cathedral also featured a new sword named after the late Queen Elizabeth.

Before the service, the crown jewels were brought from Edinburgh Castle to St Giles' in a procession down the Royal Mile involving about 100 people from various aspects of Scottish life.

More than 700 members of the Royal Navy, British Army and Royal Air Force were part of the procession.

The event was rounded off by a 21-gun salute at Edinburgh Castle and a Red Arrows flypast.

Protesters chanted "not my king" gathered on Edinburgh's Royal Mile ahead of the thanksgiving service.

Another anti-monarchy group hosted a rally outside Holyrood, which was attended by Greens co-leaders Patrick Harvie and Lorna Slater.

That concludes our coverage of the thanksgiving and dedication. The editors were Paul McLaren and Heather Sharp, and the writers were Bryn Palmer, Craig Hutchison and Antoinette Radford. Thank you for joining us.

Police were called to Priory Road, Dartford at 12:45 BST on Saturday by neighbours who reported hearing gunshots

A woman has been taken to hospital with serious injuries consistent with gunshot wounds after being held hostage at her home in Kent.

Police were called to Priory Road, Dartford at 12:45 BST on Saturday when neighbours reported hearing gunshots.

Witnesses described how officers cordoned off the road and ordered people to stay inside their homes.

Following an hour-long stand-off, neighbours described hearing two rounds of gunshots.

Kent Police confirmed a man and a woman had been taken to a London hospital with serious injuries consistent with gunshot wounds.

Following an hour-long stand-off, neighbours described hearing two rounds of gunshots

"Officers, along with a trained police negotiator, attended and attempted to engage with a man inside the address," a spokesperson for the force said.

"Police are treating this as an isolated incident and are not looking for anyone else in connection with it."

Officers remain at the scene and enquiries are ongoing to determine what happened.

Witnesses who lived nearby said the woman had been "held hostage" by a man at the back of the property.

Witnesses described how Kent Police officers cordoned off the road and ordered people to stay inside

One woman, who wished to remain anonymous, described the scene as "chilling".

"I was in the house and my husband and two girls were out - they couldn't get back home," she said.

"I went out and was told 'get back - you must stay indoors'. I went to the garden where I could see more."

About an hour after police entered the property, she said she heard gunshots before a person was carried out on a stretcher.

"It was pandemonium", she added. "I heard five gunshots - a pause and then another five."

Officers remain at the scene in Dartford

Follow BBC South East on Facebook, on Twitter, and on Instagram. Send your story ideas to southeasttoday@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Plans to make it more difficult for children to illegally buy e-cigarettes in England are to be laid out by the government next week.

An enforcement squad made up of trading standards officers will be set up to carry out test purchases and clamp down on shops selling vapes to under-18s.

The Department of Health says it will allocate £3m to tackle the issue.

Health Minister Neil O'Brien said he was particularly concerned about the rising use of disposable vapes.

The measures will also call for help in identifying how best to stop children from vaping.

Only people aged 18 and over can buy vapes or e-cigarettes in the UK, but there has been growing pressure on the government to crack down on them being illegally sold to children.

NHS figures for 2021 showed that reported usage of e-cigarettes had risen to 9% among 11 to 15-year-olds in England - up from 6% in 2018. In the same period, vaping among 15-year-old girls jumped from 10% to 21%.

A more recent survey from public health charity Action on Smoking and Health (ASH) and King's College London found that about one-in-11 (8.6%) young people in England either occasionally or regularly vape.

Mr O'Brien will make a speech at the Policy Exchange on Tuesday announcing an "illicit vapes enforcement squad" which will carry out projects across England, including making test purchasing at convenience and vape shops.

It will also issue guidance on how to ensure the laws are being complied with, as well as having the power to remove illegal products from sale.

Vapes or e-cigarettes are considered safer than normal cigarettes because they do not contain harmful tobacco, and they have become popular in helping people to quit smoking.

However, the NHS advises that vapes are not risk-free, and the long-term implications of using them are not yet clear. The vapour can still contain small amounts of chemicals, including nicotine.

Trading Standards has previously said that shops selling illegal vapes and the sale of e-cigarettes to children were the top threats to the UK's High Streets.

There is concern that cheap, brightly-coloured vapes are ending up in the hands of 12 and 13-year-olds, with experts discouraging young non-smokers from taking up the habit.

Action on Smoking and Health has called for plainer packaging on vaping products to make them less attractive to children.

ASH Chief Executive Deborah Arnold said she was pleased the government has "finally announced funding for enforcement to tackle the scourge of underage sales".

She called for other "obvious measures" to be put in place, including taxing disposable vapes to raise their cost to more than "pocket money prices" and introducing plain packaging.

Councils in England have also said vapes should be kept out of sight of children in shops and the legal minimum age of 18 should be marked clearly on each product.

The UK Vaping Industry Association said the solution is to enforce existing laws on retailers rather than focus on packaging.

Video filmed on a phone shows the moment a driver in Spain lost control of their car before getting caught in floodwaters.

It happened after the driver tried to cross an inundated road in Molina de Segura on the south coast.

The country has been hit by heavy rains after a prolonged drought.

Spain's state weather agency AEMET had been on track to register the driest spring since records began in 1961.

Other videos of the incident on social media appear to show that the driver was unharmed.