Scorpius Hyperion Malfoy   Biographical information  Born Between 1 September 2005 and 31 August 2006   Blood status Pure-blood[1]   Marital status Single   Nationality British   Also known as Malfoy the Unanxious[2] (by himself)Scorpius the Dreadless[2] (by himself)Scorpion King (by Hogwarts students in an alternate reality)[3]Harry Potter (under disguise of Polyjuice Potion)    Physical information  Species Human[4]   Gender Male[4]   Hair colour White-blond[5]   Eye colour Grey[5]   Skin colour Light[5]    Relationship information  Family members Draco Malfoy (father)Astoria Malfoy (née Greengrass) (mother) †Lucius Malfoy (paternal grandfather)Narcissa Malfoy (née Black) (paternal grandmother)Daphne Greengrass (maternal aunt)Malfoy family (paternal family)Greengrass family (maternal family)    Magical characteristics  Wand Willow; unknown length and core    Affiliation  House Slytherin[6]   Loyalty Malfoy familyGreengrass familyHogwarts School of Witchcraft and WizardrySlytherin   [Source]   Scorpius Hyperion Malfoy (b. c. 2006) was a British pure-blood[1] wizard and the only child and son of Draco and Astoria Malfoy (née Greengrass).[7] He attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry from 2017 and onwards and was sorted into Slytherin House. He was a classmate of Rose Granger-Weasley and Albus Potter, and he made a strong bond with the latter. He, however, struggled with a mistaken belief held by many against him that he was secretly the son of Lord Voldemort and not Draco Malfoy.  Scorpius was born circa 2006 to Draco Malfoy and Astoria Greengrass. He was raised in Malfoy Manor and was said to have inherited his father's and grandfather's looks; blonde hair, grey eyes, and a pale pointed face. In contrast to his parents and grandparents, Scorpius was not raised with traditional pure-blood beliefs that taught him to regard Muggles and non-pure-blood wizards as inferior, so he was much more tolerant of them and was a kinder person in general when compared to his father.  Childhood for Scorpius was one of isolation within Malfoy Manor. He had no interactions with children of his age before he began attending at Hogwarts. Scorpius read the Malfoy collection of books, and became knowledgeable about the wizarding world, the Second Wizarding War and Harry Potter, through reading these books.  Scorpius with his parents before boarding the Hogwarts Express In 2017, Scorpius was accompanied by his parents to King's Cross Station to go to his first year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Others in his year included Albus Potter and Rose Granger-Weasley; Rose was discouraged by her father from becoming "too friendly" with Scorpius and was encouraged to beat him in every test.[4]  Scorpius sat in an empty compartment on the Hogwarts Express until he was later joined by Albus and Rose. He awkwardly introduced himself and said he had sweets they can share. Rose decided to leave but Albus stayed, joking that he only did for the sweets. They shared the sweets along with stories on their journey to Hogwarts, beginning their friendship.  Scorpius was sorted into Slytherin and sat next
to Albus at the Start-of-Term Feast. He had a hard time at Hogwarts since his fellow students made jokes about his parentage while they also mocked Albus for being a Potter in Slytherin. Regardless, he and Albus became great friends and Scorpius encouraged him to ignore what the students were saying about them. He also developed a crush on Rose but she did not return his feelings.  Shortly before his third year at Hogwarts, in the summer of 2019, Scorpius lost his mother to an illness which left him and his father grief-stricken and heart-broken. Meeting Albus on Platform 9¾, he asked his friend to come to the funeral.  Scorpius with his best friend Albus Potter Before going to school for his fourth year, Albus told his father that he was having a hard time at school. Harry was hurt by learning this and thought Scorpius was the reason why, requesting Albus end his friendship with him, but Albus refused to give up his best friend.  On the Hogwarts Express, when Albus told him about his meeting with Amos Diggory and the discovery of a Time-Turner, they made a plan to retrieve the Time-Turner and travel back in time to save Cedric Diggory. They tried to jump from the train by climbing up to the roof through a window only to find the trolley witch, who tried to stop them from leaving the moving train. They later managed to find Delphi, who had agreed to help Albus.  Albus, Scorpius, and Delphini disguised by use of Polyjuice They travelled to St Oswald's Home for Old Witches and Wizards where he met Amos Diggory and Delphi. They agreed to a plan and with Delphi's help, Albus, Scorpius, and Delphi used Polyjuice Potion to disguise themselves as Ron, Harry, and Hermione respectively and sneaked into the Ministry of Magic. Scorpius, as Harry, helped to solve a series of puzzles from Hermione's bookcase where they finally discovered and stole the Time-Turner.  Leaving Delphi behind, Albus and Scorpius used the Time-Turner to travel to the Triwizard Tournament's first task where they dressed up as Durmstrang students and intervened with Cedric's part by making him lose his wand. After five minutes, they returned to the present.  Albus and Scorpius discovered that they had created an alternate reality where Cedric still died, and Hermione and Ron never got together meaning Rose no longer existed. In this reality, Harry tells Albus he will have to end his friendship with Scorpius and that he will be keeping an eye on him to ensure he does.  Albus and Scorpius in the alternate timeline They returned to normal school life where Albus and Scorpius did not speak anymore. Eventually, Delphi turned up at Hogwarts and made Albus and Scorpius reconcile. They decided to put their mistake right and hoped that by intervening with the second task, they would properly save Cedric.  They succeeded and returned to the present only to find that they had created another alternate reality in which Cedric survived and became a
Death Eater. Cedric killed Neville Longbottom, who had been crucial to Voldemort's defeat who won instead. Harry Potter died meaning Albus did not exist anymore either, leaving Scorpius alone to try and right their mistake.   In the alternate timeline, Draco was the head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, Dolores Umbridge was the Headmistress of Hogwarts, and Scorpius was known as the "Scorpion King".  With the help of resistance fighters Severus Snape, Ron, and Hermione, Scorpius later managed to change time again by time-travelling to the past and using a Shield Charm to stop his other self intervening. He restored the original timeline along with Albus and Rose back into existence.  Scorpius and Albus returned to the present through the Great Lake, where they were found by their parents. With the approval of Harry, they were allowed to keep their friendship. They tell their parents that they lost the Time-Turner although Scorpius later admitted to Albus that he had had it the whole time. They decided to destroy it. Up in the Owlry Scorpius finds out that Albus invited Delphi to help.  When they met her, Scorpius noticed that Delphi had an Augurey tattoo, which reminded him of a witch in the alternate reality where Voldemort won. He realised that she was raised by the Rowles, who were well known Death Eaters. Delphi then revealed that she was never actually planning to destroy the Time-Turner, and that she hoped to revive Lord Voldemort. She snapped their wands and killed Craig Bowker Jnr who was sent to find them, before she made Albus and Scorpius travel back in time with her to the third task of the Triwizard Tournament.  Albus and Scorpius, knowing the Time-Turner only kept them in the past for five minutes, tried to stall Delphi and ended up meeting Cedric Diggory in the maze. Cedric helped Albus and Scorpius and retrieved the Time-Turner, believing it to be part of the tournament. As he left, Albus and Scorpius told him that his father Amos loved him. However, Delphi managed to get the Time-Turner back and went back in time to 30 October 1981, the day before James and Lily Potter died. Delphi then destroyed the Time-Turner and left, abandoning Albus and Scorpius.  Scorpius reunited with his father Believing Delphi hoped to murder Harry herself so the spell wouldn't rebound on Voldemort, Albus and Scorpius went to Godric's Hollow and saw James and Lily alive with their baby Harry. To warn everyone in the future what is happening, Albus and Scorpius used Harry's blanket to send a message through time. Harry, Ron, Ginny, and Draco deciphered the message and used a more advanced Time-Turner to travel back to 1981 and join their children.  Ginny realised Delphi only meant to stop Voldemort going into the house and murdering the Potters, so his downfall never happened. Harry transfigured himself to look like Voldemort and planned to apprehend Delphi. Delphi pleaded with Voldemort, actually Harry, to accept her. However, the Transfiguration spell faded, and Delphi and
Harry duelled. Scorpius and the others joined Harry and finally stopped Delphi. They then returned to the present.  After their traumatic experiences with the time-turner, Albus and Scorpius returned to normal life and Scorpius asked Rose to be his friend, and she turned him down, but Scorpius was excited because she had pity in her eyes and not hate, saying it "was a foundation for a palace of harmony". Albus asked if she’s who he wanted in his palace and they had a brief moment of acknowledging their feelings for each other. Rose told them that it was only going to be weird if they let it be weird and Scorpius gave Albus a big hug before going off to watch Slytherin play Hufflepuff at Quidditch.  Scorpius inherited his father Draco's physical traits, meaning that he likely had blond hair, grey eyes, and a pale pointed face. He was also noted for looking almost the same as his father did at age eleven. He was said to resemble Draco as much as Albus Potter resembled Harry Potter.[5]  Scorpius was shown to be a brave, intelligent, and understanding individual. However, despite his traits, he was shown to be incredibly lonely and insecure, who suffered from slight depression throughout his childhood and eventual years at Hogwarts. Scorpius was noted to be extremely kind, according to Albus.  Scorpius was known to have a personality that Albus and himself describe as "nerdy" and "geeky", and was known to be something of a loner. A consummate social outcast, Scorpius relied on his romantic and amorous personality to lighten his burdens in life. A particular trait of his was his long-standing romantic interest in Rose Granger-Weasley, his best friend's cousin and unreachable goal. Scorpius was rather persistent when he wanted something and vaguely shows his ambitious side in the fact that no other girl has ever caught his eye before, potentially referencing another part of his identity he, himself had yet to figure out. His overall neutral want to restore Rose's existence to the timeline shows that his interest in her was apparently more than just a simple schoolboy crush to the audience and can be implied that he actually loves her. However, this desperation to restore a timeline was sidelined by the overwhelming relationship between Scorpius and Albus as well as the confirmation from Snape that Scorpius was generally "giving up his kingdom" by restoring the timelines all for Albus.[8]  Living in a timeline without Albus being his friend was shown to be more unbearable and saddening for Scorpius than living in a timeline without Rose's existence altogether.[9]  Scorpius was also known to be prone to feelings of jealousy. His jealousy was shown from when Scorpius once observed Albus showing interest in a girl, Delphi. In an alternate timeline when Albus was ordered by his father to stay away from Scorpius, Delphi admitted that in the letters Albus wrote to her so she could feel Scorpius's absence from his life. Scorpius retorted that it seemed like he had found another shoulder
to cry on and inquired how many owls they had sent to one another. Through his backhanded comment, this jealousy can be inferred, but it was unknown what these complicated feelings really meant.  In another alternate timeline where Albus was never born and Voldemort ruled, Scorpius was apparently more of a bully, as he allegedly forced Craig Bowker Jnr to do his homework for him. The Scorpius who inadvertently made this timeline shift was rather surprised and shocked at this revelation.  His wand Scorpius had a close relationship with both his parents. He loved his mother very much, and was very grief-stricken by her death. He believed she saw the best in him and his father. His relationship with his father was slightly different, but he loved and admired him very much, believing he could depend on him to save him. He confided in his father who he relied on for comfort following his mother's death and had his approval for his friendship with Albus. Astoria and Draco raised Scorpius with the love and affection they did not have when they were children, and cared for him and his wellbeing. Unlike Draco himself, they did not spoil Scorpius, nor teach him their families' historical prejudice against Muggles. Indeed, when Scorpius and Albus were facing punishment for using the Time-Turner that caused a catastrophic change in reality (that he managed to reverse), Draco was prepared to accept any punishment that Professor McGonagall was about to hand down to the students.  Scorpius with his best friend Albus Scorpius became friends with Albus Potter when they met on the Hogwarts Express during their first journey to Hogwarts, even though Albus was the son of Harry Potter, the former archrival of Scorpius's father. They awkwardly introduced themselves and shared a compartment, sharing sweets and stories. They were later placed in Slytherin together and became close during their first few years at Hogwarts even though they were made fun of by other students. Albus became isolated because of the jokes being made about him which led Harry to believe that Scorpius was the one influencing him instead. He told Albus to end his friendship with Scorpius which he refused to do.  In their fourth year, Scorpius decided to help Albus change the past by time-travelling to 1994 and trying to save Cedric Diggory. In one alternate reality, they did not speak to each other for a few weeks when Harry told Albus to end their friendship again, which immensely upset Scorpius. Regardless, the two later made up and took another trip in time. Scorpius was upset when he found out they had created another alternate reality where Albus no longer existed, and resolved to put time right again.   Scorpius and Albus at Hogwarts He was later happily reunited with Albus where which he hugged him while submerged in water. On their next trip in time, he helps him and Harry duel Delphi. They later returned to normal school life, with the approval of Harry to be friends again.  Scorpius was
apparently romantically interested in Rose Granger-Weasley, complimenting her by saying she smelled of something nice, "like a mixture of fresh flowers and fresh bread".[15] After helping to restore Rose's existence in the current timeline, he attempted to hug her after she called him "Bread-head", but was welcomed with a kick to the shin. Near the end of his fourth year, Scorpius asked Rose out, however, he was rejected. Interestingly, at the very last moment, Rose passed Scorpius and Albus on the stairs. She told him, "This is only going to be weird if you let it be weird", to which he responded "Received and totally understood". She called him "Scorpion King" and walked off with a smile on her face.[16] It is unknown what this means.


Albus Severus Potter   Biographical information  Born Between 1 September 2005 and 31 August 2006[1]   Blood status Half-blood[2]   Marital status Single   Nationality English   Also known as Al (by Harry Potter)Slytherin Squib[3] (by Karl Jenkins)Ronald Weasley (under disguise of Polyjuice Potion)    Physical information  Species Human[4]   Gender Male[4]   Hair colour Jet-black   Eye colour Bright green   Skin colour Light    Relationship information  Family members Harry Potter (father)Ginevra Potter (née Weasley) (mother)James Potter II (older brother)Lily L. Potter (younger sister)William Weasley (maternal uncle)Charles Weasley (maternal uncle)Percy Weasley (maternal uncle)Fred Weasley (maternal uncle) †George Weasley (maternal uncle)Ronald Weasley (maternal uncle)Fleur Weasley (née Delacour) (maternal aunt by marriage)Audrey Weasley (maternal aunt by marriage)Angelina Johnson (maternal aunt by marriage)Hermione Granger (maternal aunt by marriage)Padma Patil (maternal aunt by marriage in alternate timeline)Victoire Weasley (maternal first cousin)Dominique Weasley (maternal first cousin)Louis Weasley (maternal first cousin)Molly Weasley II (maternal first cousin)Lucy Weasley (maternal first cousin)Fred Weasley II (maternal first cousin)Roxanne Weasley (maternal first cousin)Rose Granger-Weasley (maternal first cousin)Hugo Granger-Weasley (maternal first cousin)Panju Weasley (maternal first cousin in alternate timeline)James Potter I (paternal grandfather) †Lily J. Potter (née Evans) (paternal grandmother) †Arthur Weasley (maternal grandfather)Molly Weasley (née Prewett) (maternal grandmother)Linfred of Stinchcombe[5] (paternal ancestor) †Ignotus Peverell[5] (paternal ancestor) †Paternal ancestor[5] †Hardwin Potter (paternal ancestor) †Iolanthe Peverell (paternal ancestor) †Ralston Potter (possible paternal relative) †Charlus Potter (possible paternal relative) †Possible paternal relative †Potter family (paternal family)Weasley family (maternal family)    Magical characteristics  Wand Unknown length, Cherry and core    Affiliation  House Slytherin[3]   Loyalty Potter familyWeasley familyHogwarts School of Witchcraft and WizardrySlytherinGryffindor (Alternate timeline)   [Source]   Albus Severus Potter (b. c. 2006) was an English half-blood[2] wizard, the second son of Harry and Ginevra Potter (née Weasley) and the godson of Neville Longbottom. He was born two years after his older brother James Sirius and two years before his younger sister Lily Luna.   Albus was named in memory of Albus Dumbledore and Severus Snape, two former headmasters of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and both great wizards that his father knew.   In 2017, Albus began his education at Hogwarts with Rose Granger-Weasley and Scorpius Malfoy and was sorted into Slytherin House. Albus quickly struck up a friendship with Scorpius, one which in time would grow to become very deep. He struggled with his father's legacy and the pressure that was heaped upon him by others.  Albus Severus Potter was born in or around the year 2006,[1] and was the second child of Harry Potter and Ginny Potter.[4] He was named in honour of Albus Dumbledore and Severus Snape. His godfather was Neville Longbottom.[6]  Albus attends the 2014 Quidditch World Cup with his family In 2014, Albus, aged roughly eight, attended the finals of the 427th Quidditch World Cup with his family.[6] He and his older brother James were introduced to Bulgarian Seeker Viktor Krum by their father.[7] At the final game,
Albus wore green clothes in support of Brazil, while the rest of his family, with the exception of his mother (who was in the journalists' enclosure), sported Bulgarian red. According to his mother, this was due to him being a great fan of Brazilian Chaser Gonçalo Flores.[6]  He almost toppled out of the VIP box cheering when Flores scored the first goal of the game, but his uncle Ron grabbed the back of his robes and saved him. James laughed, causing Daily Prophet correspondent Rita Skeeter, who was covering the match live with Ginny Potter, to suggest that he may have pushed Albus.[6] However, Harry was largely unconcerned by Albus's near fall, and simply handed him one of Luna Lovegood's treats to get him to calm down and be distracted.[6]  Albus was seen applauding after Bulgaria won the tournament. Rita Skeeter reported that this was due to his "publicity-hungry" father's prompting. This provoked Ginny Potter, who was sitting near Skeeter in the journalists' enclosure, to hex her mid-sentence.[6]  On 1 September, 2017, Albus left for his first year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry along with his brother, his cousin Rose Granger-Weasley, and Scorpius Malfoy. His older brother, James, had been at Hogwarts for two years already and was starting his third year. James has a habit of telling Albus untrue stories regarding Hogwarts, as a form of playful teasing between the two.  Albus at Platform 9¾ with his family Before boarding the Hogwarts Express, Albus confided to his father that he feared he might be Sorted into Slytherin. In response, his father told him that the bravest man he ever knew — Severus Snape, after whom Albus was named — had been a Slytherin student, making Slytherins not as bad as Albus believed. Harry also told Albus that if he preferred Gryffindor, then the Sorting Hat would take this choice into account, as it did for him.[4] This was the first time he told any of his children that. As the train pulled out of the station, he was seen waving goodbye to his father.  While on board, Albus and Rose wandered around the train looking for a compartment to sit in. Rose reminded Albus that their parents met on the train, so finding the right compartment to sit in was very important as they too could meet their lifelong friends here. Opening the door to one compartment, Albus and Rose found Scorpius Malfoy sitting alone and introduced themselves to him. Rose left to look for another compartment, yet Albus decided to stay and accompany Scorpius. The two kids struck up a friendship, sharing stories and sweets on the journey to Hogwarts.  After arriving at Hogwarts, Albus and his fellow students attended the Sorting ceremony. The Sorting Hat placed Rose in Gryffindor and both Scorpius and Albus in Slytherin, to the surprise of many. Unfortunately, the other students mocked Albus for being a Potter in Slytherin. As he discovered in his first year, Albus did not have a natural gift for magic and struggled
in classes such as Potions. During his first flying lesson, Albus failed to demonstrate his flying skills and was subsequently nicknamed the "Slytherin Squib".  Throughout the following three years of school, Albus continued to suffer the burden of his father's legacy and struggled to live up to others' expectations as the son of Harry Potter. While Albus endured teasing and only had Scorpius as a friend, Rose had a better time at Hogwarts, becoming very popular and a Chaser for the Gryffindor Quidditch team in her second year.  Albus standing away from the other members of his family on the platform Albus told Harry he wanted to be alone on the platform before going to school in his second year because of the hard time he was having at school. Harry was hurt by this and thought Scorpius was the reason why, requesting Albus end his friendship with him, yet Albus refused to give up his best friend.  Again on the platform, but this time for his third year, Albus burned the permit given by his father, stating that he had no wish to go to Hogsmeade. Leaving his angry father behind, he left to find Scorpius only to discover that his friend's mother had died during the summer and promised to come to the funeral.  The next summer, Albus overheard a private conversation between his father and Amos Diggory. Diggory had shown up at Albus's home with his caretaker and supposed niece Delphi. Having heard a rumour that the Ministry of Magic had obtained an illegal Time-Turner created by Theodore Nott, Amos urged Albus's father to use it to go back in time and save Cedric Diggory. Harry denied that the Ministry had the Time-Turner and refused the idea, rightfully saying he couldn't meddle with time. While eavesdropping on the conversation, Albus and Delphi met for the first time. Delphi invited Albus to visit her and Amos at St Oswald's Home for Old Witches and Wizards, where she worked.  Harry giving Albus his baby blanket, something he holds in great sentiment The day before Albus returned to school for his fourth year, Harry spoke to Albus alone in his bedroom with the hope of trying to get him to change his behaviour. Harry gave Albus the blanket he was first wrapped in when he was brought to the Dursleys. However, Albus did not take to the gift too kindly and tried to make his father understand how he feels at school. However, it led to Albus saying that he sometimes wished he wasn't Harry's son since the family name was not helping him at school. Harry then said he sometimes wished Albus wasn't his son either, making Albus very hurt. Harry regretted saying it, but the damage was done.  Albus and Scorpius attempting to escape the Hogwarts Express The next day, Albus was still very hurt by his father's words as he boarded the Hogwarts Express for his fourth year at Hogwarts. On the train, Rose tried to befriend him again since they had grown
apart since they started Hogwarts. However, when she admitted her parents asked her to do so, Albus told her that he wants nothing to do with her. However, as they spoke, Rose confirmed that, despite Harry's words, the Ministry had indeed acquired a Time-Turner during a raid.  Albus, determined to right his father's wrong and save Cedric, convinced Scorpius to leave the train alongside with him and find the Time-Turner instead of going to Hogwarts. Climbing up through the window, Albus and Scorpius encountered the trolley witch, who attempted to prevent them from leaving the moving train. However, the two escaped and jumped off.  Albus, Scorpius, and Delphini disguised by use of Polyjuice Albus and Scorpius travelled to St Oswald's Home for Old Witches and Wizards and met Delphi and Amos there, who agreed to their plan. With Delphi's help, Albus, Scorpius, and Delphi used Polyjuice Potion to disguise themselves as Ron, Harry, and Hermione respectively and sneaked into the Ministry of Magic. Albus, as Ron, convinced Hermione to go elsewhere while they searched her office for the Time-Turner. Solving a series of puzzles from Hermione's bookcase, they finally discovered and stole the Time-Turner.  While Delphi stayed behind because her older age would draw unwanted attention, Albus and Scorpius used the Time-Turner and travelled back in time to the first task of the Triwizard Tournament. Albus and Scorpius disguised themselves as Durmstrang students in the crowd, As Cedric attempted to perform the task, Albus disarmed him and prevented him from winning, thus saving his life. After five minutes, Albus and Scorpius returned to the present with Albus's arm ending up injured.  Harry visiting Albus in the hospital wing Harry, Ron, and Ginny, who were desperately searching for Albus and Scorpius, found them in the Forbidden Forest returned from the past. When Albus woke up healed in the Hogwarts Hospital Wing, he realised to his dismay he had created an alternate timeline. In this timeline, Cedric was still dead, Albus was sorted into Gryffindor, and Rose did not exist anymore, as Ron had married Padma instead of Hermione. Harry demanded that Albus end his friendship with Scorpius, stating he would be watched closely from now on.  When Albus returned to school life, he begrudgingly tried to avoid Scorpius. In classes, they realised Hermione was now the mean Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher. Finally, Delphi turned up at Hogwarts and got Albus and Scorpius to reconcile. The three then decided to put their mistake right and travel to the second task hoping that making Cedric lose more points would properly save him.  After succeeding and returning to the present, Scorpius realised they had created an alternate timeline where Cedric had survived and become a Death Eater. As a Death Eater, Cedric had killed Neville Longbottom, who had been crucial to Voldemort's defeat. With the help of resistance fighters Severus Snape, Ron, and Hermione, Scorpius changed time again and restored the original timeline and Albus back into existence.  Albus and Scorpius met Delphi at the Owlery, where
they planned to destroy the Time-Turner. Scorpius spotted Delphi's Augurey tattoo, which reminded him of the Augurey symbol in the alternate timeline with Voldemort. When Delphi then mentioned her guardian was Euphemia Rowle, Scorpius realised the Rowles were a notorious Death Eater family and grew suspicious of Delphi. Her cover blown, Delphi revealed that she planned to use the Time-Turner and save Voldemort. Delphi broke their wands and killed Craig Bowker Jnr, who had unfortunately encountered them. Delphi forced the helpless Albus and Scorpius to travel in time with her to the third task and restore the alternate timeline where Voldemort had lived.  Albus and Scorpius, knowing the Time-Turner only keeps them in the past for five minutes, tried to stall Delphi and ended up meeting Cedric Diggory in the maze. Cedric freed Albus and Scorpius and helped them get the Time-Turner back, believing it to be an obstacle for the tournament. As he left, Albus and Scorpius told him that his father Amos loved him. However, Delphi managed to get the Time-Turner back and went back in time further to 30 October 1981, the day before Albus's grandparents James and Lily Potter were murdered. Delphi then destroyed the Time-Turner and left, abandoning Albus and Scorpius.  Thinking Delphi wanted to kill Harry herself so the spell didn't rebound on Voldemort, Albus and Scorpius went to Godric's Hollow and saw James and Lily alive with their baby Harry. To warn everyone in the future what is happening, Albus and Scorpius used Harry's blanket to send a message through time. Harry, Ron, Ginny, and Draco deciphered the message and used a more advanced Time-Turner to travel back to 1981 and join their children.  Albus coming to his father's aid as the latter duels Delphini Ginny realised Delphi only meant to stop Voldemort going into the house and killing the Potters, so his downfall never happened. Harry transfigured himself to look like Voldemort and planned to apprehend Delphi. Delphi pleaded with Voldemort, actually Harry, to accept her, revealing she was the daughter of Voldemort and Bellatrix Lestrange. However, the Transfiguration spell faded and Delphi and Harry duelled. Albus and the others joined Harry and finally stopped Delphi. Harry decided to stay and watch his parents die for closure. Albus stayed alongside his father and held his hand as they watched. Afterwards, they all returned to the present, where Delphi was sent to Azkaban.  After the traumatic ordeal, Albus and Scorpius returned to normal life. Scorpius asked Rose to be his friend. She turned him down and after interrupting a private moment between Albus and Scorpius, in which she told them their relationship was only going to be weird if they let it be weird, she went off to watch the important quidditch match. Together, Albus and his father took time to visit Cedric's grave on a beautiful hill, Albus opening up to Harry sharing with him that Scorpius is, and may always be, the most important person in his life and Harry stating that he likes that and likes Scorpius. They
began to repair their strained relationship.  Albus Potter was close to the appearance of his father, Harry Potter. He had his father's jet black hair which was described to be untidy and never sit flat. Albus had a thin face and a short stature, however, in this adolescence he grew to the same rate as his father did and thereby hinting he would grow to the same height as his father.  Albus was the only child of the Potter family to inherit his paternal grandmother, Lily, and father's, Harry; almond-shaped bright green eyes. Albus had been described as being an attractive and handsome young man. However, very similar to his father, he was ignorant of this fact. Albus's robes were hand-me-downs from his older brother James, making Albus quite uncomfortable and he was prone to playing with his clothes.  Albus was a quiet, kind, and thoughtful young boy, unlike his older brother who was more brazen. He seemed to have inherited aspects of his father's personality. He inherited Harry's irrational and childish fear of being sorted into the Slytherin House. This was exhibited by Harry during his own sorting in 1991 and possibly due to possessing some Slytherin qualities like his father. Ultimately, Albus was, in fact, sorted into Slytherin. He also inherited the paternal line of general curiosity, showing an interest in his father's fame and past.  Albus hugging his father right before boarding the Hogwarts Express for his first year of school It seems that, out of his siblings, Albus had the closest relationship with his father. Even so, Albus struggled "with the weight of a family legacy he never wanted".[8] During his time at Hogwarts, Albus was bullied by his peers for being different from his father, something that was already a great fear of his and he became emotionally shut off from most people. He never responded to nasty comments about him, only remaining quiet and keeping to himself.  Albus also demonstrated a rather dry sense of humour, often responding to comments with sarcasm and jokes. This was particularly apparent when he was with Scorpius. When trying to get a message to Harry in the future from 1981, Scorpius suggested shouting "HELP" at baby Harry. He then remarked that "it might traumatise the baby slightly" to which Albus replied, "Only slightly." When joking that the two may become trapped in time for the next forty years and would have to hide in a hole, Albus joked with his friend that he'd "choose someone massive and really good at magic" to hide with rather than him. Albus did seem to be able to work quickly under pressure, forming plans and ideas, even if they were slightly odd. He quickly determined that the way to contact his father from the past was to use his baby blanket, which Harry had given him as a gift and formulated a plan that even Scorpius agreed was brilliant.  He was shown to have a temper very similar to his father's and would become mocking and insulting when
pushed. He could be cold to people he loved out of anger, especially his father and his cousin Rose. When Rose attempted to apologise to Albus for shutting him out at school he brushed her off by noting that she was only speaking to him because his mother had asked her to and told her to "leave him alone". Despite his suffering he remained a good friend to Scorpius, who Albus said was his only friend, and was kind and compassionate towards him. Even so, Albus had the ability to be quite self-centred even with Scorpius, often complaining about his life whilst forgetting about his friend's problems.  Albus appeared to have a need to prove himself and distance himself from his father's shadow. He refused to stand beside him on Platform 9¾ and even burned his permission slip to Hogsmeade in front of him. He went to great lengths to reverse the death of Cedric Diggory, who he believed died because of Harry. However, Albus proved to be more like Harry than he knew. Delphi claimed that his weakness was exactly the same as his father's — friendship — rather than her original suspicion of pride and the "need to impress" him. Albus is proud, like his father, but the events of the play are inspired by his desire for Harry to love him. By saving Cedric–a boy whose father, to Albus's observation, did love him very much–Albus is really trying to save himself. Albus became greatly distressed at Delphi murdering his fellow student, Craig, and torturing Scorpius and was willing to sacrifice his own life to save the world from her, much like his father had done 22 years previously.  Albus failed to display any natural gift for magic in his youth, struggling to master even the most basic charms. During his first year flying lessons, Albus was the only one who failed to make his broom rise. Still, he was able to perform simple spells. However, Delphini stated that she sensed greatness and true talent in him, telling him that he was probably just a late bloomer.[9] It appeared that his struggle with mastering magic stemmed from a psychological block. He had skill and talent, but the pressure of being Harry Potter's son and the observation that went along with that, psyched him out and resulted in poor performances.    Albus with his siblings and parents Albus had a very close relationship with his parents. When he felt insecure about attending Hogwarts for the first time and worried he would be in Slytherin, his father and mother reassured him when his uncle Ron jokingly threatened to disinherit his cousin Rose if she wasn't sorted into Gryffindor House.  Albus liked to stay with his father and he looked up to him for advice and comfort. He also confided to Harry things he would to no one else, such as how very real his fear of being in Slytherin was. When saying goodbye, he hugged him and appeared to be holding his arm "extremely tight"; he also
waved to him as the train glided away from the station. Albus's relationship with Harry became increasingly strained as his education at Hogwarts progressed. He didn't want to be seen with his father or even speak to him at times. When Harry presented Albus with the blanket in which he was wrapped in on his journey to the Dursley's, Albus lashed out at him in frustration and told him that he wished Harry wasn't his father. Harry responded by saying that sometimes he wished Albus wasn't his son, something that he regretted immediately.  Harry showing affections towards Albus The two continued to have a cold relationship, despite Harry's attempts to reconcile with him, until they finally sat down and talked. When Albus returned from his first trip through time, while unconscious he mumbled "dad" in his sleep. This showed a subconscious need for his father. Also despite the difficulty in their relationship Albus forcibly told Scorpius to write "dad" on the blanket instead of Harry.  Albus even risked his own life in order to save his father from Delphi, clearly demonstrating that he loves his father dearly. This dedication is returned when Harry jumps in front of his son when a Killing Curse is aimed at Albus. Harry is later found after the battle to be furious with Delphi for even attempting to murder his son. Harry insisted that he wanted to be a better father, and Albus wanting to be a better son. Albus also stays by his father's side as he watches the murder of his grandparents at the hands of Lord Voldemort, they embraced each other. While visiting the grave of Cedric Diggory Albus and Harry once again embrace and "melt together".  It is claimed by Albus, that despite their relationship as father and son that they are both complicated people and have trouble connecting with others. Delphini also commented that Albus shows a need to impress his father, possibly stemming from the fact that he wants Harry to see him.  Albus's relationship with his mother, Ginny didn't change during his rift with Harry and the two remained very close. Upon her arrival in Godric's Hollow Albus immediately rushed to her side, relieved to see her. Ginny also comforted Albus when he realised that Delphini tricked him and Scorpius. She also protected him from Delphini when she wanted to harm her family and friends.   Albus's older brother, James seemed to enjoy teasing him. Though the boys were close in age, James had a more outgoing personality, while Albus was quiet and seemed to be more like his younger sister. James was willing to move into Albus's room if Teddy moved in; however, Harry thought such an act would be a disaster, saying that James and Albus "(would) share a room only when (he) want(ed) the house demolished". This might imply that James and Albus frequently argued with one another - more than what is seen at King's Cross in 2017, anyway.  Albus and Harry comfort each other while witnessing the murders of
James and Lily Albus was able to see his paternal grandparents, James and Lily Potter, when he was taken back to October 1981 by Delphi. Albus was in awe of the fact that he was seeing his grandparents and referred to them as "grandad and grandma". He seemed so amazed to see them that he didn't realise that he was moving towards them and had to be pulled back by Scorpius who told him that it would damage time if they were to see him. Albus remarked that his grandmother was strong enough to know what was going to happen to her and her son, but was immediately shut down by his friend who insisted that she had to think that her son was going to die in order for Lord Voldemort to be destroyed. Albus pointed out Lily when she was wrapping baby Harry in his blanket, remembering the blanket as the one his father has given to him and saying that his father would like to know "the love in which she put it on him".  When Albus witnessed his grandparents' murder whilst standing beside his parents, he was clearly distraught, but took his father, Harry's hand in reassurance, stayed by his side and told Harry that James had done everything he could to protect his wife and child.  Later, during a walk with Albus's father, Harry, he said that he thinks that he and his siblings would have liked their grandparents very much.  Albus and his cousin, Rose, are close in age and in the same year at Hogwarts. Just like Lily and Hugo, they seem to be quite close and shared worry over where they would be Sorted. When Rose arrived at King's Cross Station to head off to her and Albus's first year, Albus was "immensely relieved" to see her and Rose beamed at him. The two had a fraught relationship once Albus had become friends with Scorpius Malfoy, who Rose didn't like due to the rumours surrounding him about his parentage. When Rose attempted to apologise to Albus, he cut her off and told her to leave him alone because he knew she was only attempting to be kind because her mother had asked her to. However, the two seemed to be on better terms at the end of October and possibly became much closer.  Neville Longbottom was Albus Potter's godfather.[6]  Albus had a close relationship with his father's godson Teddy Lupin. He and his siblings liked the idea that he would make a great addition to the family if he married their cousin Victoire Weasley.  Albus initially had a friendship with and also developed a crush on Delphini, until he found out she was Voldemort's daughter. After learning of Delphi's true nature, he was disgusted by having a crush on her and a friendship with her, even telling his mother that she drew him in with her charms. Later, Albus in revenge wanted to kill Delphi for the cold-blooded murder of Craig, although he was stopped by his father,
who told Albus that he could never kill her anyway due to the goodness he had in his heart, which she lacked.  Scorpius Malfoy, his best friend The son of Draco Malfoy, the former arch-rival of Albus's father, Scorpius was a fellow Slytherin and the best friend of Al.  Albus first met Scorpius on Platform 9¾ when they were about to board the Hogwarts Express for the first time but were not formally introduced until Albus sat in the same compartment as him with his cousin Rose. While Albus took an immediate liking to Scorpius who offered the pair sweets, Rose did not and tried to warn her cousin by subtlety hitting him and mentioning the rumour surrounding Scorpius's parentage. Scorpius, disheartened by Rose's coldness, told them simply that the rumours weren't true and that he was indeed a Malfoy and would rather be that than "the son of the Dark Lord". When Rose insisted that she and Albus move compartments, Albus refused. Scorpius thanked him for staying and Albus retorted jokingly that he'd only stayed for his sweets. Scorpius then asked if Albus preferred to be known as Albus or simply Al, which his family had grown to call him. Albus stated that he preferred his full name and the pair's friendship began.  During the sorting ceremony both Albus and Scorpius were sorted into Slytherin house and while Albus was unsure of his sorting he gained a small amount of confidence when Scorpius happily told him he could come and stand next to him. The two remained close during their first few years at Hogwarts but were clearly unpopular with their fellow students, Scorpius being ostracised for the rumours about him and Albus for his lack of resemblance to his family and difficulty with his magic. When at their flying lessons Albus was unable to make his broom move whereas Scorpius was and the two, who were partnered during Potions, exploded their cauldron.  Albus's relationship with his father and cousin were strained because of his struggles but his friendship with Scorpius continued. The two possibly saw themselves in each other, both being outcasts and children of famous fathers who they had difficulty living up to. Albus, excited to see his best friend again, was saddened when he learnt of the death of Scorpius's mother, Astoria, and concerned when he didn't owl him about it. Scorpius, clearly heartbroken by his loss, told Albus that he "couldn't work out what to say" and that he wanted Albus to attend the funeral with him. Albus immediately agreed and promised to be a good friend to him. A year later and after a conversation with his cousin Rose, who informed him of a Time Turner being discovered at the home of Theodore Nott by Harry, Albus rushed to find Scorpius and tell him of it. He trusted and cared for Scorpius enough to reveal his plan to use the device to go back and save Cedric Diggory, who he believed died because of his father after overhearing an argument between Harry
and Cedric's father Amos. Though thoroughly shocked by this plan and convinced that his friend had lost his mind.  Albus with his best friend, Scorpius Malfoy Scorpius followed him out of a window on the Hogwarts Express and onto the roof of the moving train, showing incredibly trust and loyalty on Scorpius's part. The pair planned to jump from the train and into the water before hiking to St Oswald's Home for Old Witches and Wizards by using a Cushioning Charm. However they were followed onto the roof by the trains Trolley witch, who insisted calmly that they return back inside. Clearly shocked by her sudden appearance, the pair were unprepared for her to attack and Albus jumped from the train into the water. Scorpius pinched his nose and jumped in after his friend.  Scorpius was shown many times to be jealous and unhappy with Albus's closeness to Delphi, possibly out of fear of losing his only friend or being unwilling to share him. When he saw the two practising spells before planning to go back in time he over-enthusiastically tried to join in the fun and was clearly not enjoying their "double act". Still, he was always there for Albus (and by association, Delphi) and willing to help and assist him throughout his plan. When the pair, along with Delphi, Polyjuiced into Harry (Scorpius), Ron (Albus) and Hermione (Delphi), Scorpius had fun pretending to discipline Albus by telling him to go straight to his bedroom which Albus laughed off. He teased Albus about his distraction techniques with his aunt but was concerned when he heard of Albus and Harry's argument prior to the start of term. After returning from the past, Albus severely injured his arm and Scorpius was incredibly worried for his friend.   Scorpius (Polyjuiced as Harry Potter) and Albus (as Ron Weasley) during their attempt to steal the Time Turner The two don't see each other again until Albus left the hospital wing with his father, who told him that he was not to see his best friend again unless he wanted to experience the repercussions. Albus, devastated at his fathers ultimatum, told Scorpius that they could no longer be friends leaving both boys thoroughly heartbroken. Being separated from his best and only friend only made Albus more depressed and resentful towards his father. When Delphi spoke with Albus on the staircase at Hogwarts, Scorpius was jealous and hurt that Albus was owling her but still refusing to speak with him. Delphi also remarked that he and Albus were "made for each other" and Scorpius set off to find him.  In the library, Scorpius found Albus and confronted him about what they had done and refused to let Albus ignore him. When Albus mentioned his father and asked why he was no different Scorpius snapped, calling him a "terrible friend". At these words Albus had realised what he had done to his friend and immediately apologised to him offering the chance to talk about Scorpius's late mother, telling him how much he missed him
when they were apart and that he makes him stronger. Scorpius offered his hand to Albus but Albus pulled him into a tight hug and continued their friendship.  When Albus became non-existent in an alternate universe, Scorpius missed his best friend desperately and the thought of him was what allowed him to escape the Dementors that were closing in on him. When Albus returned, unaware of what had happened, Scorpius was overjoyed to the point of almost dragging him underwater trying to hug him in the lake. After being captured by Delphi, both boys agreed that they'd rather die than let her succeed with her plan to bring about the return of Lord Voldemort despite both being tortured with the Cruciatus Curse. Albus was horrified watching his best friend be tortured and begged Delphi to stop, demonstrating just how much he truly cares for him.  Albus with his best friend Scorpius Though under immense pressure both Albus and Scorpius are shown to work incredibly well together even if they have the occasional disagreement. This was shown when the two boys deduced what Delphi was planning to do in 1981 and how they concocted a plan to contact Albus's father via his baby blanket. While Albus is the more impulsive of the two Scorpius is more level-headed, such as when Albus wanted to see his grandparents and argued that they could handle knowing what was going to happen to them. Whereas Scorpius, who pulled him back, called him the "worst spoiler in the world" because Lily needed to think that Harry was going to die.  After Delphi is apprehended, the pair (and their family's) return to their own time where their relationship looked set to become even stronger than before. It's possible that they sat down and talked about all of the things that they said they would in the library, giving each other a new insight into the others lives. Back at Hogwarts, looking and sounding marginally happier than they ever had previously at the school, they talk about Scorpius asking Rose out and Albus jokes that Scorpius is an "utter fantasist" after he talks about their "eventual marriage". The two then part with another hug, grinning at each other and promising to see each other at dinner.


At least some content in this article is derived from information featured in: Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery & Harry Potter: Magic Awakened.As such, spoilers will be present within the article.          Narcissa Malfoy (née Black)   Biographical information  Born 1955Great Britain[1]   Blood status Pure-blood[2]   Marital status Married[3]   Nationality British[3]   Also known as Cissy (by Bellatrix Lestrange[4] and Kreacher)[5]    Physical information  Species Human[3]   Gender Female[3]   Hair colour Blonde[6][7]   Eye colour Blue[8]   Skin colour Pale[7][9]    Relationship information  Family members Cygnus Black III (father) †Druella Black (née Rosier) (mother)Bellatrix Lestrange (née Black) (older sister) †Andromeda Tonks (née Black) (older sister)Lucius Malfoy (husband)Draco Malfoy (son)Abraxas Malfoy (father-in-law) †Rodolphus Lestrange (brother-in-law)Edward Tonks (brother-in-law) †Nymphadora Lupin (née Tonks) (niece) †Delphini (niece)Walburga Black (paternal aunt/paternal second cousin once removed-in-law) †Alphard Black (paternal uncle) †Orion Black (paternal uncle by marriage/paternal second cousin once removed) †Sirius Black (paternal first cousin/paternal third cousin) †Regulus Black II (paternal first cousin/paternal third cousin) †Pollux Black (paternal grandfather) †Irma Black (née Crabbe) (paternal grandmother)Astoria Malfoy (née Greengrass) (daughter-in-law) †Scorpius Malfoy (grandson)House of BlackRosier family (maternal family)Crabbe family (paternal relatives)Malfoy family (in-laws/descendants)   Romances Lucius Malfoy (husband)[3][4]    Magical characteristics  Wand Unknown length, wood and core[10]Unknown length, wood and core[11]    Affiliation  House Slytherin[12]   Loyalty House of Black[13][14][15]Rosier familyHogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry[12]Slytherin[12]Malfoy family[4]Death Eaters (indirectly, formerly)[15]   [Source]   Narcissa "Cissy" Malfoy (née Black) (b. 1955) was a British pure-blood[2] witch and a member of the noble House of Black. She was the youngest daughter of Cygnus and Druella Black and the younger sister of Bellatrix Lestrange and Andromeda Tonks. She married Lucius Malfoy and they had a son: Draco Malfoy.   Although never officially a Death Eater herself, Narcissa believed in the importance of blood purity and supported her husband in following Lord Voldemort during the First and Second Wizarding Wars.[16] This changed, however, when her husband was incarcerated in Azkaban and her son's life was put in jeopardy by Voldemort.   Narcissa took necessary measures to protect her family, including lying to Voldemort about Harry Potter being dead during the Battle of Hogwarts, an act which saved the Malfoys from serving time in Azkaban following the Dark Lord's defeat.[16]  Narcissa survived the final battle of the Second Wizarding War and later had a grandson, Scorpius Hyperion Malfoy, through her son's marriage to Astoria Greengrass. However, Narcissa was not too fond of Astoria for her stance on blood tolerance, believing her to be somewhat of a disappointment to the Malfoy lineage.  A young Narcissa (left) with her older sisters, Bellatrix and Andromeda Narcissa Black was the youngest daughter of Cygnus and Druella Black (née Rosier), born in 1955 in the aristocratic House of Black. She had two older sisters, Bellatrix and Andromeda.[17] Narcissa was taught the philosophy of blood purity from a young age and
grew up prejudiced in favour of pure-bloods.[13] Thus, like her sister Bellatrix, she cut off contact with her sister Andromeda after she was disowned and burned off the Black family tree for marrying Muggle-born wizard Ted Tonks.[15]  Narcissa was educated at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry from c. 1966-1973. Sorted into Slytherin House, she met her future husband, Lucius Malfoy, whilst at Hogwarts.[12] It is possible that Narcissa met Severus Snape and other future Death Eaters at Hogwarts, thanks in no small part to Lucius, who has been friends with them ever since.  It is also likely that she was aware of the wanderings of the Marauders, the same group to which her first cousin, Sirius Black, belonged, although due to her lack of esteem for him, in part because she considered him a "blood traitor" in her family, it is almost certain that she interacted little or not at all with him, just like her older sister.  Narcissa married Lucius Malfoy, who was just as wealthy and pure-blood inclined as the Black family Narcissa descended from, between 1972 and September 1979.[18] Together, they lived a life of privilege and luxury at Malfoy Manor, located in the southern English county of Wiltshire.[15] Her husband introduced Narcissa to the lifestyle of the Death Eaters, though she never became a Death Eater herself. The couple had one son, named Draco Lucius. In naming Draco, Narcissa continued her family tradition of naming children after stars and constellations, like her sisters (Bellatrix and Andromeda).  Narcissa's relatives: Bellatrix, Rodolphus, and Rabastan Lestrange before the Council of Magical Law Narcissa's cousin Regulus Black was killed in the First Wizarding War, while her other cousin Sirius and sister Bellatrix were both sentenced to Azkaban after Voldemort's fall in 1981.[13] Lucius was able to avoid a similar fate by falsely claiming that he had been under the effects of the Imperius Curse,[19][20] and the Malfoys remained members of the social elite, enjoying close relationships with Ministry of Magic officials such as Minister for Magic Cornelius Fudge[20][21] and Senior Undersecretary to the Minister of Magic Dolores Umbridge.[22] In privacy, however, they regretted the downfall of Voldemort as they saw the purification of the wizarding race to have failed completely, regrets that they told their son not to reveal, lest it would bring their family trouble.  Narcissa and her grandeur appearance during this time When the time came for Draco Malfoy to begin school in 1991, Lucius Malfoy wanted him to attend Durmstrang Institute, which only admitted pure-blood and half-blood students and taught the Dark Arts, which closely mirrored the Malfoy family beliefs. Narcissa, however, insisted that Draco attend Hogwarts instead so he would be closer to home, as Durmstrang was located in northern Europe and Hogwarts was in Britain, where they lived.[23] She was very devoted to Draco, sending him sweets and cakes by owl every day during his first year at Hogwarts.[24][25]  Narcissa attended the 1994 Quidditch World Cup in August 1994 with her husband and son, watching the game from Fudge's luxury
box.[3] It is possible that Narcissa, along with her husband and his fellow Death Eaters, participated in the torture of the Muggle Roberts family at the Quidditch World Cup Campsite during the Death Eater riot which occurred after the match had ended.[26]  Narcissa and Draco after their fall from grace and Lucius' imprisonment In 1996, her sister and brother-in-law escaped Azkaban. That same year, Lucius participated in the Battle of the Department of Mysteries in an attempt to acquire a prophecy for Lord Voldemort, who had returned to power the previous year.[27] Narcissa provided Voldemort with the information he needed to get Harry there after she gained it from Kreacher the House Elf, who gave it to her both because she was a Black by birth and because she treated the attention starved house elf more kindly than her cousin Sirius Black, the elf's current master, did.[14]  The effort was thwarted by six D.A. members and members of the Order of the Phoenix.[27] Voldemort was furious with Lucius, who had led the effort, both for failing to obtain the prophecy and for the consequences of that night,[4] which included the Dark Lord's return being formally recognised by the Ministry of Magic[28] and many of his Death Eaters being sent to Azkaban, including Lucius himself.[29]  Though her sister Bellatrix managed to escape imprisonment, Narcissa was distraught over her husband's incarceration, as well as Voldemort's subsequent treatment of her family. That summer, she ventured to Severus Snape's home at Spinner's End, accompanied by Bellatrix, to discuss Voldemort's orders for Draco to murder Hogwarts Headmaster Albus Dumbledore.[4]  Bellatrix creating an Unbreakable Vow between Narcissa and Severus in order to protect Draco Narcissa was hysterical and theorised that Draco was being sent on a suicide mission to punish Lucius for his numerous failures. Despite the pleading of her sister to the contrary, Narcissa brushed off Bellatrix scoffing when Narcissa claimed that "the Dark Lord [was] mistaken," and begged Severus to make an Unbreakable Vow, which ensured that he would watch over Draco during his efforts. She also made him vow to execute the plan himself, should Draco fail to do so.[4]  Later that month, Narcissa went shopping for school supplies with Draco at Madam Malkin's Robes for All Occasions, where she had a heated confrontation with Harry Potter and his friends. He taunted her about Lucius's imprisonment, and she responded by coldly alluding to the recent death of his godfather, after which she haughtily departed with her son to Twilfitt and Tattings, as she did not wish to shop at Madam Malkin's anymore.[30]  Throughout the school year, Draco enacted a series of unsuccessful attempts to kill Dumbledore, which eventually resulted in the Battle of the Astronomy Tower and Snape's fulfilment of his vow to Narcissa.[31]  Lucius, Narcissa, and her sister Bellatrix talking to Lord Voldemort during the Meeting at Malfoy Manor By 1997, Malfoy Manor was being used as a headquarters for Voldemort. A meeting of Lord Voldemort's inner circle was held there, and the murder of Charity Burbage
took place in the drawing room. The Malfoys were extremely uncomfortable with the arrangements, despite their claims that nothing would please them more than to host the Dark Lord. After Lord Voldemort asked for a borrowed wand, Narcissa touched her husband's hand, when he showed fear at the sign of giving away his only weapon and means of defence, resulting in her husband into agreeing to give his wand to Voldemort; it was soon broken in the Battle of the Seven Potters.[15]  Voldemort was still displeased with the Malfoys for Lucius's earlier failures and delighted in humiliating them by taunting their relation to werewolf Remus Lupin through Narcissa's niece, Nymphadora Tonks.[15]  Narcissa with her son, Draco fighting off Harry Potter and Ron Weasley When Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, and Hermione Granger were caught by a group of Snatchers led by Greyback, they were brought to Malfoy Manor. Narcissa acted coldly and disdainfully towards Scabior but let them in, where she called on her son to identify the prisoners and recognised Hermione from their encounter a year earlier in Madam Malkin's Robes for All Occasions.[10]  Narcissa clashed with her sister over who had authority in her home, and therefore over the prisoners held in her cellar: Harry, Ron, Dean Thomas, Griphook, Garrick Ollivander, and Luna Lovegood, the latter two of which had been held there for some time. All the prisoners escaped: Dean, Luna and Ollivander Disapparating with Dobby, while Harry and Ron went to save Hermione from Narcissa's sister, Bellatrix, who had used the Cruciatus Curse to brutally torture her with. Later, in the brief duel that followed, Narcissa was shocked to see her family's former house-elf, Dobby, openly defying them. He was eventually murdered by Bellatrix as the group escaped the manor.[10]  Narcissa is present and horrified when Voldemort murders goblins After Harry and his friends escaped to Shell Cottage, Lord Voldemort severely punished the Malfoy family, but did not act as harsh on Bellatrix.[32] By the time of the Battle of Hogwarts, Narcissa had given her son, Draco, her wand to use in lieu of his own stolen wand, leaving both herself and her husband without their original wands, although the two later obtained second wands by the time of the battle.[33] She was also present when Lord Voldemort interrogated and murdered goblins in a fit of anger after learning of Harry Potter's Gringotts break-in and theft of one of his Horcruxes.[34][11]  Towards the beginning of the battle, Draco lost his mother's wand in the Room of Requirement, leaving it to be incinerated by Vincent Crabbe's Fiendfyre.[33]  Narcissa checking if Harry is dead on Voldemort's orders During the final phase of the Battle of Hogwarts, Voldemort attempted to kill Harry Potter in the Forbidden Forest using the Killing Curse. Voldemort demanded that someone check to see if Harry was, in fact, dead, a deed no one wanted to perform. Perhaps seeing an opportunity to discover her son's current condition, Narcissa volunteered. Seeing that Harry was still alive, she used the opportunity to covertly ask
Harry if he knew of Draco's well-being. In a whisper, she asked if Draco was alive. When Harry replied quietly that he was, Narcissa betrayed the Dark Lord and asserted that Harry was dead, which she most likely would not have done had Harry responded "no". However, at that moment she was willing to risk it all for her family. She knew the only way her family would be reunited was as part of Voldemort's conquering army, thus proving she loved her family more than she supported Voldemort, who by that point, witnessing the horrors he had brought upon her and her family, most likely wished death.[35]  Harry Potter's final defeat of Lord Voldemort and the end of the Second Wizarding War When the battle recommenced, Narcissa and Lucius abandoned the Death Eaters and searched frantically for Draco. The family was present for Bellatrix's death at the hands of Molly Weasley and for Harry Potter's final defeat of Lord Voldemort, thus ending the Second Wizarding War. After the battle, the family was reunited in the Great Hall, where they seemed uncomfortable with their predicament, but did not leave.[35]  However, as Narcissa betrayed Voldemort and left him, the entire Malfoy family was granted a reprieve and avoided incarceration in Azkaban.[16] Narcissa would eventually become a grandmother to Scorpius Malfoy, the son of Draco and his wife Astoria Greengrass.  A middle aged Narcissa Narcissa Malfoy was described to be the height of Harry Potter, slim, "nice looking", and very pale, with blue eyes, long blonde hair, and a clear, cold voice. She had thin white fingers.[30][6][7][8][3] Her hair colouring thus differed from most of the House of Black, who generally had dark hair, though Narcissa did possess the arrogant good looks that were a common characteristic of her family. Despite her physical differences to her sisters, Bellatrix and Andromeda, Harry Potter did describe her as resembling Bellatrix somewhat, though Narcissa was as fair as Bellatrix was dark.  Narcissa's beauty was somewhat marred by her donning an expression that suggested that she was sniffing dung whenever she was in the company of those she considered her inferiors.[3] Harry Potter once insulted her son Draco by asking if she only had this expression when Draco was with her.[25]  Narcissa was a very proud woman who frequently displayed a haughty and disdainful attitude, looking down upon others as she believed strongly in the importance of blood purity and valued her family's wealth.[3][30] She was prejudiced towards Muggle-borns, other non-pure-bloods such as Fenrir Greyback,[10] and so-called "blood traitors".[30] For example, she once rudely exclaimed to the owner of Madam Malkin's that she would rather shop at Twilfitt and Tatting's instead since Madam Malkin's served "scum" such as Harry Potter, Hermione Granger, and Ron Weasley.[30] Despite her beliefs and her family's close ties to Lord Voldemort and the Death Eaters, Narcissa never joined the organisation herself, nor received the Dark Mark.   While she treated most people coldly,[30] Narcissa was very loving towards her family as well as devoted to them.[4] She was
willing to do whatever it took to keep her son safe when he was put in danger during the Second Wizarding War, from begging Severus Snape to take an Unbreakable Vow to help him[4] to lying to Voldemort himself.[35] She cared deeply about her husband and son and displayed a fierce and protective temper on their behalf, as well as a ruthless determination to keep them safe.[4][35] She went as far as to risk her life for Draco's sake, by saying to Voldemort that Harry was dead, when had Harry responded with a negative response, she most likely would've told the truth, to keep herself safe. Her devotion to her son was such that she insisted on his attending Hogwarts instead of Durmstrang, despite the latter's reputation for blood purity amongst its students, solely for the sake of keeping him closer to home.[23]  Narcissa had a close relationship with her oldest sister Bellatrix despite their differing temperaments and personality traits.[4] Narcissa always despised the Blacks, but had great respect for those who did. The ones who dared to defy their family's beliefs, such as her older sister Andromeda and cousin Sirius Black, leading her to ignore and disown them.[15]  Narcissa and Draco duelling Harry and Ron at Malfoy Manor Narcissa's first wand Lucius Malfoy, her husband and father of her son Narcissa and her husband, Lucius Malfoy, were shown to have an affectionate and loving relationship.[4][15] He gave in to her wishes when she wanted their son to attend Hogwarts, rather than Durmstrang.[23] Lucius also allowed his wife to continue the Black Family naming custom of stars and constellations through their son, showing obvious respect for her family and deference to herself. Narcissa and Lucius both enjoyed being members of the social elite, and loved and spoiled their only child. Unlike Bellatrix, who did not hold love for her husband, Narcissa truly loved Lucius.[4]  Narcissa was very upset when he was briefly imprisoned in Azkaban and became defensive when others mentioned his failures.[4] In 1997, when Lord Voldemort took over their home and demanded that Lucius give him his wand, Lucius looked to his wife in disapproval, and only when she touched his wrist did he turn it over.[15]  Draco Malfoy, her son Narcissa adored her only child, Draco, and was very protective of him.[4][30][35] She insisted he not attend the Durmstrang Institute because it was so far from home,[23] and frequently sent him sweet and cake packages while during his first year at Hogwarts.[24][25]  Narcissa was terrified to the point of hysteria when Draco was ordered by Lord Voldemort to kill Albus Dumbledore. Narcissa suspected that Voldemort meant him to fail as punishment for her husband's failure in the Battle of the Department of Mysteries. To help him, Narcissa went to Severus Snape and begged for his assistance, whereupon she asked of him to make the Unbreakable Vow in which he promised to take over Draco's task if he failed.[4] Later on in the war, she tried to shelter Draco as much as possible. During the
Battle of Hogwarts, Narcissa lied to the Dark Lord about Harry Potter's death so she and Lucius would be able to search for Draco in the castle.[35] Draco, in turn, held his mother in great esteem, and became extremely angry if anyone insulted her.[25][30]  Narcissa and her husband Lucius did not think highly of her, as she raised their grandson Scorpius to have a more tolerant view on Muggles (and likely Muggle-borns, half-bloods, Squibs or even non-human magical creatures).  Because of this, family gatherings were often fraught with tension. It is likely they see Astoria as a blood traitor because of this. Her relationship with Scorpius is unknown.  Bellatrix Lestrange, her elder sister Narcissa appeared to have a fairly affectionate and close relationship with her older sister Bellatrix. The two fondly called each other by their nicknames of "Cissy" and "Bella". Bellatrix accompanied Narcissa to see Snape at Spinner's End, in spite of her distrust for Severus Snape and belief that they should not discuss the task Voldemort assigned in secret.[4]  Narcissa was also one of the only people who was able to question Bellatrix's authority without unleashing Bellatrix's anger.[4][10] The two sometimes clashed over Draco, as Narcissa was concerned about his welfare, while Bellatrix coldly stated her belief that he was doing his duty by serving Voldemort and that Narcissa should be proud.[4]  It is not known whether Narcissa knew about Bellatrix's daughter from Voldemort, but Delphini was born at the Malfoy Manor. If Narcissa did know, then it is possible that she continued to keep this a secret for many years to come to protect not only her niece but also her own family from any public reaction to the idea that the Dark Lord had a child and this child was born at the Malfoys' home.  Narcissa's relationship with her other late cousin, Regulus Black, Sirius's younger brother, is unknown, though judging by Regulus's inclination towards the pure-blood supremacist ideals of the Blacks, which led him to follow Lord Voldemort and become one of his Death Eaters, the same circle to which her husband belonged, it is likely that she and he had a good relationship and maintained contact, or at least held him in higher esteem than Sirius, who earned his family's repudiation for his rejection of their ideals. It is unknown whether she knew of her cousin's betrayal to the Dark Lord in an attempt to keep the life of his house elf, Kreacher, safe, but if so, it is likely that she regretted the event, rather than being outraged at the lack of loyalty to Voldemort that Regulus may have expressed to him at the end. The confidences between Kreacher, Regulus' house elf, with her and Bellatrix, could also be an indicator of the good relationship she may have had with his late master, beyond a simple response to the good treatment he may have received from the two of them, which led him to betray Sirius, in revenge for the mistreatment he had dealt with on his part, and
was instrumental in his death.  Narcissa did not hold her late cousin Sirius Black or her older sister, Andromeda Tonks, in high regard, presumably because they were both "blood traitors" who were disowned by the Black family. Bellatrix claimed that she and Narcissa had not seen Andromeda since she married Muggle-born wizard Ted Tonks, which would have occurred in the early 1970s.[15] Narcissa also mercilessly threw Sirius's death in Harry Potter's face when he taunted her about Lucius's imprisonment in 1996.[30] For his part, Sirius held his cousin in contempt for her prejudiced beliefs.[13] Since Narcissa broke all ties with her sister Andromeda, she most likely didn't care either for her niece, Nymphadora Tonks, and didn't consider her to be a part of the family.  Harry Potter, whom she saved from Lord Voldemort Harry held Narcissa in contempt due to his rivalry with her son and hatred of her husband.[25][30] In the same respect, Narcissa held Harry and his friends in disdain and contempt: especially Hermione Granger, as she was Muggle-born, and Ron Weasley, as he was a blood traitor. Narcissa also held Harry in contempt for being Dumbledore's favourite student and associating with those whom she considered to be inferior.[30] It is also possible that her dislike of Harry was motivated in part by her likely image of Harry's late father, James Potter, who was a known abuser during his time at Hogwarts, directing much of his abuse towards Severus Snape, a long-time friend of the Malfoy family.  When Voldemort "killed" Harry in the Forbidden Forest, she asked him whether Draco was still alive, as she knew that the only way she and Lucius could search for Draco inside Hogwarts would be as part of Voldemort's victorious army. Though she disliked Harry, she placed her family's welfare over Voldemort's goals. On confirming Draco's very much alive status, she plainly lied that Harry Potter was "dead". This action of hers was both very crucial and important, not only for Harry's survival but for Voldemort's final defeat as well, thus ensuring Harry was again protected by a mother's love, although indirectly.[35] Since Draco had made peace with Harry after this, Narcissa probably just chose to leave Harry in peace.  Severus Snape Like Draco, Narcissa held Severus Snape in high esteem and trusted him due to him being an old friend of Lucius's since time at Hogwarts. Unlike her son, she continued to invest her faith in him despite Lucius's imprisonment and Bellatrix Lestrange, her older sister, voicing doubts about him. When Draco was made a Death Eater and ordered to kill Albus Dumbledore as his first mission by Voldemort, Narcissa saw this suicide mission for what it was and went to Snape, who also knew Draco was being set up to fail, for help and got him to make an Unbreakable Vow to watch over Draco and take over if it seemed he would fail.[4]  How she reacted to Snape being a double agent is unknown but it can be assumed she was sympathetic since she and Lucius
had ceased to be loyal to Voldemort for similar reasons and the fact that he was the one who convinced Voldemort to free her husband from Azkaban and was the only Death Eater who continued to treat Lucius with respect after his loss of favour, something even her older sister didn't do.  Kreacher Like most of the Blacks except Sirius, Narcissa was held in high esteem by Kreacher the House Elf. She in turn treated the attention starved house elf more kindly than her cousin did. This enabled her to learn about Harry's love for Sirius Black. Thus she was able to provide intel to Voldemort that led to the Battle of the Department of Mysteries.[14] That battle caused many tragedies for Harry and the Malfoys: It led to the death of Sirius Black and Lucius's imprisonment and further loss of favour, which in turn led to Voldemort making Draco a Death Eater. It is unknown how Narcissa reacted to Kreacher accepting Harry as his master, if she ever learned of it, but she was probably sympathetic due to the fact she and her family, like her cousin Regulus Black, regretted being loyal to Voldemort.  Unlike many others of the House of Black, Narcissa does not appear to be named after a star or constellation.  Narcissa as a LEGO minifigure Narcissa Malfoy on Pottermore Concept art of Narcissa Malfoy illustrated by Andrew Williamson Avery II · Alecto Carrow · Amycus Carrow · Crabbe · Bartemius Crouch Junior † · Antonin Dolohov · Gibbon † · Goyle · Gareth Greengrass's brother · Jugson · Barnaby Lee's father · Barnaby Lee's mother · Bellatrix Lestrange † · Rabastan Lestrange · Rodolphus Lestrange · Walden Macnair · Mulciber I · Mulciber II · Nott · Pyrites (possibly) · Augustus Rookwood · Rosier · Evan Rosier † · Thorfinn Rowle · Selwyn · Merula Snyde's father · Merula Snyde's mother · Travers · Wilkes † · Corban Yaxley · Unidentified Death Eaters  Regulus Black † · Igor Karkaroff † · Draco Malfoy · Lucius Malfoy · Peter Pettigrew † · Severus Snape †  Borgin · Vincent Crabbe · John Dawlish · Delphini · Golgomath · Gregory Goyle · Fenrir Greyback · Mafalda Hopkirk · Narcissa Malfoy (defected) · Ismelda Murk (unofficially, supposedly) · Nagini · Mr Padgett · Mrs Padgett · Pansy Parkinson · Quirinus Quirrell · Albert Runcorn · Stanley Shunpike (Imperiused) · Scabior · Serpent of Slytherin · Pius Thicknesse (Imperiused) · Dolores Umbridge  British Ministry of Magic (under Voldemort's control) · Daily Prophet (under Voldemort's control) · Dementors · Draco Malfoy's gang · Kreacher (formerly) · Tom Riddle's gang · Gang of Slytherins · Giants (Golgomath's control) · Inferi · Charmed skeletons · Muggle-Born Registration Commission · Theodore Nott (possibly) · Snatchers · Werewolf army · The Unforgivable  Abandoned nuclear power plant · Borgin and Burkes · British Ministry of Magic Headquarters (under Voldemort's control) · The Cave · Chamber of Secrets · Forbidden Forest · Gaunt Shack · Lee family house · Lestrange Vault ·
Little Hangleton graveyard · Malfoy Manor · Misty Dell · Riddle House · Snatcher Camp · Spinner's End (Severus Snape's house) · The Abandoned Substation · The Ruins · The Quarry


At least some content in this article is derived from information featured in: Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery & Harry Potter: Magic Awakened.As such, spoilers will be present within the article.          James Potter I   Biographical information  Born 27 March 1960[1]England, Great Britain[2]   Died 31 October 1981 (aged 21)Godric's Hollow, West Country, England, Great Britain[1]   Blood status Pure-blood[3][4]   Marital status Married   Nationality English   Also known as Prongs (by Marauders)[5]   Title(s) Chaser[6]Head Boy[7]    Physical information  Species Human[8]   Gender Male[8]   Hair colour Jet-black[9][10]   Eye colour Hazel[11]    Relationship information  Family members Fleamont Potter[12] (father) †Euphemia Potter[12] (mother) †Lily Potter (née Evans) (wife) †Harry Potter (son)Father-in-law †Mother-in-law †Petunia Dursley (née Evans) (sister-in-law) †Vernon Dursley (brother-in-law)Dudley Dursley (nephew by marriage)James Potter II (grandson)Albus Potter (grandson)Lily Potter (granddaughter)Henry Potter[12] (paternal grandfather) †Paternal grandmother †Linfred of Stinchcombe[12] (paternal ancestor) †Ignotus Peverell[1] (paternal ancestor) †Ignotus Peverell's son (paternal ancestor) †Hardwin Potter[12] (paternal ancestor) †Iolanthe Peverell[12] (paternal ancestor) †Ralston Potter (possible paternal relative) †Charlus Potter (possible paternal relative) †Possible paternal relative †Potter family (paternal family)Evans family (in-laws)   Romances Lily Potter (wife)[8] †    Magical characteristics  Animagus Stag (unregistered)[5]   Wand 11", Mahogany, unknown core[13]   Patronus Stag[14]    Affiliation  House Gryffindor[15]   Loyalty Potter familyHogwarts School of Witchcraft and WizardryGryffindorGryffindor Quidditch teamMarauders[5][16]Evans familyAlbus DumbledoreOrder of the Phoenix   [Source]   James Potter I (27 March 1960 - 31 October 1981),[1] also known as Prongs, was an English pure-blood[3][4] wizard and the only son of Fleamont and Euphemia Potter.[12] He was also the grandson of Henry Potter, whom he named his son after.[17] He attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry from 1971 to 1978 and was sorted into Gryffindor.    When James started at Hogwarts, he met and became best friends with three fellow Gryffindor students: Remus Lupin, Sirius Black, and Peter Pettigrew. He also met Severus Snape, a Slytherin student with whom he became bitter rivals. During his seventh year, James was appointed Head Boy and began dating Lily Evans.   After graduating from Hogwarts, he married Lily and together they had a son, Harry James Potter, of whom he made Sirius Black the godfather. James, Lily, and their friends all fought in the First Wizarding War as members of the Order of the Phoenix; he and his wife defied Lord Voldemort three times. However, James and Lily were forced to go into hiding after a prophecy was made concerning Voldemort and their infant son. James and Lily were ultimately betrayed to Voldemort by one of their close friends (Peter Pettigrew).    As a result of this, James was tragically murdered by Voldemort on Hallowe'en in 1981. He and his wife died while trying to protect infant Harry.   James briefly appeared again in May 1998 through the Resurrection Stone. He appeared through it along with
Lily (his wife), Sirius Black and Remus Lupin (his friends). After the Second Wizarding War, James posthumously had three grandchildren through his son: James Sirius, Albus Severus, and Lily Luna Potter, the first of whom was named after his grandfather and his father's godfather (and friend of the former).  James Potter was born on 27 March 1960 to Fleamont Potter and his wife Euphemia. Fleamont was an accomplished, yet retired cosmetic potioneer and entrepreneur best known for inventing Sleekeazy's Hair Potion in 1926. Both Fleamont and Euphemia were elderly even by wizarding standards.[12]  Having been conceived so late in his parents' lives, he was raised in a doting household with little material limits, and pampered a great deal. Hence, it was no surprise that he grew to be proud, arrogant, and boastful, but deep down still a good person.[18]  James after being Sorted into Gryffindor, sitting next to Lily Evans James started his first year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in the 1971–1972 school year and was sorted into Gryffindor House. While there, he befriended fellow Gryffindors Sirius Black, Remus Lupin, and Peter Pettigrew, and together they formed a small gang known only to themselves as the Marauders. Though more mischievous than diligent, James proved to be a clever student.   At some point during his education, he became Chaser for his House's Quidditch team, in which he was completely aware of his talent and often boasted to his fellow students. It is possible that he also collected Chocolate Frog Cards, as at an unknown time, the History of Magic teacher, Professor Cuthbert Binns, gave him the Circe card, which later came into the possession of Quirinus Quirrell, who kept it at Gringotts Wizarding Bank in Vault 998.[19]  At some time at school, he and Sirius used an illegal hex (perhaps Engorgio Skullus) on Bertram Aubrey which caused his head to grow twice its original size. It is unknown what motivated the duo to hex him, though it rewarded them a double detention.[20]  The Marauders in their Animagus forms As second years, James, Sirius, and Peter figured out that Remus was a werewolf, but rather than abandoning him (James, in particular, insisted this monthly hazard did not mean Remus was truly abnormal), they spent three years learning to become Animagi in order to accompany Remus in his transformations. In his fifth year, James managed to perfect the transformation and become a stag Animagus, which earned him the nickname "Prongs". Using their new nicknames, the four friends created the Marauder's Map, which displayed the Hogwarts Castle area and everyone within it —including all staff, ghosts and students — in their current location at a given time, and thus made sneaking out of the castle and avoiding teachers much easier.[5]  At some time during his school years, James took a photograph of Hogwarts Castle at sunset that he gave to Lupin.[21]  For the vast majority of his time at school, James was somewhat an obnoxious youth with a love of showing off and exceptional
self-confidence that bordered on arrogance. Severus Snape once said that he was so arrogant that "criticism simply bounced off him".[22] This rebellious attitude was notably shaped by the negative qualities he developed, such as the habit of ruffling his already messy hair to make it even untidier to look as though he had just alighted from his broomstick. He also enjoyed hexing Slytherin students, especially Severus Snape, merely for the fact that he could.   James being obnoxious and trying to get Lily Evans's attention James and Snape had a strong rivalry throughout their time at Hogwarts. To Remus and Sirius, the reason this rivalry began was due to Snape's jealousy over James's talent at Quidditch and his popularity, as well as Snape's interest in the Dark Arts, which James despised. However, it was later revealed that James and Sirius had got off on the wrong foot with Snape from the beginning: when they first met Snape during their first year on the Hogwarts Express, they insulted him (setting a solid foundation for rivalry), and their further interactions only served to make their rivalry intense and permanent — Snape followed the Marauders around, looking for reasons to get them expelled. James, in turn, used the hexes Snape himself had made up against him.[23]  At some point in their school years, Snape grew very interested in where Remus went every month, and saw Madam Pomfrey and Remus going to the Shrieking Shack using a secret passage under the Whomping Willow. Sirius had, as a joke, told him that the trick to getting past the Whomping Willow was to poke the knot at the bottom. Snape followed Sirius's directions, and was nearly at the Shrieking Shack when James pulled him back. At great risk to his own life, James saved Severus from certain death from Remus in werewolf form, but Snape adamantly refused to believe that his old rival would have done him a favour, believing that James had only saved him in order to avoid expulsion, and despised being in his debt.[24][5]  The Marauders bullying Snape in their fifth year James spent much of his academic career chasing after Lily Evans, an attractive Muggle-born fellow Gryffindor from Snape's hometown of Cokeworth who was secretly Snape's best friend and childhood crush since before they both started at Hogwarts. Lily was among those who were not so impressed of James, considering him arrogant and obnoxious.   She once demanded James to quit jinxing Snape for fun. The former and his friends were in the middle of bullying Snape with a spell of Snape's own invention. Lily told him to stop and James responded with, "I will if you'll go out with me, Evans." When James took the jinx off, Snape in his humiliation and anger, called Lily a "filthy little Mudblood". James demanded him to apologise, but Lily responded that James was as bad as Snape and she would not date him "even if it were a choice between him and the Giant Squid".[16] Snape's friendship with the vivacious and pretty
Lily may have sparked envy in James and further fuelled the hateful enmity between the two.[18]  The Marauders in their final years at Hogwarts At the age of sixteen, James's parents allowed Sirius to move in with them so he could escape his own horrible family, and Sirius soon became an unofficial member of their family. By the time he was at his seventh year, James had matured to the point that he lost the more mischievous aspects of his personality, and was even appointed Head Boy alongside Lily, despite the fact that he had not been a prefect. He stopped hexing bystanders for fun, though he still secretly hexed Snape, and in turn, Snape never lost an opportunity to hex him back, although it's implied that James was willing to stop for Lily's sake.[25] He also finally managed to impress Lily, and began dating her at this time.  In late 1977, Lily and James had a disastrous first meeting with Lily's sister Petunia Evans and her then-fiancé, Vernon Dursley, which presumably took place over Christmas break, as they were both still at Hogwarts. When Vernon tried to impress James with his car, the wizard in turn boasted of his own material wealth, and a row ensued. The evening ended with both Vernon and Petunia storming out of the restaurant and Lily bursting into tears, with James promising he'd apologise and make it up (which, due to his and Lily's untimely deaths, never happened). Petunia married by the end of that year. Though Lily and James were invited to the wedding, Petunia refused to have Lily as a bridesmaid, upsetting her deeply. At the reception, Vernon would not talk to James, but described him as "some magician" within his earshot.[26]  After graduation (at only eighteen years old) James married Lily Evans and Sirius served as their best man at the wedding. It was a quiet ceremony because of the dangers of the First Wizarding War. Lily's older sister Petunia did not attend, for she was highly against Lily being a witch and marrying a wizard. It is highly likely that Remus Lupin and Peter Pettigrew attended, as they were best friends of James. Both James's parents, Fleamont and Euphemia Potter attended the wedding.[27] It's unknown as to whether either of Lily's parents attended as well.  James and his wife as members of the original Order of the Phoenix James, Lily, and Sirius (along with Remus and Peter) joined the Order of the Phoenix, in the fight against Lord Voldemort and his Death Eaters. In around 1977[28], he and Sirius were involved in a motorbike chase with two Muggle policemen. Although the chase started off as a bit of fun, it turned slightly more serious when the pair were attacked by three men on broomsticks. Sirius and James used their wands to raise the police car that had been chasing them, and their attackers crashed into it.[29]  During the course of the next three years, James and Lily defied the Dark Lord three times as the war continued.
The first was when they refused to join Voldemort's side when he attempted to recruit them.[30]  At some point between 1979 and 1980, James's parents died of Dragon Pox, and he inherited the vast Potter family fortune from them, which enabled him to comfortably support his family without the need for a paying job. James also used his wealth to support Remus, who was unemployable due to his status as a werewolf.[31]  James with Lily and their infant son In the autumn of 1979, Lily became pregnant, which caused her and her husband to go into hiding.  On 31 July 1980, Lily gave birth to their son, Harry James Potter, but it was not long before Albus Dumbledore found out that they were in the gravest of dangers: Harry had become a target of Lord Voldemort himself due to a prophecy concerning the one who could ultimately defeat him for good. Voldemort had learned of the prophecy through his follower, who was none other than a bitter old enemy of James as well as the former best friend of Lily: Snape.[32]  In 1981, Dumbledore told the Potters that their best chance of remaining safe against Voldemort was the Fidelius Charm. James insisted on using Sirius as their Secret-Keeper, even though Dumbledore himself had offered to fill the position.[33] However, Sirius had a different plan — he convinced James and Lily to use Peter Pettigrew as their Secret-Keeper instead, with him (Sirius) as a decoy. They agreed and Dumbledore cast the charm in secret, but this attempt at a double-bluff ended in tragedy. The only people to know about the switch were James, Lily, Sirius, and Peter. Even Dumbledore and Remus were kept in the dark. Less than a week later, Peter betrayed the Potters to Voldemort.[34]  A deceased James after being murdered by Lord Voldemort When the Dark Lord arrived at Godric's Hollow on Hallowe'en in 1981, James told Lily to take Harry and run. After his wife and son were out of the room, he stood to face the most dangerous Dark wizard of all time on his own, in order to give his wife and child time to escape the cottage. However, James had made a fatal mistake; he had left his wand in the living room, where he had been entertaining his young son with it before Voldemort's arrival. Voldemort effortlessly murdered him with the Killing Curse — James "fell like a marionette whose strings were cut".[35]  Voldemort then proceeded upstairs to where Lily and the infant Harry were hiding. Voldemort murdered Lily, who died protecting Harry, but thanks to her loving sacrifice, the Killing Curse Voldemort cast at Harry rebounded and destroyed the Dark Lord's body leaving Harry with only a lightning-bolt scar. Thus, Harry became known as "the Boy Who Lived" and whose name would be famous.[8]  After James and Lily's deaths, their son was raised by Lily's unloving sister, Petunia Dursley, and her grumpy husband, Vernon, along with their gluttonous son, Dudley. Despite not remembering his parents, Harry held
them in high esteem. This faltered slightly where his father was concerned. He learned that James had been something of a bully in his youth, witnessing a memory of Snape's, in which James and Sirius picked on and humiliated Snape simply because they were bored.[16]  Snape, who switched sides after Lily's death and became Potions professor at Hogwarts, treated Harry with disdain throughout his academic career, perceiving him to be "arrogant as his father, a determined rule-breaker... attention-seeking and impertinent".[23] In revenge he frequently bullied and humiliated Harry.  James and Lily as seen by Harry in the Mirror of Erised In an attempt to stay hidden from Argus Filch, the school caretaker, Harry stumbled upon the classroom where the mirror was being stored. Upon looking into it, Harry saw his late parents, Lily and James Potter.[36] Over the next few days, Harry proceeded to visit it as often as he could to see his parents' faces. The Mirror also occupied his thoughts beyond anything else, to the extent that he disregarded Ron's warning that he was growing obsessed with it.   Harry only stopped visiting the mirror after Dumbledore found him one night. Dumbledore found Harry and explained what the mirror was all about. Dumbledore told him that the mirror was to be moved and requested that Harry not go looking for it. 1992 was the last time Harry saw his parents faces in the mirror. Later, at the end of Harry's first year, Rubeus Hagrid gave Harry a special photo album containing pictures of his parents.[37]  In his third year, whenever Harry encountered a Dementor, he was forced to relive his parents' deaths. The death he was particularly forced to relive was Lily's.[38][39] This could be due to Harry being in the same room as Lily when she died, while James was murdered in the hallway. Therefore, Harry did not witness nor hear James's death.  The echoes of James and Lily Potter after being awakened by Priori Incantatem In Harry's fourth year, Wormtail had placed Voldemort's rudimentary body into a cauldron containing the nearly finished potion. He added the first two ingredients: his hand and Harry's blood, as Voldemort believed it would make him stronger and make his enemy touchable. This was because he indirectly received Lily's sacrificial protection. However, this action also bound Harry's life to Voldemort again but inversely: Harry couldn't die as long as Voldemort still lived, which ironically meant he couldn't kill the boy.[40]  On 24 June 1995, during Harry's duel with Voldemort in the Little Hangleton graveyard, they experienced Priori Incantatem. Shades of his mother and father, and others whom Voldemort had murdered came out of Voldemort's wand, encouraging Harry and distracting Voldemort so the younger wizard could escape from the graveyard.[41]  In 1996, Harry also witnessed a memory of James viciously humiliating Snape back when they were Hogwarts students. James had suspended Snape in the air and went as far as taking Snape's trousers off in front of a large crowd of students. Harry was disgusted by James's
attitude, despite his own hatred of Snape.[16]  Harry temporarily bringing back his family and friends with the Resurrection Stone In 1998, Harry learned he was a Horcrux of Voldemort's, and walked toward his death in the Forbidden Forest. Upon entering, he used the Resurrection Stone to summon James and others who had perished in the war against Voldemort. James and Lily told Harry that they were tremendously proud of him, proud of his outstanding courage and strength, and assured him that they would stay with him until the very end. Harry described their very presence as his courage, the reason he was able to keep putting one foot in front of the other, with Lily smiling at him, and James nodding in encouragement.[42]  Harry eventually named his eldest child after his late father. James would gain two more grandchildren: Albus Severus and Lily Luna Potter.[43]  James before his death James was a tall, thin man with hazel eyes and untidy black hair that stuck up at the back.[11][10] During his Hogwarts years, he had an indefinable air of having been well cared for and even adored. As late as his fifth year, he started wearing glasses, though he had not in his first year.[16]  His son, Harry, was constantly noted to look very much like him, having the same untidy hair, thin face, mouth, eyebrows, and even hands. However, as observed by Harry in Snape's worst memory, James's nose was slightly longer than his son's,[16] though this could be Snape's negative perception towards him.  In his Animagus form, James was a tall and powerful red stag, large enough to subdue an adolescent werewolf alongside Sirius's bear-like black dog form.[5]  James' smile after causing mischief James was a clever and talented wizard, but very mischievous in his youth. He was arrogant and boastful. He occasionally bullied and jinxed other students just for fun, particularly his long-time rival, Severus Snape.[16] However, even in this stage of arrogance, he still displayed some redeeming qualities of character. Despite being a pure-blood, he strongly disagreed with the concept of blood purity. He was disgusted with any prejudice towards Muggle-borns and did not hold prejudice towards creatures like werewolves, and was shown to be very kind to Remus Lupin, his friend who was a werewolf.   This loyalty he felt towards Lupin would extend to his adulthood. Demonstrated, when he used his wealth to support the unemployable Remus. Additionally, even despite his bad relationship with Snape, James never wanted him actually dead or hurt in a traumatic way, and even risked his life to prevent Snape from being killed by Lupin in his wolf form, showing he may humiliate but even at his worst he would never stoop to the level of murder by inaction.[5] Snape would later point out that James was lazy.[44]  James ultimately matured and changed his ways as his school years went on; he lost some of his arrogance and stopped using his magic irresponsibly on others. He became enough of a responsible student and leader
to be Head Boy in his final year, and later a member of the original Order of the Phoenix. Though he never completely lost his rebellious side, it was clear James had left Hogwarts a far better person than he had been upon entering it.  His best quality was his willingness to sacrifice himself for his wife and son, as demonstrated when he told Lily to take Harry and run while he held off Voldemort, proving himself to be a true Gryffindor.[35]  James's stag Patronus and Animagus form Since James was once asked by Voldemort to join his Death Eaters, this was clear proof that James was a highly powerful and accomplished wizard. Remus once stated that James had been one of the cleverest Hogwarts students of his time.[5] He was able to conjure a corporeal stag Patronus,[14] a mark of superior magical ability.[45]  James Potter's wand The Marauder's Map James was born into a very wealthy pure-blood family. He had an excellent relationship with his parents, who loved him very much. His father was Sorted in Gryffindor and used to tell him about how the house prized bravery and boldness above all other qualities. James's parents were on the older side when he was born and died before he was murdered in 1981.[18]  Lily Evans, his wife and mother of his son James's relationship with Lily Evans was initially a rocky one. While James was a popular student and talented Quidditch player, well-liked by most, Lily was unimpressed with him. This had to do with James's hostile relationship with her best friend, Severus Snape and because of James's bad habit of hexing innocent students just for the fun of it.[16]  James had developed romantic feelings for Lily by his fifth year. He was always going out of his way to try to impress her, only to end up making a fool out of himself most of the time. She still regarded him as an arrogant bully, treating him with absolute disdain.[16] In their seventh year, however, Lily was finally willing to go out with James, after he smoothed out and stopped hexing people for the fun of it (though she was unaware he still hexed Snape).  The two were Head Boy and Head Girl at Hogwarts and married soon after graduation. James and Lily were both members of the Order of the Phoenix, and together defied Voldemort himself three times. Their son, Harry James Potter, was born on 31 July, 1980.  James with his infant son Harry Harry was born to James and Lily Potter on 31 July, 1980, they loved their son more than anything. On Hallowe'en night in 1981 they sacrificed themselves at 21 years old, in order to save him from Lord Voldemort, when he was just an infant.[35][23] Albus Dumbledore always maintained that Harry's love for his parents and the love they had in return for him, was his greatest power.[50]  Harry regarded his parents with great reverence, and fiercely defended their memories. In 1995, he punched Draco Malfoy
for insulting his mother,[51] and he frequently became furious with Professor Snape, who taunted Harry that James was not the great man others made him out to be.[24] Much to Harry's horror, Snape was proven right in the spring of 1996, when Harry accidentally witnessed James bullying Snape in one of his memories during Harry's Occlumency lessons (via Albus Dumbledore's Pensieve).[16] However, Remus Lupin and Sirius Black assured him that his father was no longer the bully that he once was. He matured and changed his ways, or he would never have become Head Boy and his mother would have never agreed to go out with him, let alone fall in love and marry him.  Harry Potter, his son and only child The few times Harry ever saw his parents were through pictures given to him by Rubeus Hagrid, a vision within the Mirror of Erised, spectral forms which came out of Voldemort's wand during Priori Incantatem, stored memories within the Pensieve, and again as spectral forms when he "recalled" them during the Battle of Hogwarts, by using the Resurrection Stone. His spirit was described as "exactly the same height as Harry. He was wearing the clothes in which he had died, and his hair was untidy and ruffled, and his glasses were a little lopsided, like Mr Weasley's, a loving smile on his face". Both James and Lily told their son that they were tremendously proud of him, for being so brave and strong despite all the pain and suffering he had to endure, and provided him with the support he needed to sacrifice himself to Voldemort. Harry later avenged his father when he killed Voldemort at the end of the Battle of Hogwarts.  It's also seen that James calls Harry by a name of affection, he has on different occasions referred to him as "son". Harry eventually named two of his children after his late parents and godfather, James Sirius and Lily Luna Potter.  James's first meeting with his brother-in-law Vernon Dursley went badly. Vernon asked James what car he drove, but James described his racing broom, thus Vernon started patronising him and finally offended James by supposing out loud that wizards had to live on unemployment benefit. Having heard from the wizard that he had a fortune in solid gold, he grew angry and stormed out of the restaurant, where they had met with their wives. After that Vernon refused to talk with James, but described him, within James's earshot, as "some kind of amateur magician".[26]  After Lily and James's deaths, Vernon and Petunia reluctantly adopted Harry due to the sacrificial protection that shielded Harry from Voldemort. However, the Dursleys spent the following ten years doing everything in their power to prevent Harry from learning about his magical heritage and abilities, such as lying about how Lily and James died by attributing their deaths to a car crash.[7]  The Marauders, his best friends While at Hogwarts, James became the very best of friends with Sirius Black, Remus Lupin, and Peter Pettigrew, and the group
called themselves "the Marauders". He met Sirius on the Hogwarts Express in their first year, and they seemed to bond quickly. In their second year, when the group discovered that Remus was a werewolf, they refused to ostracise him, as most would, instead learning to become Animagi in order to keep him company during his transformations.[5] James insisted that Remus was not abnormal because of his condition, and later used his wealth to support Remus when anti-werewolf legislation made it difficult for him to get a job.  The four friends enjoyed untold popularity while at school and particularly liked playing pranks together; they also invented the Marauder's Map and all joined the Order of the Phoenix, after graduating from Hogwarts. Although he was very close to all of his friends, James was probably closest to Sirius, whom he loved as a brother and who moved in with James and his parents after running away from home at age sixteen. James also chose Sirius as his best man at his wedding to Lily, as well as his son's godfather. When the Potters became Lord Voldemort's targets in 1981, James was adamant about Sirius being their Secret-Keeper, though he agreed to Sirius's plan to make Peter the Secret-Keeper instead, to throw off the enemy.   James's unshakeable trust in his friends would be his undoing, as Pettigrew betrayed him, his wife, and his son to Voldemort. This betrayal was something Sirius and Remus later attempted to kill him for. The only thing that stopped them was Harry, who thought that his father would not want his best friends to become killers just for a traitor. Dumbledore later assured Harry that his belief had been right, saying that he knew James very well, both at Hogwarts and later and he was perfectly sure that James would have saved Pettigrew as well.  The ending to the three Marauders who had stayed true to their friendship to the very end — James, Sirius, and Remus — was bittersweet: though they all lost their lives to the two wizarding wars, they died as heroes of the Order of the Phoenix, and in the case of James and Lupin, devoted fathers who had tried to give their sons a better world to live in. The three were likely reunited forever in the afterlife.    Severus Snape, his hated rival James met Severus Snape on the Hogwarts Express in their first year at Hogwarts, and the two immediately got off on the wrong foot. James scoffed at Snape's desire that he and Lily Evans would be Sorted into Slytherin house, while Snape sneered at James's hope that he would follow his father's footsteps and end up in Gryffindor. He and Sirius bestowed the mocking nickname of "Snivellus" on Snape at this first meeting.[23] This enmity would continue for the rest of their school years and (on Snape's part) well after James's death. According to Sirius, Snape envied James's popularity and Quidditch talents, and always tried to get him and his friends in trouble, while James
despised Snape's fascination with the Dark Arts. James also frequently bullied Severus Snape during his fifth year, the memories of which could be viewed in Snape's Pensieve.[16]  Later, it is revealed that James and Snape would regularly pass snide remarks and taunts towards each other. Although James disliked and bullied Snape, in the end, James never wanted Snape dead despite his distaste of him and risked his life to save Snape's when Sirius played a potentially lethal prank on him by sending him to the Shrieking Shack when Remus Lupin was there transforming. However, Snape despised being in James's debt and felt, even twenty years later, that James only saved him to avoid expulsion.[5]  Most of his dislike of James's son Harry was motivated by seeing his old rival in Harry, as well as a constant reminder that Lily had loved another man. Snape was also involved in James's death: Snape was the Death Eater who relayed the Prophecy that foretold the birth of the one who would defeat Snape's then-master Lord Voldemort.[32] When Voldemort was informed of this, he chose to get rid of James, his wife, and their son. Snape intervened by pleading for Lily's life, while ignoring the danger into which his actions put James and Harry.[23]  After Lily and James were killed, Snape reluctantly agreed to help Dumbledore protect Harry from Voldemort. However, Snape never forgot James's bullying or earlier arrogance, and constantly projected many of James's flaws unto Harry during their interactions as teacher and student. This was one of many factors that led to Harry hating Snape during this period, until Harry witnessed many of Snape's repressed memories and gained a better understanding of Snape's loyalties.[23]  Ironically, despite their mutual antipathy, James's second grandson was named after Snape years after both of their deaths.[43]  Albus Dumbledore, his former headmaster James always had a good relationship with Albus Dumbledore. Dumbledore was the Headmaster of Hogwarts at the time James attended the school. He became fond of James knowing that, despite his being an arrogant, highly mischievous trouble-maker, he was also a kind-hearted, good-natured person. James became a member of the Order of the Phoenix, an organisation founded by Dumbledore, during the First Wizarding War and fought in several battles with him. Dumbledore also attempted to protect James, Lily, and Harry from Voldemort, who was out to kill their son by offering to be their Secret Keeper. However, the role of Secret Keeper went instead to Peter Pettigrew, which turned out to be a fatal mistake, as Peter was, unbeknownst to them, a spy for Voldemort. When James and Lily were murdered by Voldemort, Dumbledore was devastated. After death, Dumbledore was amused and impressed that James, Sirius and Peter became Animagi without his knowledge.   Albus later became a mentor to James's son, and they shared an intimate relationship, more like a grandfather and his grandson, rather than a headmaster and his pupil. Dumbledore often sympathised with Harry about the grief and loneliness caused by his parents's death, and would comfort him
at times when he really needed it. He also firmly believed and emphasised many times that Harry's love for his parents, James and Lily, was the reason why he had a power stronger than Voldemort's.  Years after James and Dumbledore's deaths, the former's second grandson was named after the latter.[43]  Minerva McGonagall, his former head of house and teacher Minerva McGonagall was the Transfiguration Professor and also the Head of Gryffindor House, at the time James was a student. McGonagall was simultaneously fond of, and exasperated with James: she knew that he was a mischievous trouble-maker and often played cruel pranks on some of his school rivals (such as Severus Snape), but she also knew that he was a clever and talented wizard, and essentially a good person; overall, they had a good relationship, which presumably improved significantly after James cleaned up his act, and became worthy of being made Head Boy.[33]  Upon learning of James and Lily's deaths a few hours after they were murdered, McGonagall was devastated, and barely managed to keep her composure.[8] In her later years, she shared quite a close relationship with James's son, Harry.  The original Order of the Phoenix James did have a good relationship with most of the members of the Order of the Phoenix, during the First Wizarding War. He might have been friendly with some members, such as Elphias Doge and Alastor Moody, as they were all members during the first war and most likely fought in several battles together. It is possible that James had many other friendships during his time in the Order, but they were unknown; his most famous friendship being the one he shared with the Marauders. Most of the original members of the Order were killed during the Second Wizarding War; only a few of them managed to survive.  James Potter as depicted on Pottermore James Potter as a young Marauder on Pottermore Young James Potter as he appears in Harry Potter: Wizards Unite James Potter as a LEGO mini-figure (2020) A young James Potter in LEGO Harry Potter: Years 5-7


At least some content in this article is derived from information featured in: Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery & Harry Potter: Puzzles & Spells.As such, spoilers will be present within the article.          Cho Chang   Biographical information  Born Between 1 September 1978 and 31 August 1979   Blood status Pure-blood or half-blood[1]   Marital status Married[2]   Nationality British or Irish[3]   Title(s) Seeker     Signature     Physical information  Species Human   Gender Female   Hair colour Black[4]   Eye colour Dark   Skin colour Light    Relationship information  Family members Mr Chang (father)Mrs Chang (mother)Chang (grandfather)Unnamed Muggle (spouse)[2]   Romances Cedric Diggory (ex-boyfriend)Harry Potter (ex-boyfriend)Roger Davies (ex-boyfriend)Michael Corner (ex-boyfriend)Unnamed Muggle (spouse)[2]    Magical characteristics  Boggart Lord Voldemort[5]   Wand Unknown length, wood and core   Patronus Swan[6]    Affiliation  House Ravenclaw   Loyalty Chang familyDumbledore's ArmyHogwarts School of Witchcraft and WizardryRavenclawRavenclaw Quidditch team   [Source]   Cho Chang (b. 1978/1979) was a witch who attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry from 1990-1997 and was sorted into Ravenclaw House. She was a Seeker for the Ravenclaw Quidditch team and a popular student. She was also one year ahead of the famous Harry Potter.  In Cho's fifth year, she began dating Cedric Diggory while he was a Champion in the Triwizard Tournament. Unfortunately, Cedric became one of the first casualties of the Second Wizarding War, when he was murdered by Peter Pettigrew on Lord Voldemort's order in June of 1995. His death greatly upset Cho and made her determined to fight against the recently returned Dark Lord.  In her sixth year, against her parents' wishes, she joined Dumbledore's Army, an organisation taught and led by Harry Potter. In the same year she also began a romantic relationship with Harry. However, Cho's best friend Marietta Edgecombe betrayed the D.A., and after Marietta's betrayal, Cho and Harry's relationship fell apart. She remained loyal to her school and to the D.A., returning after she had graduated to participate in the Battle of Hogwarts.  Cho survived the Second Wizarding War and eventually married a Muggle.[2]  Cho was born into a wizarding family,[1] the daughter of Mr. and Mrs Chang between September 1978 and August 1979. She became a great Quidditch fan at the age of six, and cheered for the Tutshill Tornados.  In 1990, at the age of eleven, Cho began attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and was Sorted into Ravenclaw house. She soon tried out for her house Quidditch team, and attained the position of Seeker. She became friends with fellow Ravenclaw Marietta Edgecombe.  Cho during her time at Hogwarts, outside the owlery During a Gryffindor-Ravenclaw Quidditch match in her fourth year, Cho first met Harry Potter, who was a year below her and a fellow Seeker. Harry noticed she was very pretty and she made his stomach
"feel funny". Cho's impression of Harry was favourable, and when she later wished Harry good luck before Gryffindor had a Quidditch match against Slytherin, Harry went bright red.  During the match against Ravenclaw, Cho began to tail Harry rather than find the Golden Snitch herself. Harry soon caught on to her strategy and attempted to trick her into thinking he had spotted the Snitch. As he dove, he saw the Snitch for real. Cho then gasped at the sight of a trio of Dementors.  Harry managed to unleash a powerful Patronus Charm as well as snag the Snitch; the dementors were actually: Draco Malfoy, Vincent Crabbe, Gregory Goyle, and Marcus Flint in disguise. Ravenclaw did not win the Quidditch Cup that year with Gryffindor winning it instead of Slytherin.[7]  Cho sitting next to Fleur Delacour after the arrival of Beauxbatons On 25 August 1994, Cho went to the Quidditch World Cup Finals, presumably with her family. While there, she exchanged greetings with Harry Potter, who had a crush on Cho by this time, having been developing feelings for her since the previous year when he first saw her during a Quidditch match against the Ravenclaw Quidditch team. He considered her to be very pretty and a good Seeker.  She was friendly towards Harry throughout the year, but probably did not return his romantic feelings. She had already accepted Cedric Diggory's request to be his date to the Yule Ball. Cedric was a year above Cho and a champion in the Triwizard Tournament.  Cho and Cedric dancing at the Yule Ball Despite this, Cho refused to treat Harry poorly, as the majority of the school did because the Goblet of Fire had also selected him; she refused to wear one of Draco Malfoy's Support Cedric Diggory badges, something Harry was grateful for. He asked Cho to attend the Yule Ball with him, and she let him down kindly, even apologising for being unable to accept his offer; he still spent most of the ball watching Cho, who either soon began or was already dating Cedric. She was the 'thing' Cedric would miss most and thus became his hostage during the Second Task of the Tournament; he employed the Bubble-Head Charm to save her from Hogwarts' lake.[8]  That June, Cedric was murdered by Peter Pettigrew on Lord Voldemort's orders. Cho was devastated and openly cried at the memorial service at the end of the school year.  Cedric's death made Cho believe Harry's claim that Voldemort had returned despite the Ministry of Magic and Daily Prophet branding him a liar or insane. She sought Harry out several times and attempted to engage him in conversation, probably motivated by both a desire to learn the circumstances of Cedric's death and a growing fondness for Harry. Unfortunately for Harry, these encounters did not go well. The first time Cho found him covered with Stinksap that was accidentally let off by Neville Longbottom's Mimbulus mimbletonia. The second time, she ended up arguing with Ron Weasley about Quidditch teams. On the third
try, when Cho entered the Owlery to send a letter to her mother for her birthday while Harry was there, she defended him from a suspicious Argus Filch.[6]  Cho training with Dumbledore's Army When invited by Hermione Granger to join Dumbledore's Army, Cho went against the advice of her parents, who wished her to remain on Dolores Umbridge's good side, as her mother worked at the Ministry. She also brought her best friend and fellow Ravenclaw Marietta Edgecombe along, despite the other girl's reluctance to join due to her mum's position at the Ministry as well. Cho joined because she was determined to fight against Lord Voldemort and his Death Eaters after what happened to Cedric in the previous year.[6]  However, as a D.A. student she had her ups and downs. At first, she got nervous and performed her spells poorly whenever Harry was nearby. This indicated that her romantic feelings for him had grown since the previous year. Later, though, she was able to conjure a corporeal Patronus in the shape of a swan. However, she did have some trouble with a Disarming Charm, saying Expellimellius instead of the actual incantation, causing Marietta's sleeve to catch on fire. She also mentioned that she had never been able to stun anything before Harry taught her and commented that he was a good teacher.[6]  The kiss between Cho and Harry Cho initiated a kiss with Harry under some mistletoe shortly before Christmas after a D.A. session. However, she soon ended up in tears, confused and guilty because of her conflicting feelings for Harry and Cedric. This kiss was something that Harry did not enjoy much and described as being "wet", because of all the tears and a repeat kiss did not happen. Despite this, she and Harry went on a date in the wizarding village of Hogsmeade on Valentine's Day where the couple sent their time at Madam Puddifoot's Tea Shop. The tea shop made Harry uncomfortable, as it reminded him of Umbridge's too pink office.[6]  Harry and Cho on a date inside Madam Puddifoot's Tea Shop Cho's continuing grief over Cedric's death, her ill-founded jealousy over Harry's friendship with Hermione Granger (who, ironically, tried to advise Harry on how to handle girls), and Harry's overall inexperience with girls soured the experience. Cho became jealous when Harry mentioned his plans to meet Hermione later in the day, and she tried to gauge Harry's feelings for her by mentioning that Roger Davies had asked her out, but this only bewildered Harry. She ended up in tears after Harry refused to discuss Cedric's death with her.[6]  Later in the year, Cho's friend Marietta betrayed the D.A. to Umbridge, and, as a result, was afflicted by the jinx performed by Hermione on the piece of parchment, signed earlier by all members of the D.A. The hex made purple pustules spell 'SNEAK' across her face that could not be removed, something Cho considered a 'horrible trick'. When Harry scorned Marietta for the betrayal and Cho defended her, their relationship went downhill.[6] 
At the beginning of her seventh and final year at Hogwarts, Cho caught a glimpse of Harry on the Hogwarts Express. She did not speak with him, instead hiding back in her compartment with Marietta Edgecombe. Harry commented that she was the only one not staring at him, he also noticed that her friend Marietta still had the word SNEAK written in pimples on her face.[9]  Cho and others standing at the base of the Astronomy Tower after Dumbledore's death Harry and Cho had almost no interaction for the rest of the year; according to Harry, they simply 'fell apart', too embarrassed to even look at one another.[9] That year Harry began dating Ginny Weasley, while Cho dated Michael Corner,[6] who coincidentally had previously dated Ginny and had then offered Cho comfort after their sixth year Quidditch House Cup loss.  Cho did not participate in the battle that took place inside the castle after Death Eaters successfully infiltrated Hogwarts, as she did not keep her D.A. coin on her person at all times. Cho was also present in the courtyard after Albus Dumbledore died. She and the rest of the students raised their wands as a farewell to their former headmaster. It is possible that Cho attended Dumbledore's funeral with her parents, seeing as she was a Dumbledore supporter and was most likely saddened by his death.[9]  D.A. members in 1998 When Hogwarts was attacked, Cho demonstrated her loyalty by reuniting with other members of Dumbledore's Army and joining the final battle against Voldemort and the Death Eaters. She appeared amicable and friendly with Harry. She offered to lead him to the Ravenclaw Common Room in search of Rowena Ravenclaw's diadem. However, in an unwarranted act of jealousy, Ginny Weasley recommended Luna Lovegood to accompany Harry in Cho's place.  Cho with Katie Bell, Leanne, and Padma Patil in the Great Hall after the Battle of Hogwarts Cho was present when Lord Voldemort falsely announced that Harry was dead. During the second stage of the battle Cho and the other defenders of Hogwarts were pushed back into the Great Hall. She witnessed Harry Potter defeat Lord Voldemort, thus ending the Second Wizarding War. After the battle, Cho reunited with her friends. She was seen sitting with Katie Bell, Leanne, and Padma Patil in the aftermath of Lord Voldemort's defeat.[10]  After the end of the Second Wizarding War, Cho later married a Muggle individual.[2] She most likely kept her D.A. coin, as a badge of honour, as did other D.A. members. It can be assumed that she attended the 2014 reunion of Dumbledore's Army.  Cho was described to be an extremely pretty girl with long, shiny dark hair, a freckled nose, and being a head shorter than Harry Potter. For her date with Harry, she tied her hair back into a ponytail, to which he described as very pretty. Because of her beauty, she attracted a considerable amount of male attention during her Hogwarts years, most notably: Cedric Diggory, Roger Davies, Michael Corner, and of course Harry. 
Cho in her fifth year Generally polite, sweet, and well-mannered, Cho was easy to get along with and was a popular student at Hogwarts, with a large group of friends and many boys who admired her for her extreme beauty (including Harry Potter himself).  Having been sorted into Ravenclaw House, Cho was presumably intelligent, enforced by her mastery of all defence magic that Harry taught her, including the Patronus Charm, though she did admit that she was unable to stun anything before Harry taught her. She was also an avid Quidditch fan (having supported the Tutshill Tornados since she was six years old) and a good athlete, playing Seeker for her House's team.  She was also loyal and brave, having been loyal to the Tutshill Tornados for many years as opposed to jumping the bandwagon, joining Dumbledore's Army in defiance with the Ministry both out of support of Harry and in order to avenge the death of her late boyfriend Cedric, sticking up for her friend Marietta when the rest of the group ousted her for her treachery, and returning to Hogwarts in her seventh year in order to fight alongside her comrades and defend the school from Death Eaters.  Cho in her Yule Ball dress robes For the most part, Cho was often found around Hogwarts with a gaggle of girlfriends, though after one of her emotional breakdowns over Cedric's death, they apparently left her during her depression. Despite this, Cho was a very loyal person (perhaps even to a fault); when she and her friend Marietta Edgecombe joined Dumbledore's Army, she insisted on bringing her friend along even when her friend expressed disinterest and cynicism to the club's effects.  Later, even though Marietta eventually sold out the DA to Umbridge and the Ministry of Magic, Cho stood by her and insisted to the accusatory Harry that Marietta was a 'lovely person' who 'just made a mistake'. Her loyalty and courage were shown again when she came back to Hogwarts to fight even after she had graduated, and offered to show Harry up to the Ravenclaw Tower, indicating that she harboured no hard feelings against them despite their previously fallen out romantic relationship.  Cho was perceived by Harry Potter and Ron Weasley to be excessively emotional, though as Hermione stated, much of this characterisation was attributed to her behaviour and actions directly after her boyfriend's death, pushing her way through the trauma and grief that is only observed from the periphery. During her grief, she was prone to many crying spells and a difficult control over her emotions, leading to a prying sort of aggression when she dated Harry to get the details of Cedric's death.  Cho also felt irrational jealousy and paranoia when Harry would bring up Hermione Granger for what Cho saw to be flippant insensitivity from Harry's end. Hermione, for her part, did not seem to blame Cho at all, understanding her grief and depression and stating that it had interfered with many aspects of Cho's life, including Cho's grades and her
position on the Quidditch team.  Cho has also said that she and Roger Davies used to date; after Ravenclaw's loss of the House Cup in 1995, Ginny Weasley said that Michael Corner had gone to comfort Cho. Later in life, she married a Muggle.  Cho's corporeal swan Patronus Cho's wand Cho's relationship with her parents was unknown, but it was revealed that, during the 1995–1996 school year, both her mother and father wanted her to stay on Dolores Umbridge's good side. Though Cho went against their wishes by joining Dumbledore's Army, she did send her mother a parcel for her birthday, showing affectionate care. Their relationship after the school year was unknown.  Roger Davies, her ex-boyfriend Some time during Cho's life, she dated a fellow Ravenclaw — Roger Davies, who also served as her Captain on their house's Quidditch team — but it didn't last long since he eventually got a new girlfriend while Cho moved on with either Cedric or Harry. Davies asked Cho out sometime after Cedric's death, though Cho rejected him in favour for Harry; regardless, she used this to gauge Harry's feelings for her, and looked at Roger and his girlfriend as though they were setting a standard to which Cho expected Harry to live up.  Cedric Diggory, her late boyfriend In her fifth year, Cho was asked to the Yule Ball by Cedric Diggory, a Hufflepuff student a year above her; the two began dating as late as after this. Because Cho was the person Cedric would miss most, she served as his hostage during the Second Task of the Triwizard Tournament.[8] Cho and Cedric also had a date at Madam Puddifoot's Tea Shop. Cho was devastated when Cedric was murdered that June.  The following year was very difficult for her; in addition to missing Cedric, she was the subject of gossip regarding her burgeoning romance with Harry Potter, the only witness to Cedric's murder who was widely regarded as being either a liar or a nutter for claiming that Lord Voldemort had returned. Cho's grief and depression led her to almost constantly crying and causing her Quidditch abilities to suffer.[6] This was probably compounded by a lack of closure, as Harry was the only person who knew what had happened to Cedric and did not want to discuss it with Cho.  Given how, in spite of her genuinely intense grief, Cho managed to go on to date others, and eventually married a Muggle after the Second Wizarding War, it can be said that she learned to move on from the pain of losing Cedric.  Harry Potter, her ex-boyfriend Harry Potter was drawn to Cho's good looks and developed a crush on her when she was in her fourth year,[7] and asked her to the Yule Ball in the next, though she had already agreed to attend with Cedric. Still, Cho treated Harry kindly, such as in refusing to wear a Potter Stinks/Support Cedric Diggory! badge during the Triwizard Tournament.[8]  In her sixth year, Cho began to return Harry's
feelings, though she felt somewhat guilty for doing so, considering the recent murder of Cedric Diggory. She joined Dumbledore's Army and became nervous whenever Harry was nearby, something Harry also exhibited. They shared a kiss under the mistletoe around Christmas, but this was spoiled by Cho beginning to cry, and Harry being at a loss for how to respond.  The two went on a date in Hogsmeade on Valentine's Day, but Cho's feelings for Harry were confused because of her continuing grief over Cedric's death and Harry's discomfort with discussing it. She also became jealous of Harry's friendship with Hermione Granger, convinced they had feelings for each-other, and in a moment of weakness and insecurity, ditched the date. Harry, who was inexperienced with girls, found Cho's behaviour very confusing, especially when she tried to make him jealous and to gauge his feelings for her by mentioning that Roger Davies had asked her out, and ultimately leaving him in Madam Puddifoot's Tea Shop for the other customers to stare at him astonishingly.  Cho and Harry kissing under some mistletoe Unimpressed with her attitude and for souring his experience of a first date, Harry grew angry at her. Though they eased up a bit after Cho read Harry's interview in The Quibbler, the strike that broke the relationship was when Marietta Edgecombe betrayed the D.A. and Cho stood up for her, angering Harry, who in turn again became angry with Harry and paranoid that he and Hermione were in a relationship.[6] After that, their relationship simply 'fell apart'.[9]  When Cho saw Harry on the Hogwarts Express at the end of the 1995–1996 school year, and again at the start of the 1996-1997 school year, she avoided him both times, as she was too embarrassed (and possibly still angry), for them to look at each other, let alone talk to each other.[6][9] On the other hand, Harry found himself not caring about Cho anymore due to his godfather Sirius Black's death being far more devastating to him than their break-up,[6] seemingly disregarding Cho with indifference as opposed to embarrassment. As for Marietta, he sneered at her limited success of hiding her disfigurement.[9]  However, by 1998, any negative feelings on Cho's part seemed to have vanished, as she offered to escort Harry to Ravenclaw Tower just before the Battle of Hogwarts. She was disappointed when Ginny Weasley fiercely suggested that Luna Lovegood escort him instead, suggesting that Cho may have appreciated some alone time with Harry, whether because of any lingering feelings or just because she would've liked to talk with him since after their fallout. Harry, on the other hand, did not so much as hesitate in accepting Ginny's suggestion and Luna's escort, indicating that he was still angry and/or indifferent towards her and had no interest in mending their relationship (though it is also possible that the then tense and desperate situation with Voldemort and his forces left Harry with little time or emotional energy to devote to Cho).[10]  One of the reasons for Harry's attraction to Ginny was
due to her being rarely weepy when she was upset.[10] This contrasts with Cho, whose depression after her boyfriend's death led to her crying frequently, which Harry did not know how to handle. Harry had always envisioned that any time they spent together would involve Cho enjoying herself, not crying on his shoulder, showing that he had little desire in spending time comforting her to begin with. Eventually, Harry implied that Cho's depression and crying were things that he had to 'cope' with, leading her to storming away due to this insensitivity.[6]  Michael Corner, her ex-boyfriend At the end of her sixth year, after the end of her relationship with Harry, Cho began dating Michael Corner, a Ravenclaw student a year below her. Michael's ex-girlfriend, Ginny Weasley, said that this happened shortly after she chucked Michael when he became sulky over a Ravenclaw-Gryffindor Quidditch match. Michael seems to have offered Cho comfort.[6] They may have continued to date even after Cho graduated from Hogwarts, as she went to sit by his side in the Room of Requirement upon returning to the school for the final battle.[10] However, they must have broken up at some point because she eventually married a Muggle.  Marietta Edgecombe, her best friend Marietta Edgecombe was Cho's friend and a fellow Ravenclaw. Marietta joined Dumbledore's Army mainly because Cho wanted her to; she was uncomfortable with opposing Dolores Umbridge because her mother worked at the Ministry of Magic. Cho thought no less of her for either Marietta's cynicism about the club nor Marietta's ultimate betrayal, seeing it as a forgivable mistake and being emphatically more upset that Hermione's jinx would cause an acne scar on Marietta's face for the rest of her life. She is more upset and defensive of this when she and Harry eventually talked about it, which became the straw that broke the camel's back in their relationship.[6]  Cho was, until the beginning of her sixth year, very popular. She had an entire group of Ravenclaw girl friends, who were constantly giggling, Marietta being one of them. However, as because of Cho's depression and grief-induced mood swings, all the others fell by the wayside. Being a Quidditch star and very pretty, she was the centre of the group, having a handful of friends accompany her even to the bathroom, and up until her sixth year she was never seen without them. At the welcoming feast in her sixth year, Cho chatted animatedly with her friends but later on she was mostly by herself or with Marietta.[8][6]  Dumbledore's Army, her friends and allies Cho became a member of Dumbledore's Army in 1995. It was an organisation led by Harry Potter, in order to oppose Dolores Umbridge. Cho's relationship with the other members of the army is unknown, but it is possible that they were all friends. Some members of Ravenclaw, such as Michael Corner, Terry Boot, Anthony Goldstein, Padma Patil, and Luna Lovegood were members of the army, as well.  Other members were Zacharias Smith, Susan Bones, Justin Finch-Fletchley, Hannah Abbott and
Ernie Macmillan from Hufflepuff, and Alicia Spinnet, Angelina Johnson, Lee Jordan, Fred and George Weasley, Ron Weasley, Hermione Granger, Dean Thomas, Seamus Finnigan, Lavender Brown, Parvati Patil (Padma's twin), Neville Longbottom, Ginny Weasley, and Colin and Dennis Creevey from Gryffindor. She may also have been friends with Katie Bell as the two girls were in the same year and were seen chatting to one another after the Battle of Hogwarts.  Cho was not fond of Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger however; she did not trust Harry's closeness and friendship with Hermione, generally suspicious that Harry had feelings for her as well. This was one of the reasons that Cho and Harry fell apart. Ironically, Hermione was trying to give advice to Harry on building a successful relationship with Cho. As for Ron, he was tactless when Cho came to Harry, accusing her of being biased in supporting the Tutshill Tornados while being ignorant of her desire to talk to Harry alone. Naturally this did little to endear her to Ron. Furthermore, as Harry would discuss Cedric's death with both Ron and Hermione, while refusing to do the same with Cho, this only increased Cho's dislike of Harry's best friends.  Ginny Weasley seemed relatively neutral about Cho, (though for obvious reasons she was not supportive of her and Harry's relationship), mentioning to Harry out of suggestion that maybe he should talk to her about Marietta instead of the long periods of avoidance from his end.  When the entire DA ostracised Marietta for betraying them, Cho alone stood up for her, putting her at odds with the rest of the group. This did not, however, appear to prevent her from retaining membership with the DA, and she fought with Dumbledore's Army during the Battle of Hogwarts, most of them surviving the war.  Cho Chang in LEGO Harry Potter: Years 1-4 Cho Chang in LEGO Harry Potter: Years 5-7 Cho Chang (with owl) as a LEGO mini-figure Cho Chang as a POP! Vinyl


At least some content in this article is derived from information featured in: Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery & Harry Potter: Puzzles & Spells & Harry Potter: Magic Awakened.As such, spoilers will be present within the article.          Ronald Bilius Weasley   Biographical information  Born 1 March 1980Ottery St Catchpole, Devon, England, Great Britain[1]   Blood status Pure-blood[2]   Marital status Married[3]   Nationality English   Also known as Ron (by family & friends)Ickle Ronnikins (by Fred and George Weasley)Wheezy (by Dobby)Won-Won[4][5] (by Lavender Brown)Weasel[6][7] (by Draco Malfoy)Vincent Crabbe[8] (under disguise of Polyjuice Potion)Harry Potter (under disguise of Polyjuice Potion)[9]Reg Cattermole (under disguise of Polyjuice Potion)[9]Stan Shunpike[9]Barny Weasley[9]Dragomir Despard[9]Roonil Wazlib (due to a typo caused by a faulty quill pen)[10]   Title(s) Prefect[7]Keeper[7]     Signature     Physical information  Species Human[11]   Gender Male[11]   Height 5'9"[1]   Weight 152 lbs[1]   Hair colour Red[12][13]   Eye colour Blue[14]   Skin colour Pale[15][16][17][18][19][20][21]    Relationship information  Family members Arthur Weasley (father)Molly Weasley (née Prewett) (mother)William Weasley (older brother)Charles Weasley (older brother)Percy Weasley (older brother)Fred Weasley (older brother) †George Weasley (older brother)Ginevra Potter (née Weasley) (younger sister)Hermione Granger (wife)Padma Patil (wife in alternate timeline)Rose Granger-Weasley[22] (daughter)Hugo Granger-Weasley[22] (son)Panju Weasley (son in alternate timeline)Father-in-lawMother-in-lawMr Patil (father-in-law in alternate timeline)Mrs Patil (mother-in-law in alternate timeline)Fleur Weasley (née Delacour) (sister-in-law)Audrey Weasley (sister-in-law)Angelina Weasley (née Johnson) (sister-in-law)Harry Potter (brother-in-law)Parvati Patil (sister-in-law in alternate timeline)Victoire Weasley (niece)Dominique Weasley (niece)Louis Weasley (nephew)Molly Weasley II (niece)Lucy Weasley (niece)Fred Weasley II (nephew)Roxanne Weasley (niece)James Potter II (nephew)Albus Potter (nephew)Lily Potter (niece)Two paternal unclesGideon Prewett (maternal uncle) †Fabian Prewett (maternal uncle) †Bilius (uncle) †Uncle or uncle by marriageFirst cousinSeptimus Weasley (paternal grandfather)Cedrella Weasley (née Black) (paternal grandmother) †Maternal grandfatherMatilda Weasley (possible relative)G. Weasley (possible relative)Garreth Weasley (possible relative)Garreth Weasley's sister (possible relative)Matilda Weasley's nephews (possible relatives)Hector Weasley (possible relative)Weasley family (paternal family)Prewett family (maternal family)Granger family (in-laws)Granger-Weasley family (descendants)   Romances Lavender Brown (ex-girlfriend) †Hermione Granger (wife)Padma Patil (wife in alternate timeline)    Magical characteristics  Boggart Aragog[23][6]   Wand 12", Ash, unicorn tail hair (formerly, broken)14", Willow, unicorn tail hair9¼", Chestnut, Dragon heartstring (temporarily)   Patronus Jack Russell terrier[24]    Affiliation  Occupation Auror (formerly)Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes co-manager[25]   House Gryffindor[11]   Loyalty Weasley familyPrewett familyHogwarts School of Witchcraft and WizardryGryffindorTrioGryffindor Quidditch teamChudley CannonsDumbledore's ArmyOrder of the PhoenixS.P.E.W.Weasleys' Wizard WheezesBritish Ministry of MagicAuror Department (formerly)Granger familyGranger-Weasley family   [Source]   Ronald Bilius[26] "Ron" Weasley (b. 1 March 1980) was an English pure-blood[2] wizard, the sixth and youngest son of Arthur and Molly Weasley (née Prewett). He was also the younger brother of Bill, Charlie, Percy, Fred, George, and the elder brother of Ginny. Ron and his siblings lived at The Burrow, on the outskirts of Ottery St Catchpole, Devon.  Ron began attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in 1991 and was Sorted into Gryffindor House. He soon became close friends with
fellow student Harry Potter and later Hermione Granger. Together, they made the Golden Trio and faced many challenges during their adolescence, including keeping the Philosopher's Stone from Professor Quirinus Quirrell, rescuing Ginny from the Basilisk in the Chamber of Secrets, saving Harry's godfather Sirius Black from the Dementors of Azkaban, and guiding Harry through the Triwizard Tournament.  He also helped form Dumbledore's Army and fought in numerous battles of the Second Wizarding War. These battles included the Battle of the Department of Mysteries (1996), Battle of the Astronomy Tower (1997), and Battle of the Seven Potters (1997). Ron also became a Gryffindor prefect and a Keeper on the Gryffindor Quidditch team during his fifth year at Hogwarts.  He skipped his last year of school in order to accompany Harry and Hermione on a hunt to destroy all of Lord Voldemort's Horcruxes and fought in the Battle of Hogwarts in 1998, during which he lost his brother Fred, a loss which devastated him and his family, especially George, Fred's twin.  After the war, Ron became an Auror and helped reform and revolutionise the British Ministry of Magic.[27] After two years as an Auror, he went to work at Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes with his brother George. He and Hermione eventually married and had two children, Rose and Hugo Granger-Weasley. Ron was also named the godfather of James Sirius Potter, his sister Ginny Weasley's and Harry Potter's eldest child.  Ronald Bilius Weasley was born 1 March 1980, to Arthur and Molly Weasley (née Prewett),[11] at the height of the First Wizarding War. During this war his maternal uncles Fabian and Gideon Prewett, both members of the Order of the Phoenix, were murdered while fighting a group of four Death Eaters led by Antonin Dolohov.[7] While he was still a toddler, the war ended for a time after Lord Voldemort's first defeat at the hands of Ron's classmate-to-be Harry Potter on the 31 October 1981.  Ron and his five older brothers — Bill, Charlie, Percy, Fred and George — as well as his younger sister, Ginny, grew up in The Burrow on the outskirts of Ottery St Catchpole in Devon, England. Like all his siblings, he was home educated in reading, writing and simple mathematics by his mother. The Weasley family was not wealthy at all, compared to other wizarding families.[28] Many other pure-blood families, particularly the Malfoys, disdained them for their "blood traitor" beliefs and lack of wealth. They tried their best to make up for this with their love.[29]  The Weasley siblings, especially Fred and George, were fond of teasing and playing pranks on each other, and Ron was a particular target for Fred and George. They once Transfigured Ron's teddy bear into a giant spider, sparking his arachnophobia. On another occasion, the twins nearly got him to make an Unbreakable Vow, which finally made their father truly furious (and Fred would later state that his left buttock has "never been the same since" after the row that ensued). They also once got him to eat an Acid
Pop which burnt a hole through his tongue.  When Ron was younger, he had a pet rat named Scabbers, whom he had inherited from Percy. This rat was actually Peter Pettigrew, an informant and Voldemort's servant who betrayed Harry's parents. Ron was very fond of Scabbers, but wasn't sad to let him go when he found out the truth about his old rat.[28][30] Ron had a fairly happy childhood, which Harry envied, having been brought up by his spiteful relatives, the Dursley family. To compensate for their impoverishment, Ron's mother indulged him in three delicious meals daily. This became so habitual that missing a meal in later life would irritate Ron.  The trio meeting for the first time on the Hogwarts Express Ron began to attend Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in 1991 at the customary age of eleven. He was Sorted into Gryffindor House, like every other Weasley. On his first trip on the Hogwarts Express, Ron met and became friends with the famous wizard Harry Potter. Harry let him share his carriage on the Hogwarts Express and purchased a large amount of wizarding snacks from the Hogwarts Express food trolley to share with him. Later on, Harry would stand up for Ron against Slytherin bully Draco Malfoy and Ron would elect to be his second for a midnight duel.[11]  Ron being sorted into Gryffindor by the Sorting Hat Ron and Harry first met Hermione Granger on the train but Ron did not particularly take to her. Ron, especially, was annoyed by what he saw as Hermione showing off her knowledge of magic, such as when she corrected him on the pronunciation of the incantation Wingardium Leviosa.[11]  Ron and Harry after having defeated a fully grown Mountain Troll Prior to the Hallowe'en feast, Ron angrily declared that Hermione was a know-it-all and did not have any friends. Hermione overheard his outburst and went running to the girl's bathroom in tears. That evening, during the Hallowe'en feast, it was announced that a mountain troll was loose in the school. Ron and Harry came to Hermione's rescue after hearing that she was in trouble, with Ron successfully using the Levitation Charm to levitate the troll's club and drop it on its head, knocking it out. She, in return, lied to protect them from Professor McGonagall. The three then became very close friends.[11]  Ron sacrificing himself in the chess game in the Philosopher's Stone Chambers During their first year, the three of them learnt that the Philosopher's Stone was being hidden in Hogwarts and sought to protect it from being stolen by Severus Snape, whom the young wizards believed to be working for Lord Voldemort. Ron's talent in Wizard's Chess allowed them to pass one of the obstacles protecting the stone, which was a life-sized game. Ron sacrificed himself as a game piece so Harry could place the enemy king in checkmate, allowing Harry and Hermione to move on.  Ultimately, it was discovered that Professor Quirrell was trying to steal the stone for Voldemort. Harry succeeded in
defeating him and protecting the Philosopher's Stone, and Ron was awarded fifty House points by Albus Dumbledore for "the best played game of chess that Hogwarts has seen these many years", allowing Gryffindor to win the House Cup for the first time in seven years.[11]  Ron and Harry flying a car to school in their second year Having not heard from Harry Potter during the whole summer of 1992, Ron, Fred and George Weasley, in a planned scheme to rescue him from 4 Privet Drive, drove Arthur Weasley's flying Ford Anglia to the Muggle town of Little Whinging and tore the bars from Harry's bedroom window using the car's horsepower. Ron and the twins helped Harry get his things in the car, and they left for the Weasley House. Upon landing Ron and his brothers were ratted out by Molly Weasley for having taken such a risky course of action.  At the start of that year's school term, Ron and Harry missed the Hogwarts Express due to the tricks of Dobby the house-elf and were forced to use the Ford Anglia to travel to Hogwarts. At the end of their journey, the car failed, causing the boys to crash-land into the Whomping Willow. They were nearly killed when the tree shook, and the car jettisoned them and took off into the Forbidden Forest, where it remained.[29]  The writing on the wall and the petrified form of Mrs Norris Ron's wand was damaged in the crash, causing him problems for the entire school year. It backfired when Ron attempted to curse Draco Malfoy in payback for calling Hermione a "Mudblood" with the Slug-vomiting Charm, resulting with him vomiting slugs and slime.  Malfoy's disdain towards Muggle-borns led Ron, Harry, and Hermione to suspect that he was the Heir of Slytherin who opened the Chamber of Secrets that year, unleashing a "monster" that began to attack Muggle-born students.[29]  The trio preparing to take Polyjuice Potion To investigate this theory, Hermione brewed a Polyjuice Potion which greatly surprised Ron in that she was so overtly breaking the rules. When the time came to use the potion, Ron was made to impersonate Vincent Crabbe, and Harry impersonated Gregory Goyle, while Hermione's transformation was unsuccessful because she mistook hair from Millicent Bulstrode's cat for her own.  Ron and Harry interrogated Malfoy in the Slytherin Common Room, during which Malfoy proceeded to insult both Dumbledore and Harry. He also made a callous comment about Hermione, hoping that she would be the Muggle-born victim that dies during the attacks. "But I know one thing: last time the Chamber of Secrets was opened, a Mudblood died. So I bet it’s only a matter of time before one of them’s killed this time… I hope it’s Granger".[31] This comment upset both Ron and Harry, but they were able to maintain their cover and eventually realised that Malfoy was not the Heir of Slytherin.[29] In fact, Malfoy had no idea who was behind the attacks.  Harry and Ron following the spiders, which led them to Aragog
Ron and Harry were both greatly upset when Hermione became another victim of the "monster", ending up petrified in the Hospital Wing, though she left her friends a clue that led them to deduce that the monster was a basilisk. Ron showed incredible bravery during the course of their investigation by venturing into the Forbidden Forest to an Acromantula den led by Aragog, in spite of his extreme fear of spiders.  Harry and Ron learned Rubeus Hagrid had nothing to do with opening the chamber, but when Aragog tried to make a meal of them, they narrowly escaped thanks to the magic that had engulfed the Flying Ford Anglia.[29] After escaping the forest Ron was furious with Hagrid for endangering their lives.  When he and Harry learned that Ginny (Ron's younger sister) was dying in the Chamber of Secrets, they raced to save her, planning to give their information to Professor Gilderoy Lockhart. When the pair discovered that the professor was attempting to flee, they drew their wands on him and forced him to join them as they ventured into the Chamber of Secrets.  Ron, Harry, and Lockhart standing in the Chamber of Secrets next to Basilisk skin Shortly after Ron, Harry and Lockhart entered the Chamber, Lockhart attempted to wipe their memories in order to get out of the Chamber and take credit for their efforts in a bid for fame. Unfortunately for him, he used Ron's damaged wand, and the spell backfired, causing permanent amnesia in Lockhart. Ron was left behind to tend to Lockhart, as Harry delved deeper into the Chamber, saving Ginny and defeating Salazar Slytherin's basilisk, avenging all its petrified victims.[29]  Afterwards, Ron was honoured with a Special Award for Services to the School, as well as earning two hundred House points for Gryffindor for his work concerning re-sealing the Chamber of Secrets.[29]  Ron and his family in Egypt In the summer following Ron's second year at Hogwarts, the Weasleys won the Daily Prophet Grand Prize Galleon Draw. Ron and his family used the money to travel to Egypt to visit Ron's eldest brother, Bill. News of their lucky break made the Daily Prophet, and Ron sent that newspaper clipping and a Sneakoscope to Harry for his thirteenth birthday. They met on the last day of the summer, when Ron and his family visited Diagon Alley with Harry and Hermione and took up rooms in the Leaky Cauldron in preparation for catching the Hogwarts Express. Ron's parents also purchased him a new wand to replace the broken one he had lost the previous year.[6]  During their stay at the Leaky Cauldron, Ron shared a room with his brother Percy. Unfortunately, this led to a fight. Percy believed that Ron had taken his Head Boy badge, which had actually been stolen by Weasley twins Fred and George. Harry found the twins hiding, enchanting the badge to say "Big Head Boy". Later, Ron was also accused of smudging a picture of Percy's girlfriend, Penelope Clearwater with tea (Penelope thus hid herself outside the
frame so nobody could see her splotched nose).[6]  Dementors boarding the Hogwarts Express in search of Sirius Black Also that summer, Sirius Black, the most famous prisoner in Azkaban, escaped, and in light of this incident, security was tightened at Hogwarts which Ron and his friends noticed when the Hogwarts Express was stopped and searched by Dementors. Once at the school, Dumbledore announced that Dementors would be stationed around the school gates to prevent Black from entering Hogwarts. This was done under the assumption that Harry was being targeted by Black.[6]  Upon starting the term, the third-years began taking new lessons. Ron and Harry had chosen Divination and Care of Magical Creatures, while Hermione decided to take every possible class offered and began to exhibit strange behaviour that neither Ron nor Harry could figure out. The pair quickly decided that Divination was not a class they really liked and that the professor, Sybill Trelawney, was a fraud.  Ron's first Care of Magical Creatures lesson Ron's first Care of Magical Creatures was a disaster. Hagrid, the new Care of Magical Creatures professor, had planned what he thought to be a spectacular class on hippogriffs, when a hippogriff named Buckbeak attacked Draco Malfoy after Malfoy had insulted the rare creature, causing Malfoy to promise revenge. Also during that week, Ron had his first Defence Against the Dark Arts class with the new professor, Remus Lupin, and in short order Ron thought that Lupin was an excellent professor.[6]  On Hallowe'en, Ron and Hermione went on their first Hogsmeade trip. Harry, however, could not join them as his uncle Vernon had not signed his Hogsmeade permission slip. Meanwhile, Ron and Hermione visited every building in Hogsmeade and brought back loads of sweets from Honeydukes for Harry. They were discussing blood-flavored lollipops and Cockroach Clusters.  Ron, Harry, and Hermione at Hogsmeade Harry used the Marauder's Map to sneak into Hogsmeade. He then met Ron and Hermione in Honeydukes. They visited the Three Broomsticks, a pub run by Madam Rosmerta. When Cornelius Fudge, Minerva McGonagall, Filius Flitwick, and Rubeus Hagrid arrived, Harry hide underneath their table to avoid being seen. Harry used a tunnel to sneak into Hogsmeade village.  While sneaking back into the school, he overheard a disturbing conversation that had a severe impact on his mental state.[32] Sirius Black was his parents' best friend, and was his godfather and legal guardian. Black was the Potters' Secret Keeper and he allegedly divulged the Potters' secret whereabouts to Lord Voldemort and murdered their friend Peter Pettigrew, as well as twelve Muggle bystanders. Peter left a finger to prove that he had been killed with the twelve Muggles.[32] That evening, Sirius Black sneaked into Hogwarts, and the students were forced to spend the night in the Dining Hall.[6]  Just before Christmas, Rubeus Hagrid received a complaint from the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures about Buckbeak the hippogriff. When he shared this incident with Ron, Harry, and Hermione, the trio promised to do everything in their power to help defend Buckbeak.
 Ron riding Harry's Firebolt for the first time on the Hogwarts Quidditch pitch Ron and Harry put the defence of Buckbeak on the back-burner when on Christmas Day, Harry received a Firebolt broomstick from a mysterious sender. When Hermione, afraid for Harry's safety, turned the Firebolt in, Ron stopped talking to Hermione. The Firebolt incident only added to the rough tension between the two, as Hermione's new pet Crookshanks had been continually trying to attack Ron's rat, Scabbers. A few weeks later, when the two were on the verge of making up, Scabbers disappeared and Ron blamed Crookshanks, threatening the friendship between them.[6]  In the meantime, Black was yet to be found, and the night following the Gryffindor vs Ravenclaw Quidditch match, he sneaked into Gryffindor tower. Hearing the sound of ripping bed curtains, Ron awoke with a start to see Sirius Black standing over him holding a knife. He screamed, and Black fled.[6]  Professor McGonagall and the residents of Gryffindor Tower in the common room after Sirius Black's break-in When Ron had woken up the entire Gryffindor House they all gathered in the Gryffindor Common Room to discuss the events. Professor Minerva McGonagall, the Head of House, was called. Ron explained his story and theorised that Black must have gone for the wrong bed and was aiming for Harry Potter. McGonagall asked Sir Cadogan about it and he told her that he had let Black enter after Black gave him the correct passcode.[33]  Another search of the castle took place, but Black escaped capture again. The Fat Lady resumed her duty of guarding Gryffindor Tower on the condition her portrait be guarded. Neville was placed in detention and stripped of his visitation rights to Hogsmeade for the rest of the school year and the other Gryffindors were forbidden to tell him the password to the tower, forcing him to wait outside for someone to let him in while the security trolls guarding the Fat Lady leered unpleasantly at him. But none of that compared to the Howler his grandmother sent him during breakfast, which shouted at him that he had brought shame to the family.[34]  This incident made Ron famous among the other students, but he came back down to Earth when Hagrid scolded him and Harry about their treatment of Hermione, who Hagrid told them was in over her head with all of her classes and the work she was doing for Buckbeak. Shocked, the pair patched things up with her a few days later, when they received a letter from Hagrid saying that Buckbeak had been sentenced to execution.[6]  Harry, Ron, and Hermione visiting Hagrid right before Buckbeack's execution With exams coming up, the trio set about studying and attempting to help Hagrid with Buckbeak's appeal. The appeal took place on the last day of their exams. Hearing that Buckbeak had lost, and was to be executed, Ron, Harry and Hermione went to visit Hagrid in the evening just before the execution. They offered to help set the record straight, but Hagrid told
them that they would be in big trouble if they were seen. Helping the sobbing Hagrid make tea, Hermione found Scabbers hiding inside a milk jar. Soon they were hurried out the back of the hut, all the while they continued to lobby for a chance to set the record straight. When they heard what sounded like the killing, Ron, Harry and Hermione set off for Hogwarts in a slight state of shock.[6]  Sirius Black capturing Ron and dragging him to the Whomping Willow Before they made it back there, Scabbers began to squirm in Ron's hands and escaped. Not wanting to lose his rat again, Ron chased after Scabbers with Harry and Hermione behind him. He caught up to Scabbers, but not before they were in the shadow of the Whomping Willow tree. He looked up to see a large black dog bearing down upon him. The dog dived at Ron and gripping Ron's arm in its mouth, it dragged him into the Whomping Willow. To try and stop the dog from pulling him further, Ron tied his feet around a tree branch, but the dog's grip was so powerful his leg snapped. When the dog reached the Shrieking Shack, it let go of Ron and revealed itself to be Sirius Black.[6]  The trio encountering Sirius Black in the Shrieking Shack Sirius ambushed Harry and Hermione, disarming them when they entered the room where Ron was being held hostage. Upon seeing him, Harry attacked Black with Hermione and the seriously injured Ron helping in any way they could, but Harry could not bring himself to finish the job when he had Black in his power, and he was disarmed by Professor Lupin. Relieved at the sight of Lupin, Ron became worried when Lupin and Black greeted each other like brothers and demanded that Ron turn over his rat, Scabbers. Sirius and Lupin then told them about their own years spent at Hogwarts and how a wizard named Peter Pettigrew betrayed Harry's parents to Voldemort then framed Sirius and transformed into a rat to go into hiding.  Still not fully convinced, Ron reluctantly handed over Scabbers when Lupin promised that if he was actually a rat, no harm would come to him. Scabbers was revealed to be Pettigrew, whom Sirius had recognised due to a missing toe. (Pettigrew has cut off one of his own fingers before transforming). A tearful Pettigrew confessed to the betrayal and begged for mercy from his former friends.[6]  Ron in the Hospital Wing with a broken leg, unable to walk When it was decided that Pettigrew should be turned over to the Dementors, Lupin splinted Ron's leg, and the assembled company left for Hogwarts. Along the way, the full moon broke out, and Lupin began to transform into a werewolf. In the skirmish, Pettigrew stole Lupin's wand, stunned Ron, and escaped into the moonlight. Hours later in the Hospital Wing, Ron was recovering both from his broken leg and Pettigrew's attack. Ron was unable to walk, so he did not join Harry and
Hermione on their rescue mission. Ron was told that Harry and Hermione had managed to save Sirius from the Dementor's Kiss and Buckbeak from execution with Hermione's Time-Turner.[6]  Ron understood why Hermione did not immediately mention the Time-Turner. Ron was slightly dismayed but, now knew the reason for her strange behaviour and timetable earlier on, he was nevertheless relieved that Sirius and Buckbeak were both safe and free.  Ron offering Pig to Crookshanks to check on Hogwarts Express As a replacement for his lost pet, Sirius sent Ron a tiny owl. Ron, to the surprise of both Harry and Hermione, allowed Crookshanks to sniff the owl. Crookshanks gave his approval, thus confirming that it was in fact just an owl. Ginny immediately named Pigwidgeon because she thought the name was "sweet"; annoyed and disgusted at this, Ron tried to choose another name, but it was too late, so he settled for using the nickname "Pig".[6]  Ron at the 1994 Quidditch World Cup with his friends and family In the summer of 1994, Ron invited Harry and Hermione to accompany the Weasleys to the Quidditch World Cup, which was being held in Britain for the first time in decades. While Hermione joined the Weasleys at The Burrow, Harry had to be picked up from the Dursleys. Arthur Weasley arranged to pick up Harry via Floo Network, not knowing that the Dursleys' fireplace was blocked, so when Ron, Arthur, Fred and George tried to fetch Harry they ended up stuck in the chimney. Part of the Dursleys' house was destroyed before Harry returned to the Weasley's house.[28]  The following day, Harry, Hermione, and all the Weasleys except Molly Weasley left for the Quidditch World Cup, where they set up camp and met many of their friends from Hogwarts or the Ministry. They had prime seats for the match, thanks to Mr Weasley, who had helped Ludo Bagman, Head of the Department of Magical Games and Sports, out of a messy problem. During the match Ron watched Viktor Krum, the Bulgarian Seeker, play an excellent match and catch the Snitch. Even though Krum caught the Snitch the Irish National Quidditch Team still won the match.[28]  Ron, Harry, and Hermione after the riot at the Quidditch World Cup That night, while the Irish supporters were still awake celebrating their victory, trouble began. Some Death Eaters who had managed to avoid imprisonment in Azkaban, attacked the camp where Ron and his friends and family were staying. Mr Weasley ordered Ron, Harry, Hermione, Fred, George, and Ginny to get to safety, while he and the older Weasley children set off to help the Ministry of Magic. Fred and George were responsible for Ginny's safety, which left the trio to themselves.[28]  Running off into the woods, Ron, Hermione, and Harry quickly lost Fred, George and Ginny, but they did find Draco Malfoy. Malfoy meanly suggested that Hermione, being a Muggle-Born, could easily be targeted by the Death Eaters, causing Ron to insist that she and Harry join him in going deeper into the
woods. Soon they reached a patch of woods giving off a silver glow, where the trio found a few Veela witches surrounded by admirers. Ron was entranced and stated that he would create a broom that would fly to space. They had reached an empty clearing when they heard an unknown person cast the Dark Mark.[28]  The trio during a Defence Against the Dark Arts lesson on the Unforgivable Curses On 1 September, Ron and his friends departed for Hogwarts aboard the Hogwarts Express. That evening at the Welcoming Feast, Dumbledore announced that Hogwarts would host the Triwizard Tournament. Ron found himself caught up in dreams of being a Triwizard Champion, but he was snapped back to reality by his fourth year classes. In Care of Magical Creatures, Hagrid had his students tending to Blast-Ended Skrewts, and in Defence Against the Dark Arts, Ron was impressed by the new professor, "Mad-Eye" Moody, when he taught the class about the three Unforgivable Curses.  It was announced that the students from the Durmstrang Institute and Beauxbatons Academy of Magic would be arriving at Hogwarts on 30 October. Ron was dumbstruck when he saw Viktor Krum among the Durmstrang students, not realising how young his hero was. He was disappointed when Krum sat among the Slytherin students.[28]  An angry Ron and an upset Hermione watching as Harry's name came out of the Goblet of Fire Having discussed the possibility of somehow outsmarting the Goblet of Fire and the Age Line that Dumbledore had cast around it, Ron was surprised to find that Harry's name had come out of the Goblet of Fire. Jealous of the fact that Harry always seemed to receive all the attention, Ron refused to accept that Harry didn't put his name in the cup. He even went as far as to accuse Harry of cheating his way into the tournament. After the argument, he and Harry stopped talking to each other, and Ron began hanging out with other Gryffindors like Dean Thomas and Seamus Finnigan.[28]  Ron and others watching Harry participate in the first task When Ron heard Harry talking to someone one night, he went down to see who it was since Harry didn't tell him about such a thing. When Harry accused Ron of trying to spy on him and when he told him who he talked to was none of Ron's business, Ron was deeply offended to the point where he tried to get Harry to tell him whom he was talking to by accusing him of practising for an interview. This only made Harry throw one of Draco Malfoy's "Potter Stinks" badges at him and tell him he could wear that during the First Task of the Triwizard Tournament. This made Ron finally realise that the reason Harry had started avoiding him was because Harry felt betrayed by him to the point where he had lost Harry's trust and respect and Harry no longer saw him as a friend, a realisation that deeply hurt Ron.[28]  Ron and Harry did not talk to
each other again until after the First Task. After seeing just how much danger was involved in the task, Ron realised Harry would never have put his own name into the Goblet of Fire, and the two became best friends once again.[28]  Ron wearing his more traditional dress robes Soon after the First Task, Professor McGonagall told Ron and the other Gryffindor boys about the traditional Yule Ball, held during the Triwizard Tournament. While all students above fourth year scampered around trying to find dates, Ron and Harry found it hard to ask girls to the ball. Struck by the beauty and charm of Fleur Delacour, the Triwizard Champion from Beauxbatons Academy and a part-Veela witch, Ron asked her to attend the ball with him, but fled in embarrassment without waiting for an answer. He also offended Hermione by not asking her, and then by suggesting that she did not have a date and thus could accompany him.  Ron with his date at the Yule Ball Harry was eventually able to get them both dates with twins Parvati and Padma Patil. Ron's evening was a fiasco of the first sort. His "traditional" dress robes embarrassed him and his date, Padma Patil, and when Ron saw Hermione with Viktor Krum, he became intensely jealous. This led to a blazing argument between them during the end of the ball, with Ron making comments about Krum being too old for her and Hermione accusing him of ruining everything. Though their friendship did not suffer, it was clear that both had developed feelings for each other.[28]  During the Yule Ball, Ron had overheard Hagrid telling the Beaubaxtons Headmistress Olympe Maxime that he was half-giant. This information was also overheard by Daily Prophet Reporter Rita Skeeter, who wrote an article telling the wizarding world of Hagrid's heritage. This drove Hagrid to stop teaching for a time until Ron, Harry, and Hermione told him that they he was still their friend, no matter what.[28]  Harry retrieving a captive Ron during the second task On 24 February, Ron was put into an enchanted sleep and tied up at the bottom of the Black Lake, to be "rescued" by Harry as part of the second task of the Triwizard Tournament. When he found out that Harry had stayed behind to save Fleur's sister Gabrielle Delacour as well, Ron jokingly took him to task, but was impressed when Harry was given extra points for "outstanding moral fibre".  Fleur thanked Ron and Harry in turn for helping save Gabrielle, kissing both of them on the cheek. Ron gained much attention from the other students due to his being taken hostage for the task. He proceeded to exaggerate the events of what happened until Hermione called him on it.[28]  Early in the spring, Ron joined Harry and Hermione in visiting Sirius Black, who had taken to hiding in Hogsmeade. There, they discussed the disappearances of Ministry officials Barty Crouch Snr and Bertha Jorkins. In the weeks leading up to the final tournament task, Ron and Hermione helped
Harry prepare by researching and trying out different jinxes and other helpful spells for the task. Ron and Hermione watched Harry together from the sidelines.[28]  Ron was present when the Minister for Magic visited Harry in the hospital wing They were shocked when Harry returned with Cedric Diggory's dead body. Ron was relieved to see Harry when he was brought to the infirmary by Professor Dumbledore, eagerly wanted to question Harry about Diggory, but he was told off by Molly Weasley who, along with his brother Bill Weasley, had come to watch Harry. Ron was furious with the Minister for Magic, Cornelius Fudge, when he refused to believe Harry and Dumbledore, and calmed Molly when she was shocked by Black's appearance in the room. Ron did not go against Harry's story when he finally heard it, sticking by his best friend.[28]  Ron with others in 12 Grimmauld Place preparing to clean After Voldemort rose to power and the Second Wizarding War began, Dumbledore reformed the Order of the Phoenix. In the summer of 1995, the Order moved into their headquarters at 12 Grimmauld Place with the Weasley schoolchildren and Hermione Granger, where they helped Molly Weasley clean the old house and remained watchful for information about Harry. In August, Harry arrived at the headquarters after a Dementor attack on his cousin. Ron felt sorry that he had to keep Harry oblivious to the Order's plan and soon learnt that Harry's anger had been growing due to his isolation from his friends and his persecution by the media.[7]  Ron, Harry and Hermione stayed at Grimmauld Place throughout August. In late August, Ron and Hermione were made a Gryffindor prefect, for which Molly and Arthur gave Ron a new Cleansweep Eleven. Bound by their prefect duties, Ron and Hermione were separated from Harry on the Hogwarts Express and could only join Harry in his compartment for the last part of the journey. When they arrived, Ron expressed concern that Hagrid was not at the welcoming feast and was suspicious of the new Defence Against the Dark Arts professor, Dolores Umbridge.[7]  The first DADA class with Umbridge as the professor At school, Ron was one of the many students who expressed frustration with Professor Umbridge's refusal to teach the class practical defensive magic. He also won the position of Keeper on the Gryffindor Quidditch team but was described by the team captain as "needing improvement". Ron's Quidditch practice caused him to fall behind in his schoolwork, to Hermione's chagrin. Soon, Ron's brother Percy Weasley sent him a letter advising him not to remain friends with Harry, whom he accused of being mad for supporting Dumbledore.[7] Ron was outraged by the letter's contents, tearing it into eight pieces and throwing it into the Gryffindor common room's fireplace, angrily declaring his brother to be "the world's biggest git".  Late in September, one evening when Harry returned from detention with Professor Umbridge, Ron, somewhat reluctantly, joined Hermione in convincing that Harry teach his fellow students defence against the dark arts. Harry initially disagreed,
but after a few days he decided to give it a go. Around this time, Professor Umbridge was appointed the first Hogwarts High Inquisitor, giving her the power to randomly create new school rules and inspect teachers' lessons.[7]  Ron during the meeting of students in the Hog's Head that would become known as Dumbledore's Army Late in October, students had their first visit to Hogsmeade. There, Harry, Ron, and Hermione met with several students who were interested in learning proper defence. Ron defended Harry against Zacharias Smith when questions rose, and was among the first to sign the recruitment parchment. On the way home from Hogsmeade, Ron became upset when he learned from Hermione that his sister Ginny was dating Ravenclaw student Michael Corner. The following morning, Ron awoke to find that suddenly, by order of Professor Umbridge, all student groups had been disbanded including the House Quidditch teams, but he was mollified when Harry said they would continue with their secret group, which Ginny named "Dumbledore's Army" during their first meeting, mocking the Ministry of Magic's fears of student uprisings.[7]  In the weeks following the first Dumbledore's Army meeting, Quidditch season arrived. Ron had nervous issues prior to the first match against Slytherin. They had made badges saying "Weasley is our king", which Harry decided could not mean anything good. In an attempt to distract Ron from the Slytherins, Hermione kissed him on the cheek for luck, effectively stunning Ron. Ron's play was abysmal, and it was not helped by the Slytherins' new song also entitled, "Weasley is Our King". Following the game Ron wanted to resign, but learned he could not, as Harry Potter, Fred, and George Weasley had been banned from Quidditch for life.  Hagrid telling Harry, Ron, and Hermione of his negotiations with the giants That evening Hagrid returned from his unknown disappearance. Although initially resistant he regaled the trio with his tales of the giants, though he refused to give them any hint about his gruesome injuries from Golgomath's tribe. Ultimately Hagrid's mission was a failure.[7]  Following Hagrid's return, he took up his post as Care of Magical Creatures professor. In Hagrid's first lesson, Ron learned about Thestrals, magical creatures that could only be seen by wizards and witches who had witnessed death.[7]  Harry informing the Weasleys of their father's attack at the Ministry Frequent Dumbledore's Army meetings, O.W.L. homework, and his prefect duties took up most of Ron's time as the holidays approached. Following the last meeting of the term, Ron was amazed at Harry's "romantic" tale, earning him a stern talking to from Hermione who suggested that Ron had "the emotional range of a teaspoon". That night, Harry witnessed Ron's father, Arthur Weasley, being attacked by Lord Voldemort's snake, Nagini. When Harry's story was confirmed by Dumbledore and McGonagall, Ron, his siblings, and Harry were immediately sent to the Order's Headquarters, so they could look in on their father's convalescence, and there they spent the Christmas holidays, joined by Hermione the next day.[7]  Ron with siblings Fred, George and
Ginny practising with the D.A. During their first trip to St Mungo's Hospital, Ron overheard "Mad Eye" Moody thinking that Harry had been possessed by Voldemort. Ron was worried when Harry became quiet after the visit and wanted to talk to Harry about it. He got his chance after Hermione arrived and convinced Harry to come downstairs. Ron, Hermione, and Ginny told Harry how worried they had been and managed to confess that he was not being possessed. They had an enjoyable holiday, but on their second visit to the hospital, Ron learned the truth about the torture of Neville Longbottom's parents.[7]  Ron conjuring his Patronus Throughout the term, Ron continued to learn defensive and offensive magic from Harry. He also stayed on the Gryffindor Quidditch team, despite his very poor performances. Due to Quidditch, he missed the Valentine's Day visit to Hogsmeade. Though, he was impressed that Harry went public and hopeful that people might believe Harry when The Quibbler came out. Soon, Umbridge managed to sack Professor Trelawney, but her ability to name a replacement was pre-empted when Dumbledore arranged to have Firenze the Centaur teach the subject. Umbridge was affronted by this new staffing appointment.[7]  Ron and others watching as Fred and George openly mocked Umbridge's authority Soon after Trelawney's sacking, Marietta Edgecombe, a friend of Ravenclaw Student Cho Chang's who only reluctantly joined Dumbledore's Army, told Umbridge about the group, but was unable to give up any pertinent information once she saw a jinx activate on her face. Ron was able to escape when Umbridge, raided the Dumbledore's Army headquarters, but he was incensed when Professor Dumbledore was forced out of the school. He was also wary when his brothers Fred and George Weasley said they were going to do their part for Professor Dumbledore. After Fred and George's secret escape from Hogwarts, Ron was certain that his mother would blame him, but he was saved from this fate when Harry revealed that it was he who financed Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes.[7]  Ron played in the final Quidditch match of the season, though Harry and Hermione did not watch, as Hagrid finally revealed the source of his injuries to them. Ron played better, and Gryffindor won the Quidditch Cup. Ron was unable to settle to his studies the following day, but Harry and Hermione brought him down with Hagrid's secret injuries.[7]  Ron and other D.A. members being held captive by Umbridge Shortly thereafter, their Ordinary Wizarding Level exams were upon them. Ron managed to do very well, but he made a few mistakes. During their final exam, Harry dozed off and had another vision. This time, he saw Sirius being tortured by Voldemort in the Ministry. When Harry told Ron and Hermione of this they were wary, and Hermione suggested that Harry try to contact Sirius first. Ron ran off to distract Umbridge, but the plan failed, and Ron and his friends were rounded up and taken to Umbridge's office. There, Ron, Ginny, Neville, and Luna Lovegood managed to fight off Umbridge and her Slytherin
Guards and escape to find Harry and Hermione outside the forest.  Ron, Luna, Neville, Harry, Hermione, and Ginny in the Death Chamber Ron insisted that he join Harry in rescuing Sirius, but also insisted that the rest remain behind, but realised when many Thestrals appeared. When Harry led them into the Department of Mysteries, Ron stuck with him into the deepest recesses of the Department. There, the six Dumbledore's Army members were ambushed by twelve Death Eaters, led by wizarding aristocrat Lucius Malfoy, and Ron helped defend the prophecy Harry took from the Hall of Prophecy, but his fight was soon over as a Death Eater had wiped his brains. Ron was so confused that he summoned a tentacled-brain from a vat in the Thought Chamber and was attacked by it, but soon recovered later on. Ron was devastated by Sirius's death, but made sure that Sirius's death was not discussed around Harry.  During the summer following the battle, Ron learned he had received seven O.W.L.s, only failing Divination and History of Magic. Ron explained he did not mind, as he, like Harry, didn't like those subjects very much, anyway. Also during that summer, Ron learned that his brother Bill was engaged to Fleur Delacour. While this annoyed his mother, sister, and later Hermione, Ron took to defending Fleur and if she surprised him, he would still take on that dumbstruck look. His soft spot for Fleur particularly annoyed Hermione, who was finding it harder to keep her feelings for him under wraps.  Ron and others visiting Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes When Ron and Hermione learned that Harry was in fact the "Chosen One", Ron remained at Harry's side.[10] Ron, Hermione, Harry, Ginny, Molly, and Arthur also visited the twins shop Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes. Ron was impressed with the shop and the twin's flair for business. He attempted to take some products, but was told to put them back after he revealed he had no currency. The trio also followed Draco Malfoy and learned that he wanted something repaired and that he put something else on hold.  Ron trying out as Keeper for the Gryffindor Quidditch team Ron would suffer much personal turmoil in his sixth year. Harry was named Gryffindor team captain. Ron was nervous about Quidditch try-outs, but beat out Cormac McLaggen in saves, partly because Hermione cast a Confundus Charm on McLaggen in retaliation for him insulting Ron and Ginny. He was also envious when Harry and Hermione were invited to the Slug Club, while the new Potions professor Horace Slughorn ignored him, and when attention was paid to him, Slughorn usually got his name wrong.  During this time, Ron showed brief flashes of jealousy about Harry and Hermione's closeness. He would take exception whenever Hermione complimented Harry on something Ron thought was equally due to him. Ron was temporarily mollified about this when Hermione asked if he would like to attend the club's Christmas party with her, and he agreed, but thought it was only as friends.[10]  Ron playing as Keeper against Slytherin
in the first match of the year Ron was also worried over his sister's increasing involvement with boys, and after stumbling upon her kissing Dean Thomas, he blew up at her. In retaliation, Ginny belittled him for his complete inexperience with the opposite gender, declaring that Harry and Hermione had also snogged people. The siblings treated each other coldly afterwards, and Ron was so bothered by this — and by the revelation that Hermione had kissed Viktor Krum almost two years earlier — that he began to perform poorly in Quidditch.  He also began to treat Hermione with a cold indifference, which confused her. He even offered to resign from the team. To boost his confidence, Harry pretended to pour the Felix Felicis into Ron's Pumpkin juice at breakfast. Harry even allowed Hermione to see the vial, so she would object to the cheating. This convinced Ron that he had an edge in the game, which caused him to play excellently. However, when after the match Harry revealed it was a trick, Ron rounded on Hermione and accused her of having no faith in his abilities.[10]  Ron dating classmate Lavender Brown Shortly thereafter, Ron began his exhibitionist relationship with Lavender Brown. Hermione, incredibly angry and hurt by Ron's vindictive actions, conjured a flock of canaries to attack him; the birds scratched Ron badly. Although he did not report this, he spent a long time ranting about her violent and hypocritical act, and he and Hermione stopped talking to each other after that. When Hermione attended the Slug Club's Christmas party, she had originally wanted to attend with Ron but went with his hated rival, Cormac McLaggen, while Ron snogged Lavender in public and made fun of Hermione's behaviour in Transfiguration class, reducing her to tears.[10]  By Christmas break, however, Ron was becoming disenchanted with his relationship with Lavender, who had become increasingly possessive, annoyed him with the nickname "Won-Won", and gave him a gift of a necklace that said "My Sweetheart". Hermione did not come to The Burrow for the holidays as she usually did, and Ron made an attempt to speak to her after returning to school, but she ignored him.[10]  Ron having a fit after ingesting the poisoned mead On 1 March 1997, Ron ate chocolate that he believed to be one of the presents for his 17th birthday, but was in fact a gift from Romilda Vane to Harry spiked with a love potion. He found the box on the floor after Harry had chucked it out of his trunk thinking in was apart of his pile of presents by the foot of his bed. Upon ingesting the chocolate, Ron became maddened with an obsessive need to see and be with Romilda. Harry thinking fast proceeded to take Ron to Slughorn's office to get an antidote. When in Slughorn's office while Harry attempted to get Slughorn in a good mood hoping to get the true memory from him, Ron was nearly killed by poisoned mead intended for Albus Dumbledore. Harry managed to save Ron with
a bezoar. The bezoar was one Slughorn had in his kit taken from a previous potions lesson. If it wasn't for Harry's timely actions and quick thinking Ron would have died.[35]  A poisoned Ron being attended by Madam Pomfrey A panic-stricken Hermione arrived at the Hospital Wing, forgetting her anger with him. Ron said Hermione's name in his sleep upon hearing her speak for the first time all day, and the two quietly reconciled after his near-death experience. Ron also took to feigning sleep whenever Lavender tried to visit him. He remained in the hospital the following week and was not able to play Keeper on Saturday 8 March for the Gryffindor vs Hufflepuff Quidditch match.[36]  On Monday 10 March Ron and Harry, who suffered a cracked skull from a mishit Bludger during the match, were able to leave the hospital wing, although Ron did not tell Lavender this.[37] His subsequent avoidance of Lavender and simultaneous spending more time with Hermione made Lavender suspicious; after she spotted him and Hermione leaving the boys' dormitories, seemingly alone (Harry was with them, but under his Cloak of Invisibility), Lavender ended the relationship, much to Ron's relief.  Ron suggesting that Harry use Felix Felicis to retrieve the memory Ron also had the idea of using Felix Felicis to retrieve Slughorn's true memory, while he and Hermione were preparing for their Apparition test. A little later, Ron was suitably impressed when Harry told him and Hermione how he managed to obtain the Horcrux memory from Professor Slughorn. A few weeks later, when Harry used Sectumsempra on Draco Malfoy, Ron lent his potions book to Harry, so Professor Snape would not confiscate the Half-Blood Prince's book.[10] Ron did not endorsee what Harry did to Malfoy, but he did not consider it that bad. He took this stance because Malfoy healed okay and did not sustain any lasting damage. Ron also understood why Harry wanted the Half-Blood Prince's book back.  The funeral of Albus Dumbledore On the night of the Battle of the Astronomy Tower, Ron took Felix Felicis on Harry's instructions, along with Hermione and Ginny. Those three were joined by Neville Longbottom and Luna Lovegood, whom Hermione had summoned using the D.A. coins. While Hermione and Luna monitored Professor Snape's office, Ron and the others watched the Room of Requirement. Ron fought in the battle and survived without any major injuries, thanks to the Felix Felicis.  He was shaken by his oldest brother Bill's scarring at the hands of the vicious werewolf Fenrir Greyback. Shortly afterwards, Ron attended the funeral of Albus Dumbledore, where he comforted a sobbing Hermione. He and Hermione informed Harry of their intention to accompany him on a quest to locate and destroy the Horcruxes of Lord Voldemort, forgoing their seventh year of school.[10]  The Weasley's ghoul transfigured and sick looking During the summer of 1997, Ron began planning ahead for his mission with Harry and Hermione. With the help of his father and Fred and George Weasley, Ron transfigured the family ghoul to resemble himself
sick with spattergroit, which would serve as his alibi for not attending his seventh year of Hogwarts while travelling with his friends.[9] Mrs Weasley was unware of this plan, as she was in denial about the trio's plans to drop out of Hogwarts.  The seven Harrys and their protectors preparing to take off In late July, he participated in the Order's operation to remove Harry from his childhood home, taking Polyjuice Potion to be one of the "seven Potters." He flew with Nymphadora Tonks; they were pursued by at least three Death Eaters during the battle, including Bellatrix and Rodolphus Lestrange. Ron stunned one of the Death Eaters in the face while flying. Ron reassured Hermione by nuzzling her back slightly upon landing as she had been quite worried about him and he was saddened at the death of "Mad-Eye" Moody. He was also saddened by the death of Harry's beloved pet owl Hedwig, over which he comforted Harry. Ron became concerned when Harry had a vision of an imprisoned Garrick Ollivander being brutally tortured by Lord Voldemort in the cellar at Malfoy Manor.[9]  Ron, Harry, and Hermione during the reading of Albus Dumbledore's will Once Ron, Harry, and Hermione were all convened at The Burrow, they made plans to leave, much to the displeasure of Ron's worried mother. During the preparations for Bill's wedding, Mrs Weasley set Ron, Harry, and Hermione to separate tasks to prevent them from planning. On Harry's seventeenth birthday, Ron gave Harry a copy of Twelve Fail-Safe Ways to Charm Witches. Later that evening, Minister for Magic Rufus Scrimgeour visited The Burrow to dispense the contents of Dumbledore's will. He questioned the trio, and Ron let slip that they had no idea why Dumbledore would bequeath anything to him. Ron received Dumbledore's Deluminator.[9]  Kingsley warning the wedding attendees that the Ministry had fallen The trio attended the wedding for which, all summer, they had been forced to prepare The Burrow; the marrying couple was Ron's older brother Bill to Fleur Delacour on 1 August. Ron was irked and jealous that Viktor Krum was a guest, especially since he immediately complimented Hermione, who Ron quickly asked to dance shortly afterwards. When Viktor Krum asked who he thought was Barny Weasley (though it was really Harry in disguise) about the pair, he was somewhat disappointed to learn that they were "sort of" together, but not officially a couple.[9]  Ron casting a Stunning Spell in the café while battling Death Eaters The celebrations were interrupted with the news that the Ministry of Magic had fallen to Voldemort, and Hermione Disapparated herself, Ron, and Harry away from the danger to Tottenham Court Road. This was the starting point to the trio's adventure and search for the Horcruxes they needed to bring down Lord Voldemort. After they arrived at Luchino café they were ambushed by Death Eaters Antonin Dolohov and Thorfinn Rowle there and a skirmish broke out. After stunning and wiping the memories of the Death Eaters, the trio took refuge in Harry's inherited house 12 Grimmauld
Place left to him by Sirius Black.[9]  Mundungus talking to the trio about the Horcrux locket There, the trio learned from Kreacher that Regulus Black had stolen the Horcrux Voldemort had made of Slytherin's Locket in 1979, and that it had been stolen from 12 Grimmauld Place by Mundungus Fletcher. Under interrogation, he informed them that the locket was now in the possession of Dolores Umbridge.[9]  While they were waiting for Kreacher to fetch Mundungus, they were visited by Remus Lupin. He informed the trio about the goings on in the wider wizarding world. He told them that Harry was now the most wanted wizard in Britain and that Muggle-born witches and wizards were being rounded up. Ron immediately said that he would vouch for Hermione.[9]  The trio disguised during their infiltration of the ministry, Ron being on the far right They formulated a plan to infiltrate the Ministry, involving the use of Polyjuice Potion to assume the forms of Ministry employees Reginald Cattermole, Albert Runcorn and Mafalda Hopkirk. Ron, disguised as Reginald Cattermole, quickly found himself forced to separate from his friends, as Death Eater and new head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, Yaxley, demanded that "Cattermole" fix the rain in his office.[9]  Ron was in over his head, but may have found a solution to the problem after asking Arthur, who had no idea of Ron's true identity, for help. The trio reunited after Harry and Hermione stole the locket from Umbridge and freed some Muggle-born witches and wizards being held by the Muggle-Born Registration Commission, and then escaped, but were forced to abandon Grimmauld Place as a hideout. Ron splinched himself during their escape into the countryside and was weakened by his injury. After receiving some treatment from Hermione, Ron fretted over the fate of the Cattermoles.[9]  Ron and Harry fighting right before Ron abandoned the Horcrux hunt Afterward, weeks passed with no further progress. This, as well as the locket's negative influence, caused great tension and animosity amongst the group of friends. When he wore the locket, Ron was sullen and suspicious, lashing out at his friends and continuously complaining. Ron abruptly abandoned his friends one evening after getting into a fight with Harry over the additional task of locating Godric Gryffindor's Sword in order to destroy the locket. He accused Harry of having no plan and of not being very concerned about Ginny, whom they had learned was punished back at Hogwarts. When Ron asked if Hermione was going with him and she told him that she was staying, he accused her of choosing Harry over him, and left, despite Hermione screaming and crying for him to come back.[9]  As soon as he was outside the influence of the Horcrux, Ron came to his senses and tried to return. However, he had a run-in with Snatchers first, who interrogated him. Ron claimed to be Stan Shunpike, and then took an opportunity to escape. He apparated numerous times to try to find Harry and Hermione, splinching fingernails off at one
point, but could not find them. He then went to stay with Bill and Fleur at their new home, Shell Cottage. Soon after Christmas, Ron used the Deluminator Dumbledore bequeathed him to locate his friends.[9]  Ron returning to the hunt and destroying the locket Horcrux Ron made his way to the Forest of Dean, where he arrived just in time to rescue Harry from drowning in a semi-frozen pond. When Ron attempted to use Godric Gryffindor's Sword to destroy the locket, horrible incorporeal images of Harry and Hermione came forth which cruelly mocked Ron about his many insecurities, including his fears that Hermione would choose Harry over him. This brought Ron to the point of tears. However, Ron, in a fit of rage, successfully stabbed the Horcrux with Godric Gryffindor's Sword.[9]  Afterwards, Harry took Ron aside to assuage his fears about Harry and Hermione. Saving Harry's life earned him Harry's forgiveness, but Hermione — who was unaware of what the Horcrux had done — was still furious with him for his abandonment for some time and attacked him mercilessly upon sight until Harry cast a Shield Charm to stop her.[9]  Upon his return, Ron was happy to the point of giddiness, because he thought that they had an ally out there somewhere. He sought to hide this happiness when around Hermione in an act of contrition. When Hermione proposed a trip to the Lovegood's house to investigate a recurring symbol, Ron wholeheartedly agreed. Harry privately accused Ron of only agreeing to get back on Hermione's good side, a fact that he did not deny stating, "All's fair in love and war, and this is a bit of both."[9]  The trio speaking with Xenophilius Lovegood at his home, near the village of Ottery St Catchpole The trio learned of the existence of the Deathly Hallows from Xenophilius Lovegood. Xenophilius, worried for his daughter Luna, who was being held hostage by Death Eaters, tried to capture the trio. They narrowly escaped, Hermione engineering it in a way that preserved Ron's alibi of being sick at home. While Harry obsessed over the Hallows, Ron and Hermione thought they should focus on finding the Horcruxes, as Dumbledore had instructed them. During Harry's period of listless obsession, Ron's leadership qualities began to show. He suggested that they search many wizarding settlements for clues if only to be in motion and actively searching.[9]  Ron and Hermione held captive at the Malfoy Manor During the Easter holidays of 1998, the trio was captured by a gang of Snatchers led by Fenrir Greyback after Harry accidentally broke the Taboo on Voldemort's name. Hermione hit Harry in the face with a Stinging Hex in order to disguise him. Harry, Hermione, and Ron quickly lied and gave fake names; Harry being Vernon Dudley, Hermione being Penelope Clearwater, and Ron being Stan Shunpike. Ron was beaten (his mouth extremely bloody) and was then forced to use another name, Barny Weasley. This was due to the Snatchers already knowing who Stan Shunpike was. The Snatchers also found Godric Gryffindor's
sword in their tent, there was no explaining that.[9]  They were then brought to Malfoy Manor, where Lucius Malfoy attempted to get his son to identify Harry. Draco said that he did not know whether it was Harry or not, but immediately recognised Ron and Hermione. The trio then meet with Bellatrix Lestrange, whom separated them. Ron tried to persuade Bellatrix to take him for questioning instead of Hermione. She responded that she would interrogate him next if Hermione died during questioning, as "blood-traitor was next to mud-blood in her book". Ron was forced into the dungeon with Harry, Dean Thomas, and the goblin Griphook. In the dungeon they found Luna and Mr Ollivander, whom were captured in 1996.[9]  Dobby dropping the chandelier, allowing the prisoners time to escape Hermione was kept upstairs and tortured by Bellatrix, her screams reducing Ron to tears. The group was saved by Dobby, who was sent by Aberforth Dumbledore. He freed Harry and Ron to run upstairs to save Hermione, who managed to lie under torture about where they had obtained Gryffindor's Sword. Ron disarmed Bellatrix after she avoided a chandelier dropped by Dobby, and pulled Hermione from the wreckage of the fallen chandelier, Disapparating them both to Bill and Fleur's home Shell Cottage. They stayed there with Luna, Fleur, Bill, Mr Ollivander, and Griphook. He attended the burial of Dobby, where he humbly gave him his shoes and socks.[9]  The trio speaking with Griphook about what lay within the Lestrange Vault at Gringotts At the cottage Hermione recovered and she, Ron, and Harry planned to break into Gringotts Wizarding Bank in order to take Hufflepuff's Cup, and a Horcrux, within the Lestrange Vault. Griphook the goblin agreed to help them in exchange for Gryffindor's Sword. Ron, knowing that the sword was needed to destroy Horcruxes was reluctant to let Harry part with it. Harry suggested that they delay handing the sword over until the Horcruxes were destroyed. As the planning went forward, Ron along with Harry and Hermione found Griphook to be increasingly distasteful.[9]  Ron and Hermione, disguised as Dragomir Despard and Bellatrix Lestrange On the morning of 1 May 1998, they broke into Gringotts with Hermione disguised as Bellatrix Lestrange, Ron as a fictional foreign wizard named "Dragomir Despard", and Harry under his Invisibility Cloak with Griphook. As they were headed down into the vaults, the Gringotts defences (the Thief's Downfall in particular) were set against them, and Ron's disguise melted away. Once in the vault, it was discovered that all the treasure had Geminio and Flagrante curses put on them. Although they were betrayed by Griphook, the trio obtained Helga Hufflepuff's cup and escaped the wizarding bank on the back of a dragon.[9]  The trio Apparating into Hogsmeade before the start of the final battle After getting off the dragon escaping from the wizarding bank, Ron saw Harry having one of his visions. He was told that Lord Voldemort finally knew that they were hunting Horcruxes and that the final one was at Hogwarts. Harry, Ron, and Hermione
apparated under the invisibility cloak to Hogsmeade looking for a way into Hogwarts. They were soon cornered by Death Eaters set to watch the town. Ron drew his wand ready to fight them, but Harry suggested that advantage lay in stealth and that attacking would give away their position. Once the Death Eaters ordered Dementors to search the town for the trio, Harry was forced to perform the Patronus Charm. After Harry's Patronus chased away the Dementors the trio found refuge in the Hog's Head.[9]  A heated discussion with the proprietor followed, who turned out to be Aberforth Dumbledore. The discussion revolved around Harry's mission and the seeming defeat of the Order of the Phoenix. After this they were lead into Hogwarts by a badly beaten Neville Longbottom, whom in Harry's absence became the de facto leader of the D.A. They arrived in the Room of Requirement and found that the reformed Dumbledore's Army was hiding out there. Harry whom had developed trust issues, did not like the idea of allowing the other DA members to help. Ron persuaded Harry to let the others do so anyway.[9]  Hermione and Ron destroying the cup in the Chamber While Harry searched for Ravenclaw's Diadem, Ron and Hermione entered the Chamber of Secrets to retrieve basilisk fangs. Ron mimicked the Parseltongue he had heard Harry use to open Salazar Slytherin's locket and succeeded in gaining entrance to the Chamber. Hermione used the fangs to destroy the Horcrux of Hufflepuff's Cup, and they then reunited with Harry. When Ron expressed desire to evacuate the house-elves from the Kitchens, Hermione, who had always been concerned for creatures so often mistreated by society, was so touched that she ran, nuzzled and kissed him, much to Ron's delight. However, their kiss was interrupted by Harry, who pointed out that there was a war going on and that they could carry on later, to which Ron pointed out there might not be later.[9]  Hermione and Ron running from the towering flames Harry, Ron, and Hermione entered the Room of Requirement to find Ravenclaw's diadem, but were ambushed by Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle. When Crabbe unleashed a cursed fire, the trio escaped by means of broomsticks; Harry saved Draco, and Ron and Hermione saved Goyle. They then witnessed the death of Ron's brother Fred in combat, which devastated Ron, who wanted revenge. Hermione managed to calm him by reminding him that they would have to fight on their way to finding Nagini, Voldemort's final Horcrux. The trio made their way to the Shrieking Shack, and witnessed the snake kill Severus Snape on Voldemort's orders. While dying, Severus Snape's memories leaked out of him, which Harry collected into a glass phial to latter view in the headmaster's office.[9]  Ron witnessing Harry's final defeat of Lord Voldemort During the pause in the Battle of Hogwarts, Ron went to the Great Hall, where Bill comforted him over Fred's death and Hermione comforted Ginny. Harry went up to Dumbledore's office and emptied Snape's memories into the Pensieve. He entered the Pensieve
and finally learned the truth of it all. After emerging from the Pensieve, he made use of the distraction to slip out and confront Voldemort. Following his alleged death, the battle resumed, and Ron and Neville Longbottom brought Fenrir Greyback down together. Ron witnessed Harry defeat Lord Voldemort once and for all, and survived the battle without serious injury.[9]  The trio joining the Ministry, creating a new world Ron never received a seventh year of education at Hogwarts. Instead of completing his education, he moved on to become an Auror (along with Harry) at the Ministry of Magic, where he helped track down and capture those of Lord Voldemort's supporters that had gone into hiding, or else feigned innocence or ignorance whilst having actually cooperated and willingly supported his regime.[27] Two years after he started at the Auror Office, he left to help his brother George at Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes in Diagon Alley, although he retained strong ties in the Ministry, and their work revolutionised both the Auror department and the institution at large, and along with Hermione, the trio helped "make a new world" for the wizarding community.[38]  His decision to do so was questioned by Rita Skeeter, who thought that Ron was tired of standing in Harry's shadow, and wrote in her gossip column that Ron was likely mentally ill (this must, of course, be taken with more than a small pinch of salt due to Rita's habit of writing scathing lies in articles), having said himself that the Horcrux hunt had "took its toll" on him.[25]  Harry, Ron, and Hermione as adults after the war Sometime between 1998 and 2006, Ron married Hermione, and later the couple had two children: Rose and Hugo. Ron was also the godfather and uncle of Harry and Ginny's oldest son. At some point, Ron, Harry, and Hermione were all featured on Chocolate Frog Cards for their accomplishments, which Ron considered his "finest hour".[39]  Ron himself noted that he and Hermione were quite young when they were married and that he became rather drunk afterward, having very little memory of the night after the ceremony.[40]  Ron stopping by at the Deathday Party On 31 October 2009, Ron came back to Hogwarts to bring his Deluminator to Headmistress McGonagall so she could take another look at it. On the way there, he travelled past London and used the Deluminator to collect the lights of half a street. When he arrived, he happened to be attracted to Nicholas de Mimsy-Porpington's Deathday Party, where he talked to an unidentified student and showed them the Deluminator. When Peeves caused the lights in the party hall to go out, Ron encouraged the student to use the Deluminator to restore the lights.[41]  Seeing the ghosts at the party also inspired Ron to develop with George a banquet platter that looked and smelled bad (which might be appealing to ghosts) but tasted fresh when taken off of the plates. Several days later, he met the unidentified student again at Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes, and they talked
about the ghosts as well as the unfinished banquet platter.[42]  Ron with others at the end of the battle During the 2010–2011 school year, Ron came back again to his alma mater to join the defence force against Dementors and other Dark creatures when they attempted to attack the castle. He was seen putting up and reinforcing the spherical shield around the castle with students and staff, and he also participated in the big battle that ended the attacks. He discussed with Harry, Hermione and the staff about the cause of the attacks afterwards, and when Harry said he had an idea, Ron guessed that he meant the Death Eaters, though it was not what Harry had in mind.[43]  The student and Ron at Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes Ron was looking after Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes one day when the unidentified student visited again, and he introduced several products to them such as the Wildfire Whiz-bangs, trick wands and Skiving Snackboxes and told stories about them. For the last one, he showed them the Canary Cream, and they both ate it and briefly turned into canaries. The student asked if there were other flavours of it, and Ron took it to be a good advice to develop more flavours to mix into other food or tempt others into eating, joking that he would eat a drumstick-flavoured biscuit at once.[44]  George, Ron and the student at Zonko's Another time, Ron and George followed the student into Zonko's Joke Shop while debating about whether old joke products could still become a big sale. The student recognised them, and Ron argued that products like Dungbombs were classics for a reason, and if Zonko's was able to sell them well, so could they. George demanded evidence from him, and the student suggested they learn from their customers about their preferences. The brothers then started a fight that involved different kinds of pranks to determine what people liked more.[45] After George invited Harry with selling the products, Ron became upset and invited Hermione, who was unable to decline.[46] At the end, George asked Ron to summarise the results of the questionnaires, but neither of them kept record. Ron wondered how they could know the winner, and felt it would be better if Fred was there, who he believed was more thoughtful and quick to action, though George reckoned both of them were better at those than Ron. They reminisced about Fred, and were joined by the student's friends.[47]  Ron, Hermione and their children Rose and Hugo all attended the final of the 427th Quidditch World Cup in the Patagonian Desert in July 2014, alongside Harry, Ginny, James, Albus, Teddy Lupin, Neville, Hannah, Luna, Rolf, Bill, Fleur, Victoire, and potentially others.[25] Ron also became close with Harry's children, one of whom, James, was his godson. Lily Luna Potter and Ron's son were close in age and good friends, as were Ron's daughter and Albus Severus Potter.  Ron seeing his daughter off to platform 9¾ in 2017 In August of 2017, Ron, having settled into a
rotund middle age, obtained a Muggle driving licence. He also admitted putting a Confundus Charm on the Muggle driving inspector because he had forgotten to use his wing mirror properly, excusing this mistake because casting a Supersensory Charm would be more effective. That year, he and Hermione sent their daughter off for her first year at Hogwarts, and Ron encouraged Rose to be Sorted into Gryffindor House and to beat Scorpius Malfoy in marks. He hugged Hugo gently.[48]  A 37-year-old Ron with his family As the train faded away, Ron remembered his time at Hogwarts and how he would love to be going back. At a gathering with Hermione, Harry and Ginny, they talked about the meeting and Ron attempted to cheer everyone up by making jokes which led them them telling him to stop. Before the start of the new school year, Ron and Hermione told Rose to try and befriend Albus again since they have drifted apart since starting Hogwarts.[48]  A while later, Ron attended a meeting at the Ministry of Magic. Hermione was worried about how Harry was having nightmares and his scar was hurting again. Ron got into an argument with Draco Malfoy.  Hermione and Ron standing in her office at the Ministry of Magic When Albus and Scorpius meddled with time, they changed Ron's life. In one alternate reality, Ron helped Harry and Ginny find Albus. Ron never married Hermione and instead married Padma Patil. In another alternate reality where Voldemort won, Ron was in hiding with Hermione as a member of what remained of Dumbledore's Army. They were visited by Severus Snape and Scorpius who told them about the original timeline where they won. Ron agreed to help correct time by time-travelling to the moments where Albus and Scorpius changed time and use a Shield Charm to stop them.  However, when they stopped them the first time, they returned to a present that hadn't changed much. They were attacked by Dementors and Ron and Hermione sacrifice their souls after professing their love for each other to give Scorpius time to escape. Their sacrifice, combined with Snape's a short time later, allowed Scorpius to return to the Second Task and set things right completely.  When the original timeline was restored, Ron was asked to attend a meeting with Professor McGonagall to talk about what happened. He turned up late having somehow ended up in the kitchens instead. Ron, Hermione, Harry, Ginny and Draco were very forgiving of Albus and Scorpius so McGonagall reminded them of the great dangers of what they had done.  Harry, Ron, Draco, and others travelling back in time to assist Albus and Scorpius Albus and Scorpius were kidnapped by Delphi and made to time-travel to 31 October, 1981. Ron went with Hermione, Harry, Ginny, and Draco to the past to save them and stop Delphi. However, under Ginny's prodding, they realised that Delphi did not to want to kill baby Harry, but rather to stop Voldemort from doing so in the hope he would live and his
reign would continue. Delphi thought she could make her father stronger as he would know love when he met her, which its lacking was what had originally led to his downfall. Ron helped Harry duel Delphi and they apprehended her. Ron then returned to the present where Delphi was sent to Azkaban.  It is requested that this article, or a section of this article, should be expanded. Please help the Harry Potter Wiki by expanding this article to give more complete coverage of its subject.  During the Calamity, Ron would assist the members of the Statute of Secrecy Task Force who pursued a Professor profession when he ran into them in the Leaky Cauldron by debating on defensive footwork during duelling, causing them to gain increased resilience. Constance Pickering also talked Ron into hosting an informal lesson on evading enemy attacks for Task Force members who pursued an Auror profession, highlighting the advantages of supplementing defensive spells with evasive manoeuvres, such as side-steps and rolls.[49]  Ron later visited a pub with a Calamity Investigator working for the Task Force. The bartender, pleased that the Calamity Investigator had brought a "celebrity" into his pub, pulled them aside and gave them a secret phrase they could use to order off-the-menu pints and other items. Ron later oversaw a Wizard's Chess tournament attended by the same Calamity Investigator. Ron's commentary at the event was described as "boisterous and colourful," allowing the Calamity Investigator to learn how to better focus on strategy despite considerable distraction.[49]  In the spring of 2021, The Unforgivable threatened Harry and Hermione after the two began wrenching control of Calamity surges away from the cabal. The two feared that their children would be targeted, but Harry insisted on continuing to fight against the Unforgivable. Harry redirected a Calamity surge and controlled it using memories of the Marauders. By April, Ginny had been attacked and Ronald had been abducted.[50]  Ron at age 17 Ron inherited the typical Weasley family traits: fiery red hair and a freckled complexion. When he became embarrassed, his ears notably turned red. He had blue eyes, a long nose, and was described as being very tall and lanky, with big hands and feet.[11] In this way, his stature was similar to those of his older brothers Bill and Percy, rather than the heavily built Charlie, and Fred and George.[1]  His sister Ginny once joked to the trio that Ron had a Pygmy Puff tattoo,[10] though it is doubtful that the remark had any truth in it.  By 2014, when he was at the age of 34, Rita Skeeter remarked on a Daily Prophet gossip column that his "famous ginger hair appears to be thinning slightly".[25]  By 2017, Ron had settled into a round middle age[51] and was later described to be getting "a bit of a gut" by his nephew, yet hiding it extremely well.[52]  He had scars from the brains which attacked him in the Thought Room in the Battle of the Department of Mysteries.[53]  Ron was a
very loyal, brave, strong and humourous person, but sometimes immature, and insensitive.[54] He had a sardonic, wisecracking sense of humour that often brought his friends laughter and relaxation. However, as Hermione Granger and Luna Lovegood pointed out, his humour could occasionally be hurtful, even if unintentionally.[10] During his time searching for Voldemort's Horcruxes with Harry and Hermione, Ron matured greatly, and even took to leading the trio when Harry temporarily fell into a depressive mood.[9]  Ron and Hermione during one of their frequent arguments Though his loyalty and bravery never faltered Ron's character was also marked by occasional jealousy and insecurity rising from feeling overshadowed by his five older brothers and his parents' constant comparisons between him and their other children. He could be argumentative, a trait particularly displayed in his bickering with the equally argumentative and occasionally highly critical Hermione. Though their bickering was frequent, it was never malicious (with the brief exception of sixth year) and generally a way to hide their deeper feelings for each other.  Inheriting the Weasley trait of a strong temper Ron was not above provocation especially when dealing with the spiteful treatment of Professor Snape and the bigotry and hatred of Draco Malfoy. Always willing to stand up for his friends and family even when angry with them, Ron never stopped standing up for Hermione when she faced Muggle-born related prejudice and hatred. He also stood by Harry's side when he was met with disbelief and scorn from his classmates and Wizard society in general. Ron frequently demonstrated great bravery in attempting to protect those he loved, from facing his arachnophobia to stand by Harry in his second year[29] to trying to take Hermione's place when Bellatrix Lestrange isolated her for interrogation with the Cruciatus Curse.[9]  Ron playing Quidditch as Keeper As a boy, Ron was very sensitive about his family's poverty, and sometimes embarrassed by them. Many, if not all, of Ron's possessions were hand-me-downs, including his robes, school books, wand, and even a pet rat whom he called Scabbers. His family's lack of finances often made Ron a target for taunting by Draco Malfoy, a spoiled, arrogant Slytherin.[11] Ron was also prone to insecurity about his abilities, when compared to his older siblings and to his famous best friend. When he felt insecure or embarrassed, it was noted that his ears turned red. This became his tell-tale sign of his anger and embarrassment.[28] He felt as if he was consistently overshadowed by the legacy of his older brothers and the fame of Harry; this lead to a feeling of being "second-best".  Although passionate about Quidditch, especially the Chudley Cannons, and a fine flyer, Ron had a problem with nerves, and sometimes his playing ability suffered for it.[7] Salazar Slytherin's Locket revealed that Ron's deepest fears were that his mother loved him least and that Hermione preferred Harry to him.[9] He also suffered from arachnophobia, a fear originating from his brother Fred transfiguring his teddy bear into a spider when Ron was a child.[29]  Ron's point of view on
many topics was often that of the stereotypical wizard, which clashed many times with those of Harry and Hermione because they were both raised by Muggles; but in exchange, he was typically more aware of standard factors abided by wizardkind. Examples of this are that while he liked Lupin the entire third year, the moment he discovered that Lupin was a werewolf he exclaimed "Get away from me, werewolf!"; that he was more shocked and disgusted than Harry and Hermione at discovering that Hagrid was half giant; and when he got into an argument with Griphook over wizards not giving goblins wands. However, he was clearly very much appreciative of Dobby's sacrifice for them, as he helped Harry dig the grave, found it difficult to say stuff at the grave (it is mentioned it "came out thickly", implying he was choked up), and he had sat on a rock and stripped off his shoes and socks, giving them to Dobby to be buried in.  Ron showing his fondness for food as he enthusiastically eats chicken legs Ron was particularly fond of food. He had a tendency to talk with his mouth full, often to Hermione's disgust, and a great fondness for bacon sandwiches, though he disliked corned beef sandwiches, as mentioned in his first year; his love of food eventually made him settle into a portly middle age. And like Harry, Ron was intelligent, but lacked the motivation to put forth effort in class due to incredible laziness; during their years at school, Ron frequently expected Hermione's help, and when she either refused or was unavailable, he was often dumbfounded about how to proceed. If not for Hermione's help, he would have undoubtedly failed his exams.  Ron was also shown to have a habit of swearing. In 1993, he called Professor Snape something that caused Hermione to exclaim: "Ron!". Also, after Draco Malfoy insulted him, Ron told him to do something he would never have dared say in front of Mrs Weasley. He also called Draco Malfoy a "two face-bastard" during the Battle of Hogwarts after saving him from a Death Eater, and rescuing him for a second time, from death.  Ron was brave, to a level which would put him on a par with his best friend Harry; he never hesitated to put himself into extremely dangerous situations with his best friends Harry and Hermione, and as shown many times, he would rather die than have someone else he cared about be harmed. He risked his life on many occasions, and his bravery was not unnoticed by his friends.  Ron was also quite pragmatic and, despite his occasionally fierce temper, was usually able to keep a more level head in stressful situations compared with Harry and Hermione. His pragmatism was demonstrated by his defence of Bartemius Crouch Senior's harsh treatment of his house elf Winky, with Ron stating that Winky liked being told what to do by Crouch to the point that she held a seat for him despite her acrophobia and that this was because she
wasn't human and as such didn't think like one.[55] Another example of Ron's pragmatic nature was when he discovered the truth about Albus Dumbledore's past with Gellert Grindelwald as while Harry was disgusted by Dumbledore's past desires to rule over Muggles alongside Grindelwald and Dumbledore's secrecy over this, and even Hermione expressed huge shock over this, Ron simply stated that Dumbledore was still growing up at that age and changed as he got older.[56] However, Ron's pragmatism occasionally made him naïve and insensitive, as while he believed that Winky liked being told what to do and acknowledged that she wasn't human, he was ignorant to Winky's acrophobia and her emotional distress once she was sacked by Crouch Senior.[55]  Ron was also a person who liked to do things the easy way, as he did not like to work hard. This quality was reflected in his first year when he just picked up books from the Hogwarts Library shelves randomly when finding out about Nicolas Flamel. He also had a tendency to make up predictions for his Divination homework, and frequently copied most of his homework from Hermione Granger. However, he could afford to let go of this tendency of his during tougher times, like when he researched information to help Hagrid in letting off Buckbeak in his third year. His peculiar trait did not seem to vanish, even after he grew up, as he confunded his driving examiner (breaking the International Statute of Secrecy which is considered illegal) and shrugged off his guilt by saying "I could always use a Supersensory Charm for that".  Ron was very protective of those he cared about, and this was shown perhaps, best of all, when Ginny was involved in a relationship with Dean Thomas. He was, of course, looking out for her, but his temper got the best of him and he lashed out at her, as she did the same to him.  Ron's corporeal Patronus (form of a Jack Russell Terrier) Ron was often insecure about his own abilities, when compared to his elder brothers and famous best friend. However, once that lessened he proved to be a powerful wizard in his own right. Ron was able to conjure a corporeal Jack Russell terrier Patronus, a mark of superior magical ability.  Ronald and Hermione casting the Stunning Spell during the Battle of the Department of Mysteries Ron playing Quidditch Ron's second wand Ron's first owl Pigwidgeon Ron's Christmas present from Lavender Ron with the Deluminator in Malfoy Manor The Weasley family Ron was quite close with his family. Although he was sometimes embarrassed by their lack of money, Ron was fiercely protective of his siblings, and always stoutly defended his parents. He was outraged when his brother Percy called their father a failure and greatly upset their mother with his estrangement, as Ron was close to both of his parents.[7]  Ron looked up to his older brothers Bill and Charlie, though their accomplishments also made him feel insecure about what he had to live up to.[11] Percy tried to
be a role model for Ron, but Ron considered him rather pompous and annoying, and took after Fred and George more in terms of personality. Notably, Ron was the only family member Percy contacted after his estrangement from his family, congratulating Ron on becoming a prefect and advising him to cut ties with Harry, even though Ron was further disgusted by Percy's estrangement.[7] Once he reconciled with his family, Percy was also the one who comforted Ron over Fred's death during the Battle of Hogwarts.[9] The twins delighted in teasing Ron, as did his younger sister Ginny, though they were all close. Ron was very protective of Ginny, particularly in disapproving of her love life, which sometimes led to them fighting.[10]  Other relatives of Ron were Fabian and Gideon Prewett, who were his uncles and members of the Order of the Phoenix. During the First Wizarding War, the brothers were attacked by five Death Eaters, including Antonin Dolohov. Both were killed in battle and were described as having "fought like heroes".  After the Second Wizarding War, Ron's family was extended when four of his siblings were married and had children. He also had two children with Hermione Granger, Rose, and Hugo Weasley.  Harry Potter, his best friend and future brother-in-law Harry Potter had been Ron's best friend since 1991. The two were as close as brothers, as the Weasleys became like a surrogate family to Harry soon after the pair met on the Hogwarts Express at the start of their first year. They took to each other immediately, bonding over the vast array of wizarding sweets Harry happily shared with Ron, who was not able to afford his own from the Hogwarts Express food trolley. When Draco Malfoy spoke disparagingly of Ron's family, Harry rejected Draco's offer of friendship in favour of Ron's. Both Ron and Harry were Sorted into Gryffindor and therefore shared a dormitory. Ron defended Harry from fellow classmates and even Professor Snape.  Like all real brothers, Harry and Ron occasionally fought, especially when Ron's insecurities got the best of him. When Harry was chosen by the Goblet of Fire as Champion for the Triwizard Tournament, Ron believed Harry had indeed cheated to get into the contest. The two briefly fell out, but their friendship was repaired after the Tournament's First Task, when Ron realised that Harry could possibly lose his life to an event he had genuinely not wanted to enter.[28]  Harry and Ron reuniting before the Battle of the Seven Potters The two had another falling out in 1997, when the negative energy in Salazar Slytherin's Locket affected Ron to the point of making him resentful of Harry and unreasonably jealous of Harry's relationship with Hermione Granger, their other best friend and Ron's love interest. Ron temporarily abandoned his friends, though he instantly regretted it, and returned to save Harry's life.[9] By and large, Ron was always fiercely loyal to Harry and risked life and limb on countless occasions for him. Even in 2020, Ron tried to prevent Harry from being transfigured
into Voldemort because he didn't want Harry to be affected by his trauma. The two eventually became brothers-in-law when Harry married Ron's sister. Ron was the uncle of Harry's three children, and was godfather to Harry and Ginny's son James. Since the two became Aurors, it is likely that they worked together later in life.  Hermione Granger, his future wife and mother of his children Ron's relationship with Hermione was rocky, but by and large, the two were good friends for most of their adolescence, with building romantic tension that culminated in a kiss during the Battle of Hogwarts. From the time Ron first met Hermione on the Hogwarts Express at the start of their first year, he found her annoying for "showing off" and regularly reciting the school's rules. His first thought was that he didn't want to be in her house and he groaned when she was Sorted into Gryffindor. Later on, he informed others of his annoyance with her, and mentioned that it was unsurprising that she didn't have any friends, which she overheard. Hurt, Hermione hid in the bathroom, crying, until Harry and Ron saved her from a troll that had been let into Hogwarts by Professor Quirrell. Following the troll incident, Hermione lied to Professor McGonagall to prevent Harry and Ron from getting into trouble.[11] From that time onwards, the trio were best friends, in spite of Ron and Hermione's tendency to bicker.  Ron, Scabbers, Harry and Hermione together in their first year Ron first began showing signs of romantic interest in Hermione in their second year; he was irritated by her crush on Defence Against the Dark Arts professor Gilderoy Lockhart, became so angry that Draco Malfoy called her a "Mudblood" that he tried to hex him, and was even more upset than Harry when she became one of the victims of the basilisk.[29] In their third year, Ron and Hermione had their first real fight, when Ron accused Hermione's cat Crookshanks of eating his pet rat Scabbers, which had gone missing.  The two stopped speaking to each other for a time, but made up after Hagrid scolded Ron and Harry for their treatment of Hermione; Ron offered to help her with Buckbeak's trial, and Hermione hugged him. Also in their third year during their Defence Against the Dark Arts class when Professor Lupin was "ill" and Professor Snape was teaching instead, Ron was the only person that had enough courage to go as far as standing up to Snape when he called Hermione an "insufferable know-it-all".[6]  In their fourth year, Ron and Hermione's romantic feelings for one another began to grow and become more obvious. Hermione was jealous of Ron's crush on Fleur Delacour, the part-Veela champion from Beauxbatons, and Ron became jealous of Viktor Krum, with whom Hermione attended the Yule Ball after Ron failed to ask her in time and then offended her with his clumsy attempt to do so. Though they rowed heatedly over Hermione seeing Krum, their friendship only suffered slight strain.[28] Hermione's frustration over Ron's failure
to realise and act on his feelings continued into their fifth year, as she commented that he had "the emotional range of a teaspoon". Ron was visibly affected when Hermione kissed him on the cheek before his first Quidditch game and irked that Hermione maintained a correspondence with Viktor Krum.[7]  Ron and Hermione kissing in the Chamber of Secrets Their sixth year would be a trying time for Ron and Hermione. When Hermione and Harry were invited to the Slug Club, while Professor Slughorn ignored Ron, Ron became resentful and jealous. He brightened up considerably after Hermione asked him to go to Slughorn's Christmas party with her. However, Ron had a row with his sister after catching her snogging Dean Thomas, during which she revealed that Hermione had snogged Viktor Krum sometime during their fourth year. Ron started acting coldly towards Hermione, much to her bewilderment.   In an attempt to boost Ron's confidence for an upcoming Quidditch match, Harry pretended to slip him some Felix Felicis in Ron's morning pumpkin juice, giving Ron the desired placebo effect that kept his nerves from hindering his performance as a Keeper. Harry had managed to trick Hermione into thinking he had given Ron a drop of the Felix Felicis as well, and she berated both Harry and Ron for taking an unfair advantage in the game. Though Ron had initially believed the Felix was behind his flawless performance, when Harry revealed he had not actually slipped anything in Ron's drink, Ron accused Hermione of not having faith in his abilities and thenceforth started ignoring her completely.  Ron teaching Hermione how to skip rocks All this caused Ron to begin a shallow relationship with Lavender Brown. Hermione was hurt and furious, conjuring a flock of canaries to attack Ron, after which the two did not speak for months. Hermione even retaliated by attending the aforementioned Christmas party with Cormac McLaggen, an older Gryffindor whom Ron despised, simply to annoy Ron. By this time, Ron was already growing tired of his relationship with the very clingy Lavender.   When Ron was accidentally poisoned with mead on his birthday, Hermione forgot her anger in her worry for him, staying by his side until he recovered. Ron looked forward to these visits from her while pretending to be asleep whenever Lavender visited him. By the time Ron was allowed to leave the Hospital Wing, he and Hermione were closer than ever, and the former's romance with Lavender ended quickly when Lavender saw Ron and Hermione coming down from the boys' dormitories together, while Harry was with them under his Invisibility Cloak. At the end of the year, their mutual affection was visible when Ron gently comforted Hermione as she cried on his shoulder at Dumbledore's funeral.[10]  Afterwards, the two grew much closer, though were only "sort of" together, according to Harry. They danced together at Bill and Fleur's wedding, where Ron also showed his continuing jealous dislike of Viktor Krum, who was a guest. During the hunt for the Horcruxes with Harry, Ron
comforted Hermione several times by putting his arm around her, and the two were generally kinder to one another; Harry even suspected that they had fallen asleep in 12 Grimmauld Place holding hands after waking up and noticing that their hands were barely an inch away from each other.  Ron and Hermione falling asleep hand-in-hand in 12 Grimmauld Place When Remus Lupin informed them of the Ministry's crack down on Muggle-borns, Ron offered to vouch for her by telling people that Hermione was his cousin, at which Hermione affectionately touched his hand and reminded him that they were on the run with the most wanted wizard in Britain. When Ron temporarily left his friends, Hermione cried over him for weeks; Ron was able to return by hearing Hermione's voice saying his name through his Deluminator. When Ron destroyed the locket Horcrux, it taunted him with visions of his greatest fears, one of which was Hermione preferring Harry to him. Hermione was initially furious with Ron for his abandonment, to the point of physically attacking him, though she eventually forgave him.  Later on, when the trio was brought to Malfoy Manor, Bellatrix Lestrange isolated Hermione for interrogation by the means of torture. Ron begged in vain to be taken in her stead, and after being thrown into the basement, Hermione's screams from above caused Ron to call her name in anguish, eventually reducing him to tears. During the Battle of Hogwarts, Hermione was touched when Ron expressed concern for the castle's house-elves, for whom she had always been concerned, and initiated a kiss, to which Ron responded very enthusiastically.[9]  Sometime after the end of the Second Wizarding War, Ron and Hermione married and had two children, Rose and Hugo.[48]They were rather young when they married, as noted by Ron in 2020. His nephew, Albus, noted that Ron was rather openly affectionate towards his wife and was known to kiss her in public rather frequently. At this time Ron proposed to Hermione again after reading about renewing wedding vows, showing that Ron had become rather romantic as he matured, which made Hermione melt, deeply touched by her husband's romantic gesture and agreeing on the spot to it. This shows hows Ron and Hermione's relationship had evolved and much of their bickering subsiding a bit for a more gentle marriage, yet still rife with their uniquely combative and verbally alarming undertones to it.  Hugo Weasley, his second child and son After the Second Wizarding War, Ron and Hermione had two children, Rose and Hugo. As Rose was preparing to leave for her first year at Hogwarts in 2017, Ron jokingly told her that if she wasn't in Gryffindor he'd disinherit her. He also told her to beat Draco Malfoy's son Scorpius Malfoy on their tests, and that he was grateful she had inherited her mother's brains.  Ron's daughter Rose was close in age to Harry and Ginny's younger son Albus Severus, while Ron's son Hugo was close in age to Harry and Ginny's daughter, Lily Luna and they all appeared
quite close.  After the Second Wizarding War, Ron had many nieces and nephews through his siblings. Bill and Fleur had three children: Victoire, Dominique, and Louis. Percy and his wife, Audrey, had two daughters, Molly (after Ron's mother) and Lucy. George and Angelina had two children, a son named Fred (after Ron's older brother) and a daughter named Roxanne. Ginny also married Harry and had three children, James (to whom Ron was godfather), Albus, and Lily.  Fleur Delacour, his sister-in-law Fleur Delacour was a very beautiful, French, part-Veela witch. Ron developed a crush on her when he met her in 1994, during the Triwizard Tournament. He asked her to go with him to the Yule Ball, but she refused. However, after the the second task in the Tournament, when Harry "saved" Fleur's younger sister, Gabrielle from the Black Lake, Fleur treated both Harry and Ron (whom she believed helped Harry save Gabrielle) much more warmly. Following the death of Cedric Diggory and the end of the Tournament, Fleur kissed Ron and Harry and said goodbye to them before she left. After the Tournament, Fleur started dating Ron's brother, Bill. Bill sent her to live with his family for a few days, so that she could become more familiar with them. Ron told Harry that it was difficult to get used to her visiting when she kept appearing suddenly, leaving Ron in a sort-of trance.  Fleur eventually married Bill, and they lived at their own house, Shell Cottage. While Ron was looking for Horcruxes, he abandoned Harry and Hermione temporarily after they fought and spent that time at Shell Cottage with Bill and Fleur. Ron went to Shell Cottage again, after the Skirmish at Malfoy Manor, and Fleur cared for him and his friends like a mother.  Eventually, Ron and Fleur fought alongside each other and survived the Battle of Hogwarts.  Neville Longbottom, a good friend Neville Longbottom became Ron's room mate in their first year at Hogwarts. Neville was shy and nervous, and regularly found himself being bullied by Slytherin students, like Draco Malfoy. Ron encouraged Neville to be more confident and to stand up for himself, and the two became close friends. Both Ron and Neville became members of Dumbledore's Army in 1995, and fought together in the Battle of the Department of Mysteries in 1996, and the Battle of the Astronomy Tower in 1997.  Ron was shocked when he learned that Neville's parents were patients at St Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries, having been tortured to the point of insanity by Barty Crouch Jnr, Bellatrix, Rodolphus, and Rabastan Lestrange, and sympathised with his friend.  While Ron, Harry and Hermione left Hogwarts to find Voldemort's Horcruxes, Neville led Ginny Weasley, Luna Lovegood and several other students in reviving Dumbledore's Army and maintaining a steady opposition against the new Headmaster Severus Snape and professors Amycus and Alecto Carrow. Neville was adamant that the rest of the DA be included in whatever Ron, Harry and Hermione were doing to bring down Lord Voldemort, and
he fought together with them in the Battle of Hogwarts, ultimately beheading Nagini with the Sword of Gryffindor and destroying the last remaining Horcrux. Together, Ron and Neville took down Fenrir Greyback.  After the Second Wizarding War, Ron and Neville remained close and saw each other regularly, as Neville was appointed Herbology professor at Hogwarts, and taught Ron's daughter in 2017.  Draco Malfoy, his school bully Ron and his family were looked down upon by the Malfoy family for their lack of wealth and "blood traitor" status. Upon meeting Ron on the Hogwarts Express at the beginning of their first year, Draco Malfoy immediately expressed his disdain for the Weasleys. He was further irritated when Harry turned down his offer of friendship in favour of Ron's.[11] Like their fathers, Arthur Weasley and Lucius Malfoy, Ron and Draco despised each other and frequently exchanged insults.  In their second year, Ron tried to hex Draco to vomit slugs after he called Hermione a "filthy little Mudblood", but the charm backfired due to a broken wand. He also attempted to physically attack him after Draco expressed a wish that Hermione was killed rather than petrified during the Chamber of Secrets affair.[29] In their fourth year, Ron was immensely amused when Alastor Moody (Barty Crouch Jnr in disguise) transfigured Draco into a ferret. The following year, Draco invented the song Weasley is Our King to demean Ron's abilities as a Keeper for the Gryffindor Quidditch team.[7] After he, Harry, and Hermione saved Draco and Gregory Goyle from the Room of Requirement, Ron punched Draco in the face and called him a "two-faced bastard" upon seeing him with a Death Eater.  By 2017, Ron and his friends' enmity with Draco had faded, though none of them were near friends. Ron discouraged his daughter Rose from becoming "too friendly" with Draco's son Scorpius.[9] In 2020, it is shown Ron is slightly annoyed with Draco becoming friendly with Harry, and even cited that despite this he still disliked him. Nevertheless, he admitted that he felt sorry for Draco for the loss of Astoria, showing that despite their mutual enmity, even Ron in the end was not entirely without empathy for him.  Luna Lovegood, a good friend Ron met Luna Lovegood in 1995 on the Hogwarts Express, and found her very odd. She found him very funny, but Ron suspected she was making fun of him when she laughed uproariously at a joke he made. After getting to know her better through Dumbledore's Army, Ron gradually became fonder of Luna, especially after she was one of the only D.A. members to come to the trio's assistance when they ventured to the Ministry of Magic and a battle ensued, during which Luna protected a cursed Ron and his injured sister.[7]  Ron was very amused when Luna commentated on a Quidditch match the following year, and when she danced by herself at the wedding of his older brother Bill and Fleur Delacour. He thought highly of her bravery, but still teased her on occasion, regardless the
two remained close friends in their adulthood.[9]  Seamus Finnigan, Dean Thomas, and Neville Longbottom: his friends and roommates In addition to Harry and Neville, Ron's room mates at Hogwarts were Dean Thomas and Seamus Finnigan. Although he was not as close to them as he was to Harry, Ron was nevertheless friendly with both of them. When he and Harry had a falling out over the Goblet of Fire drawing Harry's name, Ron spent a lot of time with Seamus and Dean.[28]  Ron stood up for Harry against Seamus when he and Harry argued about Lord Voldemort's return. Also, when Dean began dating his younger sister in 1996, Ron became irritated with him, especially after catching the two snogging,[10] though they seemed to have put the matter behind them completely by the time Ron, Harry and Hermione met Dean again in 1998.  Seamus and Dean were also members of Dumbledore's Army. Dean, like Ron, Harry and Hermione, left Hogwarts in 1997, because it was supposed that he was a Muggle-born. He was caught by a group of Snatchers, led by Fenrir Greyback, along with Ron, Harry and Hermione. They escaped from Malfoy Manor, where they had gone, and lived for a few days at Shell Cottage.  Seamus and Dean eventually fought along with Ron in the Battle of Hogwarts.  Peter Pettigrew, his once pet Scabbers was an unusually old and scraggly-looking rat that originally belonged to Percy Weasley, but was passed down to Ron when Percy was given Hermes. At first, Ron showed little outward affection for Scabbers, as the rat was uninteresting and one of Ron's many hand-me-downs. However, Ron later demonstrated that he genuinely cared for the rat; he was so devastated when Scabbers disappeared during the 1993–1994 school year that he nearly ended his friendship with Hermione Granger, believing her cat, Crookshanks, had eaten Scabbers. Ron was clearly overjoyed when they later discovered Scabbers hiding in Rubeus Hagrid's cabin. When Sirius Black and Remus Lupin revealed that Scabbers was actually an Animagus named Peter Pettigrew, Ron refused to believe it until they forced the rat to transform back into his human form. Ron took this revelation as a personal insult, and refused to listen to Pettigrew's pleas for mercy.  In 1998, Ron, Harry, and Hermione were captured and imprisoned in the cellar of Malfoy Manor. When the house-elf Dobby came to rescue them, Peter was sent to investigate the noise. Harry and Ron ambushed Pettigrew, and Ron took his wand. Harry reminded Pettigrew of the life-debt he owed Harry when Pettigrew tried to strangle him, and Peter momentarily loosened his grip. However, the silver hand given to Peter by Voldemort turned on him instead, and, despite Harry and Ron's attempts to save him, Pettigrew was killed for showing the slightest bit of mercy. Ron subsequently gained possession of Pettigrew's wand. This could be seen as poetic justice for Pettigrew, who had deceived Ron for so long.  Rubeus Hagrid, his teacher and friend Ron first met Rubeus Hagrid, the gamekeeper for Hogwarts, during
his first year at the school in 1991. Hagrid was very fond of Harry, Ron and Hermione, regularly inviting them to his hut for tea. Though all three returned Hagrid's affections, Ron was openly incredulous of Hagrid's love of dangerous Creatures, and was furious with Hagrid after his pet Acromantula, Aragog, and Aragog's family tried to eat him and Harry. During Ron's fourth year, it was revealed to the wizarding world that Hagrid was a half-giant, and Hagrid consequently received a good deal of hate mail, which led to his self-imposed seclusion within his hut. Through the efforts of Ron, Harry, Hermione and Albus Dumbledore, Hagrid became convinced that people still loved him and wanted him around.  Ron and Hagrid also fought alongside one another in the Battle of the Seven Potters and in the Battle of Hogwarts. After the Second Wizarding War, Ron and Hagrid probably remained friends.  Remus Lupin, his former DADA professor Ron was among the students who were very impressed by Remus Lupin's teaching when he was professor of Defence Against the Dark Arts, during Ron's third year at Hogwarts. Though Ron was initially afraid when he learned Lupin was a werewolf, he quickly realised that being a werewolf didn't change who Lupin was in human form, and the issue never came between them. In 1997, when Harry fought with Remus for attempting to temporarily leave his pregnant wife to aid Harry, Ron, and Hermione in their mission, Ron expressed his disappointment in the way Harry handled the situation, despite agreeing with the point Harry was trying to make.  Ron and Lupin fought alongside each other in the Battle of the Department of Mysteries, the Battle of the Astronomy Tower, the Battle of the Seven Potters, the Attack at The Burrow, and the Battle of Hogwarts, where Remus was murdered by Antonin Dolohov. After Remus was murdered in the Second Wizarding War, Ron remained close with Remus's son Teddy Lupin, who was also Harry Potter's godson.  Sirius Black, his best friend's godfather Ron first learned about Sirius Black in 1993, when the latter became the first wizard to escape from Azkaban, and was believed to be planning to track down and kill Harry at Hogwarts. As it turned out, Sirius was actually after Ron's pet rat, who was actually the Animagus Peter Pettigrew in disguise. At the end of their third year, Ron, Harry and Hermione learned that Sirius was not only innocent of the crime of betraying Lily and James Potter to Lord Voldemort, but that he was, in fact, Harry's godfather. After revealing Pettigrew's true form, Sirius felt responsible for Ron's loss of "Scabbers," and gave him an owl as replacement. During their fourth year Ron along with Harry and Hermione provided food for Sirius, who was hiding in a cave outside of Hogsmeade.  During the Second Wizarding War, Ron and Sirius bonded during their time cooped up at 12 Grimmauld Place, and Ron defended Sirius against all of Hermione's critical remarks about Sirius's selfish treatment of Harry as a friend
rather than a godson, as well as her belief that Sirius was trying to live vicariously through Harry, Ron, and herself.  Minerva McGonagall, his head of house and professor Minerva McGonagall was the Transfiguration Professor and Gryffindor Head of House during Ron's time at Hogwarts. She was very strict, and regularly reprimanded Ron, Harry and Hermione for the many instances they ended up bending or outright breaking school rules. However, she was just and impartial as a disciplinarian, and always acted in the best interest of all Hogwarts students, often showing lenience and understanding where it was deserved. She clearly cared about Ron, as she cared about all of her students, and Ron fought alongside McGonagall during the Battle of the Astronomy Tower and the Battle of Hogwarts, both surviving the Second Wizarding War.  Nymphadora Tonks, his friend Nymphadora Tonks was a young witch, a metamorphmagus, and an Auror. Ron met Tonks in 1995, when both became members of the Order of the Phoenix. Ron generally liked Tonks and found her amusing, despite at one point comparing her looks unfavourably to Fleur Delacour's. Saying that she was merely okay looking "when not doing stupid stuff to her nose and hair". He also mentioned that she was not as much of laugh anymore as she was starting to "look more and more like Moaning Myrtle".  Tonks and Ron fought alongside each other during the: Battle of the Department of Mysteries, Battle of the Astronomy Tower, Battle of the Seven Potters (where they were paired together), the Attack at The Burrow, and the Battle of Hogwarts, where Tonks was murdered by Bellatrix Lestrange. Ron was devastated by her death and after the war, he became a friend of Tonks's son, Teddy. It can also be assumed that he was around Teddy often, seeing as his best friend was Teddy's godfather.  Severus Snape, his professor Severus Snape was the Potions Master and Head of Slytherin House during Ron's time at Hogwarts. He made no attempt to hide his preference for his own House, nor his disdain for the Gryffindor students, and showed particular dislike for both Ron and Hermione as Harry's best friends. Ron believed that Snape, who was a former Death Eater, had never truly joined their side, and that he was still working as a double agent for Voldemort. During his fifth year, Ron suggested that Snape was trying to open Harry's mind to Voldemort rather than close it during Harry's Occlumency lessons.  In 1997, Ron fought in the Battle of the Astronomy Tower, after which he learned that Snape had killed Albus Dumbledore, and a few months later, during the Battle of the Seven Potters, Snape accidentally cursed off George Weasley's ear, while aiming a Sectumsempra at a Death Eater who was poised to kill Remus Lupin. Ron, like most of the Order and Hogwarts staff, viewed Snape as a cowardly, heartless murderer. However, Ron witnessed Snape's death as ordered by Lord Voldemort during the Battle of Hogwarts, and eventually learned that Snape had been working for
their side all along, at great personal risk. It was likely that Ron came to appreciate Snape's unwavering bravery.  Albus Dumbledore, his headmaster Ron was raised within the wizarding world, and knew of Albus Dumbledore, Hogwarts headmaster and probably the greatest wizard of the time, since childhood. Ron met Dumbledore when he first attended Hogwarts in 1991. Although Ron never spent much, if any, one-on-one time with Dumbledore, it was clear that Dumbledore trusted Ron, along with Hermione, and valued their individual skills. He felt Ron and Hermione could be trusted to aid Harry in his mission to destroy Voldemort's Horcruxes, the existence of which was a secret of vital importance unknown to a living a soul aside from the trio, Dumbledore, and Voldemort himself.  After Dumbledore's death, it was discovered that the Headmaster had bequeathed Ron his Deluminator. Unknown to Ron at the time he received it, the Deluminator had the magical ability to return Ron to his friends if the time came, as Dumbledore had anticipated, when Ron would part ways with Harry and Hermione during their quest. The Deluminator's function as a homing device for Ron's friends suggested that Dumbledore understood Ron well enough to know that as surely as he would struggle with the mission, he would be just as certain to want to return to his friends' sides.  In return, Ron admired Dumbledore for his extraordinary magical prowess and intelligence greatly and felt a great amount of respect for him. During Dumbledore's funeral, Ron was clearly distraught as Dumbledore's body was laid to rest. This respect clearly became greater than ever when Ron realised that Dumbledore valued him as Harry's friend enough to give him the Deluminator, showing great appreciation and gratitude for the Headmaster's trust in him. Due to his pragmatism, he is entirely unaffected by the revelation of Dumbledore's past with Gellert Grindelwald whereas even Hermione could not help but be deeply shocked by it, believing it only happened because Dumbledore was still growing up at that age and defending him from Harry when he mentioned about it.  Ron, along with Hermione and Harry, visited Dumbledore's portrait after the Battle of Hogwarts to discuss the fate of the Deathly Hallows.  Lavender Brown, his ex-girlfriend Lavender Brown, a Gryffindor in Ron's year, developed a crush on him when they entered their sixth year. At first, Ron seemed vaguely flattered, but not particularly interested in Lavender's flirtatious behaviour. However, after becoming angry with Hermione and being taunted by Ginny over his lack of romantic experience, Ron began an exhibitionist relationship with Lavender. The couple was frequently seen snogging in public, much to the disgust of a jealous and hurt Hermione as well as Ginny, who considered him a "filthy hypocrite" because he insulted her for being caught kissing her boyfriend earlier in the year.   Lavender threw herself into the relationship almost obsessively, alarming even her best friend, Parvati Patil. Lavender called Ron by the annoying nickname of "Won-Won", pressed Harry for details of Ron's feelings for her, and gave him
a necklace with the words 'my sweetheart' for Christmas. After that Christmas, Lavender tickled Ron, and was noticed by Harry. Ron found these traits irritating, and admitted to Harry that the relationship consisted of little talking and mostly snogging.  Ron and Lavender kissing or "snogging" By his birthday, Ron was unhappy in the relationship; he feigned sleep whenever Lavender visited him in the infirmary after his poisoning and said Hermione's name in his sleep. He was spared the task of breaking up with Lavender when she became suspicious that something was going on between him and Hermione, and ended the romance. Ron was happy to see things finished, though he felt guilty for it, but Lavender was upset for some time afterwards. It is unknown how Ron reacted to Lavender's death in the Battle of Hogwarts. It can assumed that he was saddened by it, as they were once friends.  Viktor Krum, his rival Ron was a huge fan of Viktor Krum, as he was the Seeker for the Bulgarian National Quidditch team, enthusiastic to the point of purchasing a miniature Krum figurine at the Quidditch World Cup and bringing it with him to school. However, his feelings changed markedly when Krum began seeing Hermione Granger and the two attended the Yule Ball together in 1994. Despite his jealousy, Ron asked Krum for his autograph following the end of the Triwizard Tournament, much to Krum's surprise and Hermione's amusement. During Ron's sixth year, he discovered that Hermione had "snogged" Krum in the course of their brief romance, which caused Ron's jealousy of Krum to resurge. He expressed these feelings in 1997, at Bill and Fleur's wedding, when Krum's appearance as a guest inspired Ron to whisk Hermione away to dance.  Pigwidgeon became Ron's owl in 1994. He was given to Ron by Sirius Black, as Sirius felt partially responsible for the loss of Ron's pet rat, who turned out to be the Animagus and Death Eater, Peter Pettigrew, in disguise. Initially, Ron loved him, and enjoyed having an owl of his own, but Pig, as Ron preferred to call him, turned out to be very tiny and hyperactive, and became mainly annoying to Ron (as Errol and Hermes, according to Ron) and had to be kept away from them. It can be assumed that deep down Ron still loved Pigwidgeon considering that before he found out the truth about Peter Pettigrew he still loved "Scabbers" despite complaining about his uselessness nonstop.[6]  Crookshanks Crookshanks was Hermione Granger's large, bandy-legged, ginger-coloured, half-Kneazle cat. Ron strongly disliked him at first, largely due to his antagonistic behaviour towards Ron's pet rat, Scabbers. In 1993, Scabbers, who was actually the Animagus, Peter Pettigrew, faked his own death for the second time after Sirius Black escaped from Azkaban. Ron initially believed Scabbers had been eaten by Crookshanks, and he nearly ended his friendship with Hermione.[6]  When Ron discovered the truth about Scabbers, and found that Crookshanks had been helping Sirius all along, he seemed to appreciate Crookshanks as a good judge of character,
and even half-jokingly asked the cat if Pigwidgeon was really an owl.[6] When Crookshanks meowed happily, Ron actually seemed relieved. It is unknown if Ron ever saw Crookshanks after the Battle of Hogwarts, since he had been left at The Burrow during Bill and Fleur's wedding.  Cormac McLaggen, his rival In 1996, Ron's competition for the Keeper position on the Gryffindor Quidditch team was Cormac McLaggen, a Gryffindor a year above him. Before the try-outs, Hermione overheard McLaggen insulting Ron and Ginny, and placed a Confundus Charm on him that made him miss his last save. Ron thus beat him, though McLaggen claimed that this was due to favouritism. Ron greatly disliked him, which prompted Hermione to attend Professor Slughorn's Christmas party with him to retaliate against Ron for his romance with Lavender Brown. Ron disliked McLaggen even more, and was happy when his date with Hermione did not go well, and when McLaggen did not perform well as replacement keeper while Ron was in the Hospital Wing.[10]  Dolores Umbridge, his former DADA professor and enemy In 1995, Dolores Umbridge, a Ministry employee, was appointed Defence Against the Dark Arts professor. She was a sadistic, very unpleasant woman who derived great satisfaction from torturing students as punishment (most notably, forcing Harry Potter to carve the words "I must not tell lies" into the back of his own hand, using a Blood Quill). Ron, like most of the students and faculty at Hogwarts, greatly disliked her intrusive, hypocritical and often outright insulting ways, in return Umbridge disliked Ron, as he was a main offender of the rules and loyal to Harry and a member of Dumbledore's Army. She had an obsession with pure-blood status and both hated and feared people she called half-breeds, like centaurs and half-giants. She also hated Muggle-borns, and probably half-bloods, despite being half-blood herself. In the end of the year, she was attacked by a group of centaurs and eventually brought to the Hospital Wing by Albus Dumbledore. Though she attempted to abscond, Peeves the Poltergeist discovered her sneaking away, and led the students in driving her out Hogwarts.  Ron met again Umbridge in 1997, when he was disguised as Reg Cattermole, a Ministry official, and while Umbridge was in charge of trying Muggle-borns before they were sent to Azkaban. Harry stunned Umbridge during the interrogation of Mary Cattermole, when Umbridge attempted to flaunt Salazar Slytherin's Locket as proof of her relation to the Selwyn family. After Hermione retrieved the locket and replaced it with a decoy using the Geminio curse, Harry, Ron, and Hermione proceeded to help the Muggle-borns awaiting trial escape from the Ministry. After the Second Wizarding War, Umbridge herself was imprisoned in Azkaban for life.  Nicholas de Mimsy-Porpington Ron's lack of sensitivity causes him to be unpopular with the Hogwarts ghosts, namely Nearly Headless Nick and Moaning Myrtle. Ron first met Nearly Headless Nick in 1991 during his first welcoming feast. He knew Nick because he heard Fred and George talking about him. Nick requested that Ron should address him as
"Sir Nicholas" instead of Nearly Headless Nick. During later feasts, Ron would annoy Nick by reminding him he was dead and how much he enjoyed food.  Ron met Moaning Myrtle in 1992, during the re-opening of the Chamber of Secrets. Myrtle was upset since Ginny had unknowingly thrown a diary at her. Ron pointed out that it couldn't hurt Myrtle since she was a ghost, and the book would go through her. Myrtle swooped down on Ron with rage and sarcastically commented that everyone should throw books at her and make a game out of it.  Lord Voldemort, a hated enemy As Ron was raised within the wizarding world, he had grown up fearing the name of Lord Voldemort, the most dangerous Dark wizard of all time. He was afraid to say the name or even to hear it, and protested when Harry refused to refer to Voldemort as "You-Know-Who" or "He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named". Ron helped Harry protect the Philosopher's Stone from Voldemort at the end of their first year, when he won a game of Wizard's chess by sacrificing himself. Ron also helped Harry get into the Chamber of Secrets and save Ron's younger sister.  Ron's fear of saying Voldemort's name ended up being justified and delaying the capture of Harry, Hermione and himself, as he managed to convince Harry and Hermione to refer to Voldemort as "You-Know-Who" around the same time saying the name was made Taboo. In 1998, Ron used Godric Gryffindor's sword to destroy Salazar Slytherin's Locket, one of Voldemort's Horcruxes. The locket tortured Ron, as a "Riddle-Harry" and a "Riddle-Hermione" appeared, eventually kissing, telling Ron that he was useless, that no woman would choose him over Harry, that his own mother will choose Harry as a son instead of him, and that she wanted a girl when she had him. Ron showed the strength of his personality in by overcoming his insecurities and stabbing the locket with Godric Gryffindor's Sword, destroying the Horcrux.  During the Battle of Hogwarts, Ron was present when Voldemort told the crowd that Harry had been killed while trying to save himself. Forgetting his fear, and breaking the Silencing Charm Voldemort had placed over the crowd, Ron shouted that Harry had defeated him. Ron also witnessed Voldemort's final duel with Harry.  Dumbledore's Army, his friends and allies Dumbledore's Army was an organisation led by Harry Potter, in order to oppose Dolores Umbridge, and as a supplementary means of practising defensive magic. In 1995, Ron and Hermione convinced Harry to teach anyone who was interested about protective spells and counter-jinxes that had helped him survive his many encounters with Voldemort, as the purely theoretical instruction they were receiving from Umbridge was wholly inadequate. Six members of the D.A. fought in the Battle of the Department of Mysteries. In addition to Harry Potter, Hermione Granger, Ginny Weasley, Fred and George, Neville Longbottom, Luna Lovegood, Lavender Brown, Seamus Finnigan, and Dean Thomas, there were eighteen other known members.  The Gryffindor students who were members of the DA included Colin and Dennis Creevey,
Parvati Patil, Lee Jordan (Fred and George Weasley's best friend) Alicia Spinnet and Katie Bell (members of the Gryffindor Quidditch team) and Angelina Johnson (captain of the Team, and Ron's future sister-in-law, after marrying George). Fred and Colin Creevey were both murdered by Death Eaters in during the Battle.  The Hufflepuff students were Hannah Abbott, Ernie Macmillan, Susan Bones, Justin Finch-Fletchley, and Zacharias Smith. Ron was friendly with all of them, except Zacharias, the only one who didn't fight in the Battle of Hogwarts.  The Ravenclaw students were Padma Patil (Parvati's twin sister), Cho Chang, Terry Boot, Anthony Goldstein, Michael Corner, and Marietta Edgecombe. Ron attended the Yule Ball with Padma, who wasn't pleased with Ron's appearance in his tattered dress robes, and Ron wasn't particularly fond of Michael Corner, who was Ginny's ex-boyfriend. They all fought together during the Battle of Hogwarts in 1998, with the exception of Marietta, who did not return to Hogwarts at any point.  The original Order of the Phoenix The Order of the Phoenix was an organisation founded and led by Albus Dumbledore. The Order included Ron's family, Harry Potter, Hermione Granger, Rubeus Hagrid, Remus Lupin, Sirius Black, Fleur Delacour, Minerva McGonagall, Nymphadora Tonks, and Severus Snape as well as several other notable members of the wizarding community.  In 1994, for Ron's fourth year at Hogwarts, Alastor "Mad Eye" Moody, an Auror famous for his great skill, vast experience, and growing paranoia, was appointed professor of Defence Against the Dark Arts. Prior to the start of the school year, on Lord Voldemort's orders, Moody was attacked and imprisoned in his own magical trunk by Barty Crouch Jnr, who impersonated Moody and took his place at Hogwarts by using Polyjuice Potion until 24 June, 1995. Ron clearly held Moody in high regard, as he looked forward to his classes and persistently hoped that Moody would tell him he would make a good Auror, as he had Harry and Hermione (albeit, it was actually Barty Crouch Jnr who suggested Harry and Hermione consider becoming Aurors). Ron met the real Mad-Eye later in 1995, at 12 Grimmauld Place, the headquarters of the Order. Ron and Moody fought alongside one another in the Battle of the Department of Mysteries and in the Battle of the Seven Potters, where Mad-Eye was killed. Ron, like the other members of the Order, was shocked and devastated by the death of someone as tough and skilled as Moody.  Ron was also familiar with the "useless git" Mundungus Fletcher, an almost grudging member of the Order. Though Ron was initially amused by Mundungus, he quickly grew disgusted with Mundungus's continued general disregard for other people, or their property and safety, particularly when he abandoned Alastor Moody in the midst of the Battle of the Seven Potters. Ron met Mundungus again when he, Harry and Hermione wanted information regarding the whereabouts of Salazar Slytherin's Locket and appeared amused by Kreacher's repeated abuse of Fletcher.  When Ron, Harry and Hermione apparated into Hogsmeade, intent on sneaking into Hogwarts to find an
object that had once belonged to Rowena Ravenclaw, they found themselves in a trap set by Death Eaters. They were saved by Aberforth Dumbledore, Albus Dumbledore's younger brother, and owner of the Hog's Head. They discovered that they had been saved by him once before; it was Aberforth who had sent Dobby to rescue them from the Malfoy Manor after Harry saw his eye in the remaining shard of Sirius's two-way mirror. They were later also informed by Neville that Aberforth had been supporting Neville and the other DA members remaining at Hogwarts by feeding them, passing messages using enchanted coins, and generally backing them in their resistance against Severus Snape and the Carrows.  Other Order members Ron encountered were Kingsley Shacklebolt, a skilled Auror who would later go on to become Minister for Magic and who was greatly admired by Ron, Harry, Hermione, and the Weasleys; Elphias Doge, Albus Dumbledore's friend; as well as Dedalus Diggle, Hestia Jones, Sturgis Podmore, and Emmeline Vance. Emmeline Vance was killed by Death Eaters in 1996, and Podmore was imprisoned because he attempted to get into the Department of Mysteries, under the Imperius Curse, the news of which shocked and horrified Ron.  It is likely that every surviving member of the Order (except Arabella Figg, who was a Squib and unable to fight, but might have helped in another way) fought in the Battle of Hogwarts alongside Ron, Harry, and Hermione.  Ronald is the Scottish form of the Scandinavian name Ragnvald, which was derived from the Old Norse Ragnvaldr, composed of the elements ragn, "advice", and valdr, "ruler".[65] It is a cognate of the name Reginald, which is derived from the Germanic form of the name, Raginwald, meaning "the prince's counsellor". All these names carry the meaning of a person who acts as a trusted advisor to a person in power, much as Ron acted as a friend and confidant to Harry Potter.  In keeping with the pattern of Weasley family members taking names from Arthurian legend, "Ron" is the name of Arthur's lance in Geoffrey of Monmouth's History of the Kings of Britain. Ron is short for Rhongomyniad, which means "striker spear" in Welsh.  Bilius comes from the word "bile", as one of the four humours discussed by Ancient Greek philosophers. Yellow bile was connected to the element of fire, which is the element of Gryffindor house, and someone with an excess of it was believed to be bad-tempered, as Ron is. The English adjective "bilious" also applies to those who have an irritable temper.[66]  Ron as he appears in Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone: Illustrated Edition, illustrated by Jim Kay Rupert Grint as Ron Weasley Ron Weasley in 1998 Ron on Pottermore Quidditch Keeper Ron Weasley as he appears in Harry Potter: Wizards Unite Ron Weasley as he appears in Harry Potter: Wizards Unite Ron Weasley in LEGO Harry Potter: Years 1-4 Ron Weasley in LEGO Harry Potter: Years 5-7 In an interview with J. K. Rowling and Mugglenet, when asked about Ron and the Deluminator
she says:  "He wasn't the most skilled, or the most intelligent, but he held the trio together; his humour and his good heart were essential."  "Ron and Hermione, however, are drawn to each other because they balance each other out. Hermione's got the sensitivity and maturity that's been left out of Ron, and Ron loosens up Hermione a bit, gets her to have some fun. They love each other and they bicker a bit, but they enjoy bickering, so we shouldn't worry about it." - J. K. Rowling  2nd Hand Brooms ·  Amanuensis Quills ·  Badeea Ali's uncle's tea shop ·  Bats! Bats! Bats! ·  Belcher's Bottled Beers ·  Bernie Balls Fireworks ·  Blinkhorn's workshop ·  Boogermongers ·  Boot and Shoemaker for Witches and Wizards ·  Brigg's Brooms ·  Bufo's ·  Broomstix ·  Broom Brakes Service ·  Broom Shop ·  Caput Mortuum ·  Cauldron Workshop ·  Cranville Quincey's Magical Junkshop ·  Creepy Scrawlers Stationers ·  Crispa Culpepper's Drugs & Preparations ·  Diagon Alley Arts Club ·  Diagon Alley cafés ·  The Diagon Dispensary ·  Eeylops Owl Emporium ·  Fine Enchanting Cauldrons ·  Flail & Hyde Furriers ·  Floo-Pow ·  Florean Fortescue's Ice Cream Parlour ·  Florist's stall ·  Flourish and Blotts ·  Gaberlunzie Garments ·  Gambol and Japes Wizarding Joke Shop ·  Grandma Gramercy's Grandiloquent Gramophones ·  The Harpy's Bazaar ·  Healer Shop ·  Herbert's Sherbets ·  J. Pippin's Potions ·  Janus Galloglass ·  Jimmy Kiddell's Wonderful Wands ·  The Junk Shop ·  Krakens ·  Madam Malkin's Robes for All Occasions ·  Madam Primpernelle's Beautifying Potions ·  The Magic Lantern ·  Magical Menagerie ·  Mandrake Mufflers ·  Marcus Minucius Myomancer ·  Mourning & Starr Armourers ·  Mr Milvus Grizedale, Kitemaker ·  Mr Mulpepper's Apothecary ·  Mr Trismus, Mouth Magician ·  Mulligrubs Materia Medica ·  Nell's Bells ·  Nollikins for Scrolls & Skins ·  Noltie's Botanical Novelties ·  Obscurus Books ·  Oldknowe Books ·  Ollivanders ·  Owl Post Office · Pettichaps ·  Potage's Cauldron Shop ·  Praedico Predico ·  Quality Quidditch Supplies ·  Rosa Lee Teabag ·  S. Starling ·  Scribbulus Writing Implements ·  Second-Hand Bookshop ·  Second-Hand Robes ·  Shrew & Scold's Bridal Wear ·  Slug & Jiggers Apothecary ·  Spindlewarps Wool Shop ·  Sugarplum's Sweets Shop ·  Surgical and Dental Operator ·  Tangle & Noils Wigmakers & Perruquiers ·  Tatoo Artist ·  The Three Sheets ·  Trading Card Shop ·  Tut's Nuts ·  Twilfitt and Tattings ·  Twinkle's Telescopes ·  Unidentified shop ·  Vietch's Leeches ·  Wand Showroom ·  Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes ·  What Larks! Songbird Specialists ·  Whizz Hard Books ·  Wiseacre's Wizarding
Equipment ·  Wynch & Tugg Movers ·  ZA Coffee  Brews and Stews ·  Daily Prophet's main office ·  Diagon Alley stalls ·  GalleLoans ·  Gold Pole ·  Gringotts Wizarding Bank ·  The Ministry Press ·  Ollivanders Wand Repair and Re-Tooling ·  Peter Boat ·  TerrorTours  1 Diagon Alley ·  129b Diagon Alley ·  18a Diagon Alley ·  275 Diagon Alley ·  343 Diagon Alley South ·  521 Diagon Alley ·  59 Diagon Alley ·  92 Diagon Alley ·  93 Diagon Alley ·   94 Diagon Alley ·  Penny Haywood's flat  Archibald Bennett ·  Broom Shop shopkeeper ·  Badeea Ali ·  Badeea Ali's uncle ·  Clutterbuck Crispe ·  Cranville Quincey ·  Daily Prophet personnel ·  Edwin Avarus ·  Florean Fortescue's Ice Cream Parlour attendant · Fred Weasley ·  Garrick Ollivander ·  George Weasley ·  Healer ·  Jimmy Kiddell ·  J. Pippin ·  Penny Haywood · Penny Haywood's flatmate · Madam Primpernelle ·  Manager of Gambol and Japes Wizarding Joke Shop ·  Mulpepper ·  Podric Batworthy ·  Ronald Weasley ·  Shimmy Hardoteer ·  Sugarplum ·  Unidentified florist in Diagon Alley ·  Verity ·  Villanelle  Armando Dippet · Albus Dumbledore · Barberus Bragge · Bertie Bott · Carlotta Pinkstone · Dzou Yen · Falco Aesalon · Godric Gryffindor · Harry Potter · Herpo the Foul · Helga Hufflepuff · Montague Knightley · Phillipus von Hohenheim · Rowena Ravenclaw · Salazar Slytherin  Alberic Grunnion · Alberta Toothill · Andros the Invincible · Artemisia Lufkin · Blenheim Stalk · Bowman Wright · Chauncey Oldridge · Circe · Cliodna · Crispin Cronk · Cyprian Youdle · Daisy Dodderidge · Derwent Shimpling · Donaghan Tremlett · Dunbar Oglethorpe · Dymphna Furmage · Elfrida Clagg · Felix Summerbee · Fulbert the Fearful · Gaspard Shingleton · Gideon Crumb · Glenda Chittock · Gondoline Oliphant · Gregory the Smarmy · Gwenog Jones · Honoria Nutcombe · Ignatia Wildsmith · Joscelind Wadcock · Kirley Duke · Laverne de Montmorency · Leopoldina Smethwyck · Maeve · Mirabella Plunkett · Mopsus · Morgan le Fay · Oswald Beamish · Roderick Plumpton · Sacharissa Tugwood · Thaddeus Thurkell · Wendelin the Weird · Xavier Rastrick  Adalbert Waffling · Almeric Sawbridge · Archibald Alderton · Balfour Blane · Beatrix Bloxam · Beaumont Marjoribanks · Bridget Wenlock · Burdock Muldoon · Cassandra Vablatsky · Celestina Warbeck · Cornelius Agrippa · Devlin Whitehorn · Dorcas Wellbeloved · Edgar Stroulger · Elladora Ketteridge · Ethelred the Ever-Ready · Flavius Belby · Gifford Ollerton · Glanmore Peakes · Glover Hipworth · Greta Catchlove · Grogan Stump · Gulliver Pokeby · Gunhilda de Gorsemoor · Havelock Sweeting · Hengist of Woodcroft · Heathcote Barbary · Herman Wintringham · Hesper Starkey · Jocunda Sykes · Justus Pilliwickle · Merlin · Merton Graves · Merwyn the Malicious · Miranda Goshawk · Mungo Bonham
· Musidora Barkwith · Myron Wagtail · Newton Scamander · Norvel Twonk · Orsino Thruston · Perpetua Fancourt · Quong Po · Roland Kegg · Stoddard Withers · Tilly Toke · Uric the Oddball · Yardley Platt  Blodwyn Bludd · Vlad Drakul · Amarillo Lestoat · Carmilla Sanguina · Herbert Varney  Babayaga · Malodora Grymm · Old Mother Hubbard · Cordelia Misericordia · Leticia Somnolens  Bran the Bloodthirsty · Cyclops · Goliath · Morholt · Hengist of Upper Barnton  Alguff the Awful · Eargit the Ugly · Gringott · Ug the Unreliable · Urg the Unclean  Common Welsh Green · Hebridean Black · Hungarian Horntail · Norwegian Ridgeback · Romanian Longhorn  Billywig · Bowtruckle · Doxy · Double-ended Newt · Giant Purple Toad · Giant Squid · Gnome · Gytrash · Imp · Kelpie · Manticore · Mountain troll · Streeler · Phoenix · Unicorn


Kendra Dumbledore   Biographical information  Born Between Summer 1850 and Summer 1851[1]   Died Summer 1899[2] (aged 48)[1]Godric's Hollow, West Country, England, Great Britain   Blood status Muggle-born[3]   Marital status Widowed   Nationality English    Physical information  Species Human   Gender Female   Hair colour Jet-black[4]   Eye colour Dark[5]    Relationship information  Family members Honoria (sister or sister-in-law)Percival Dumbledore (husband) †Albus Dumbledore (son) †Aberforth Dumbledore (son)Ariana Dumbledore (daughter) †Aurelius Dumbledore (biological grandson)[6]Dumbledore family (in-laws/descendants)   Romances Percival Dumbledore (husband) †    Affiliation  Loyalty Dumbledore family   [Source]   Kendra Dumbledore (c. 1851[1] – summer 1899)[2] was a Muggle-born witch[3] and the wife of Percival Dumbledore. She was also the mother of Albus, Aberforth, and Ariana Dumbledore. When her daughter Ariana was fourteen years old she lost control of her magic, causing an explosion that killed Kendra,[7] as she had become an Obscurus.[6] After her death, Albus (her oldest son) was left to care for Aberforth and Ariana, as Percival was in Azkaban.   After her daughter, Ariana, was attacked by Muggle boys who saw her perform magic, Kendra moved the family to Godric's Hollow, while her husband was imprisoned in Azkaban for taking revenge upon the Muggles who hurt Ariana. He did not reveal his reasons to the Ministry of Magic, and both he and Kendra kept the attack a secret, out of fear that Ariana would be considered a threat to the International Statute of Wizarding Secrecy and confined to St Mungo's, as the attack left the young witch mentally disturbed and unable to control her magic.[8]  While her husband was imprisoned and her sons attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, Kendra took care of Ariana. Rumours, spread by people such as Muriel and her cousin Lancelot, suggested that Kendra was keeping her "Squib" daughter locked up in a cellar. When Ariana was fourteen years old, she lost control of her magic, and the explosion she caused killed Kendra.[7] Albus and Elphias Doge attended the funeral, along with Aberforth.[8]  After Kendra's death, the cause of which "nobody ever seemed sure" (according to Muriel),[9] Ariana was taken care of by her oldest brother Albus. She was eventually killed in a three-way duel between Albus, Aberforth, and Gellert Grindelwald.[8]  Kendra had jet black hair which she tended to wear in a high bun, dark eyes, high cheekbones, and a straight nose. Harry Potter, upon seeing a photograph of her, thought she looked Native American, possibly indicating her heritage. He also thought her face had a "carved quality", and noted her expression as being "formally composed".  Little is known about Kendra Dumbledore, but much was said about her in gossip. Muriel deemed her a proud, terrifying woman who cared a great deal for her reputation and pretended not to be Muggle-born, apparently aspiring to higher social status; Muriel also stated that she was ashamed by her "Squib" daughter Ariana and she kept her locked in
a cellar. However, Muriel gossiped maliciously about many people, thus her opinion was not necessarily reliable. Elphias Doge, a good and close friend of her son Albus, described Kendra as a "fine woman", implying she was of good nature and had deep love for her family.   Statements made by her son Aberforth Dumbledore suggest that Kendra made keeping the secret of her daughter's condition her priority, and was strict with her children about following her example. She seems to have kept herself isolated from other people. Given her manner of death and Aberforth's claim that he was able to get Ariana to eat and to calm down when Kendra could not, she may have had a slightly less strong relationship with her daughter, as well as her sons. Despite this, however, Kendra evidently loved her daughter and since she was able to keep Ariana calm while Aberforth was at school, she was most likely far closer to Ariana then Albus was.  Ariana, her only daughter, who she and her husband gave up everything to protect Kendra was devastated by her daughter's attack. Percival Dumbledore, her husband, retaliated against the Muggle boys who assaulted Ariana, and was sent to Azkaban. He never told the Ministry of Magic his reasons, knowing that if her condition were discovered, Ariana would be permanently confined to St Mungo's as a threat to the Statute of Secrecy. To maintain this secrecy, Kendra moved her family to Godric's Hollow and looked after Ariana. However, while Ariana's brother Aberforth was the only one able to keep her calm, the fact that Kendra was able to live alone with Ariana while Aberforth was away at school implies that Kendra and Ariana bore a close mother-daughter relationship. Eventually, Ariana accidentally killed her mother in an explosion of uncontrollable magic.[8]  Albus and Aberforth, her sons Kendra's relationship with her two sons, Albus and Aberforth Dumbledore, is largely unknown. She read The Warlock's Hairy Heart from The Tales of Beedle the Bard to Albus at least, implying she at least tried to have a good relationship with them. However, while he was devastated by his mother's death, Aberforth resented her secretive nature and bitterly stated that they only learnt lies and secrets from her and that they were better off, though he evidently still loved her a lot. When Albus looked into the Mirror of Erised, he saw his family alive and whole, showing that even if Kendra's relationship with Albus was not so good, although it can be assumed to be better than the one she had with Aberforth and despite being bitter at her mother for dying and leaving him as head of the family, Albus still loved her truly.


At least some content in this article is derived from information featured in: Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery & Harry Potter: Puzzles & Spells & Harry Potter: Magic Awakened.As such, spoilers will be present within the article.          Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore   Biographical information  Born Between 16 and 31 August 1881Mould-on-the-Wold, England, Great Britain[1][2][3][4][5]   Died 30 June 1997 (aged 115)Astronomy Tower, Hogwarts Castle, Highlands, Scotland, Great Britain[6][4]   Blood status Half-blood[7]   Marital status Single   Nationality English   Title(s) PrefectHead BoyProfessor[8]Head of Transfiguration (formerly)[9]Headmaster[8]Grand SorcererSupreme Mugwump (formerly)Chief Warlock     Signature     Physical information  Species Human[10]   Gender Male[10]   Height 5'11"[5]   Weight 175 lbs (formerly; 1932)[11]168 lbs (1997)[5]   Hair colour Auburn (originally)[12][13]Silver[14]   Eye colour Blue[15]   Skin colour Fair[11]    Relationship information  Family members Percival Dumbledore (father) †Kendra Dumbledore (mother) †Aberforth Dumbledore (younger brother)Ariana Dumbledore (younger sister) †Aurelius Dumbledore (biological nephew)[16]Honoria (aunt)Dumbledore family   Romances Gellert Grindelwald (former lover) †    Magical characteristics  Boggart The corpse of his sister, Ariana[17]   Wand Unknown length, wood and core (formerly)15", Elder, Thestral tail hair core[4][18]   Patronus Phoenix[19][20][21]    Affiliation  Occupation Professor of Defence Against the Dark Arts at Hogwarts (1910s)[22]Head of Transfiguration department (?-pre 1955)[9]Columnist for Transfiguration Today (1926–?)[23]Headmaster of Hogwarts (pre 1971[24]–1997)Supreme Mugwump of the International Confederation of Wizards (?–1995)   House Gryffindor[25]   Loyalty Dumbledore familyHogwarts School of Witchcraft and WizardryGryffindor[25]Transfiguration departmentGellert Grindelwald (formerly)[26]Order of MerlinDumbledore's first armyOrder of the PhoenixBritish Ministry of MagicCouncil of Magical LawWizengamotInternational Confederation of WizardsHarry PotterDumbledore's Army   [Source]   Professor Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore, O.M. (First Class), Grand Sorc., D. Wiz., X.J. (sorc.), S. of Mag.Q.[27] (August[2] 1881[4] – 30 June 1997)[4] was an English half-blood wizard. He was the Defence Against the Dark Arts Professor, later the Transfiguration Professor, and later the Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. He also served as Supreme Mugwump of the International Confederation of Wizards (?–1995) and Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot (?–1995; 1996–1997). A Muggle-supporting wizard, though the absolute opposite in his earlier years, he was considered to have been the greatest wizard of modern times.  Albus Dumbledore was the son of Percival and Kendra Dumbledore, and the elder brother of Aberforth and Ariana. His father died in Azkaban when Albus was young, while his mother and sister were later accidentally killed. His early losses greatly affected him early on, even at his death many years later, but, in turn, made him a better person.  While initially unable to directly act against Gellert Grindelwald due to their past blood pact, the Ministry's surveillance of him, his love for Grindelwald, and his lingering guilt over his sister's death, Dumbledore sent Newt Scamander to New York to release the Thunderbird Frank, and later sent Newt to Paris to rescue Credence Barebone. After the tragic death of Leta
Lestrange in Paris, Dumbledore became determined to contribute helpful advice to the resistance against Grindelwald, notably Newt, Theseus, Tina, Jacob, Yusuf, and Nagini in the global wizarding war. Initially unbeknownst to Dumbledore, however, Grindelwald intended to use the former's alleged Obscurial relative, Aurelius Dumbledore, as a weapon against him.  Following the global wizarding war, regardless of Aurelius's fate, Dumbledore became most famous for defeating Grindelwald in what was considered to be the most epic duel of all time. He also gained much more recognition with his involvement in the discovery of the twelve uses of dragon's blood and his work on alchemy with Nicolas Flamel.  It was through Dumbledore that resistance to the rise of Lord Voldemort was formed. He founded and led the Order of the Phoenix during the First Wizarding War. Following Voldemort's return and the start of the Second Wizarding War after the resignation of Cornelius Fudge, Dumbledore swiftly formed and led the second Order of the Phoenix. He would also support Jacob's sibling in the latter's quest for the Cursed Vaults, and consistently aid Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, and Hermione Granger during their first six years at Hogwarts, thus leading them to name Dumbledore's Army after him.  Due to the fact that he had a keen mind and legendary power, Dumbledore became the only wizard that Voldemort ever feared. He was the wielder and the master of the Elder Wand from 1945 until 1997, and considered by many as the greatest Hogwarts Headmaster. As he was about to die by a cursed ring, Dumbledore planned his own death with Severus Snape. Per the plan, Dumbledore was killed by Snape during the Battle of the Astronomy Tower.  Though he was no longer alive at the time, it was through Dumbledore's manipulations that Voldemort was ultimately defeated, and lasting peace finally restored to the wizarding world. Dumbledore was the only Headmaster who was laid to rest at Hogwarts. A portrait of him was later put in place in his office at Hogwarts. Harry Potter later named his second son, Albus Severus Potter, after him.  Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore was born to Kendra and Percival Dumbledore in the summer[2] of 1881, in the mainly wizarding village of Mould-on-the-Wold.[5] The early years of Dumbledore's life were marked by tragedy when his younger sister, Ariana Dumbledore, was attacked by a group of Muggle boys, who saw her performing magic and were frightened by what they saw.  Ariana was left mentally and emotionally scarred by the event and her magical powers were left severely altered and would manifest themselves on rare occasions usually in random or destructive ways. Albus's father, Percival Dumbledore, was heartbroken and set out in search of his own brand of justice. He located the Muggle boys and attacked them, as they had his daughter. For this, Percival was sentenced to Azkaban where he later died, choosing the sentence over explaining why he had attacked the boys as it would have meant Ariana being taken away.  To escape the accusing eyes of the
local community, Kendra Dumbledore moved her young family to the village of Godric's Hollow which, like Mould-on-the-Wold, was a part-wizarding village. Fearing - like her husband - that the ousting of her daughter's inability to control her magical ability would see her confined indefinitely to St Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries, Kendra rebuffed all her neighbours, with the eventual exception of Bathilda Bagshot, preferring to be left alone: and Albus learned not to mention his  sister or father in public.[28]  Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry Dumbledore began attending Hogwarts in the autumn of 1892 and was Sorted into Gryffindor house. Dumbledore's first year was met with much whispering about his father's crime. Many of Albus's fellow students mistakenly believed that, like father like son, Albus too hated Muggles. Some praised his father's actions, hoping to gain his trust, but they would not find favour with the young Dumbledore this way. Though later in his young life, under the influence of his love for Gellert Grindelwald, some anti-Muggle prejudice did develop, but he soon saw the error of his intent.[28] He befriended a young Elphias Doge on his first day at Hogwarts; Doge was suffering from the aftermath of Dragon Pox at the time (greenish skin and pockmarks), which discouraged most from approaching him. Dumbledore, however, demonstrated his uncommon kindness and willingness to look past the surface and find inner beauty in people.[28]  In his third year, Dumbledore presumably took Study of Ancient Runes and at least one other subject, which was known not to be Divination. During his fourth year, he accidentally set the bed-curtains in his dormitory on fire, (although he admitted that he had never liked them anyway). and, being the single most outstanding student in the school at the time, was made both a prefect during his fifth year, and Head Boy in his seventh. As an exceptionally gifted student of prodigious talents, Albus's aptitude for magical learning was such that he would eventually grow up to become arguably the greatest wizard of his day through largely his own efforts, he was noted to have had access to various highly accomplished teachers in his youth, who each would have played a part in nurturing his magical skills and helping him reach his full potential.[29] Indeed: At some point over the course of his school career, Albus even won the Barnabus Finkley Prize for Exceptional Spell-Casting, became the British Youth Representative to the Wizengamot, and received the Gold Medal for Ground-Breaking Contribution to the International Alchemical Conference in Cairo, and considered by some to have been the most brilliant student to have ever attended the school.[28] In addition, Dumbledore also became very well-connected during his Hogwarts years, making notable friends such as Nicolas Flamel, Bathilda Bagshot, and Griselda Marchbanks, who marked him in his N.E.W.T.s for Charms and Transfiguration and later recalled that he did things with a wand that she had never seen before. He also had several of his papers published during his studies and exchanged letters with theoretician Adalbert Waffling.[30] 
Albus (right) with his best friend and lover Gellert Grindelwald (left) in 1899 After graduating from Hogwarts in June 1899, Dumbledore planned to take the traditional Grand Tour of the world with his friend Doge. However, tragedy ensued on the eve of the departure when Kendra Dumbledore was killed by an outburst of Ariana's uncontrollable magic, leaving Albus the head of his own broken family and now in charge of his younger siblings. Albus returned to Godric's Hollow full of bitter resentment at his situation, feeling trapped and wasted, although he refused to let Aberforth quit school and insisted he complete his education first before taking care of Ariana. Fortune finally appeared to shine on Dumbledore, however, when a foreigner arrived at their little village, by the name of Gellert Grindelwald.  In the summer of 1899, Albus was introduced to Gellert by his great-aunt Bathilda Bagshot. After a day of knowing each other, they quickly struck up a close friendship. The two of them spent days together, sharing ideas and talking, and building their relationship. They learned a lot about each other and even shared the same inspirations and what they wanted to spend their lives doing. One night, Albus sent a letter by owl to Gellert in the 'dead of night'.  A young man around Albus's age, he lived for the next two months with his great-aunt, the celebrated magical historian and family friend of the Dumbledores, Bathilda Bagshot, who introduced the two soon after Grindelwald crossed her doorstep. Thrilled to realise that the newcomer was every bit as brilliant as himself, the two young men took to each other right away and quickly struck up a close friendship, unified by the revelation of Grindelwald's research into the existence and whereabouts of the fabled Deathly Hallows. Dumbledore also quickly became fascinated by Grindelwald's ideas of wizarding domination, obviously considering Grindelwald an unexpected new chance to show his own brilliance and come out of the local misery. Over the course of the two months Grindelwald stayed in Godric's Hollow, the two young men's friendship became romantic, with Albus ignoring any misgivings he had about Gellert's dark intents by convincing himself the revolution they were planning to embark on was truly "For the Greater Good", and that any harm caused would be repaid a thousandfold after its conclusion.[28]  Albus and Gellert forming their loyalty and love bond One night, Albus and Gellert walked to a barn in which they went inside with plans to create a blood pact together, forming a love bond that could only be broken if their spells met without intent to attack one another.  Sometime between Albus and Gellert's relationship, Aberforth fell in love also, with a girl from Godric's Hollow, and their relationship led to her becoming pregnant with Aberforth's child. However, the girl was "sent away", presumably by her family, and Aberforth wouldn't see his son again for over thirty years. Albus was aware of rumours that there was a child from the relationship, but he never knew for sure as the distance
between the brothers resulted in Aberforth not confiding in or seeking Albus' help with the situation.[31]  Near the end of the summer, after Albus and Gellert both completely knew and agreed upon everything, with their blood pact in hand, they had plans to start a global wizarding war, and to force Muggles into subservience, with full intent on becoming the great leaders of the revolution. Aberforth knew he had to stay behind, for his sister Ariana. With his brother about to leave, Aberforth had to stop him and young Grindelwald from leaving him and their sister. He confronted them one night and was told that he was a stupid little boy by Gellert for doing so. After Aberforth and Gellert yelled and made countless threats, Aberforth drew his wand, but was tortured by Gellert, though he laughed. Albus realised then how horrible a person Grindelwald truly was and stepped in to defend his younger brother, and a three-way duel broke out between Gellert Grindelwald, Albus Dumbledore, and Aberforth Dumbledore. Ariana Dumbledore ran down the stairs to see what was happening and to try to help the ruckus, but did not know what she was doing and was inadvertently killed by one of the teenagers' stray spells. Gellert retreated quickly to his great-aunt's cottage, where he had her make him a Portkey to take him back home. Albus and Aberforth both rushed towards their sister's body, and cried in regret and pity.  Soon after, they held a funeral for Ariana, at which Aberforth broke Albus's nose out of pure anger and sadness at what he had done.  Shortly thereafter, Albus, who had been exchanging owls with the famous researcher as far back when he had been a student at Hogwarts, travelled to France and spent some time in Paris studying the ancient art and science of alchemy under the tutelage of Nicholas Flamel.[32] He presumably did so in order to both give his brother some space, as well as to get away for a bit and spend his time grieving more productively than he otherwise would have done simply wallowing in his own misery. It is unknown when exactly he returned to Britain, but around the time he did, Albus had become intrigued with the study of dragon's blood, and was ultimately credited with the discovery of no less than twelve new uses for it[33] (even though a wizard by the name of Ivor Dillonsby would later claim that he had already discovered eight of them when Dumbledore "borrowed" his notes);[30] an accomplishment that earned him widespread recognition and ultimately played no small role in the subsequent offer he received of a teaching position at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.[34] Having always had a deep fondness for the old school and felt drawn towards teaching even as a student,[30] Albus was happy to accept. At some point after this, he had the unfortunate experience of tasting a vomit-flavoured Bertie Bott's Every Flavour Bean, as a result of which he lost his liking for the sweets.[8]  Dumbledore teaching Defence
Against the Dark Arts And so it was that Albus Dumbledore returned to Hogwarts Castle, not to learn this time, but to teach. Burdened by the secret knowledge of Grindelwald's imminent rise to power and wanting to rectify past mistakes, it was natural, perhaps, that he felt drawn towards the job of Defence Against the Dark Arts instructor, a position in which he could most easily prepare his charges for the dangers he knew one day would come.[35] Albus, who would henceforth come to be known to successive generations of students as 'Professor Dumbledore', was granted Classroom 3C on the third-floor and an office.[36] Around the same time, the bookish young educator also procured and read a copy of The Predictions of Tycho Dodonus.[37]  At some point early on in his teaching career, Albus became aware of the existence of an ancient magical artefact of unknown origin within the school; a looking-glass with a grim history that was far more revealing than most.[38] Having once been kept out in the open where hundreds of people could discover the apparent delights of the Mirror of Erised,[38] it had since been given a new home after a large number of them had become so entranced by what they had seen as to waste away before it. Some had reportedly even gone mad; not knowing if what it showed them was real or even possible.[38] He eventually found it, however, safely tucked away in a hidden room on the uppermost floor of the castle that would only reveal itself to someone if they were in great need of it.[39] The device, however, which upon closer examination turned out to have been bewitched with the tantalising power of showing those who stared into its surface a vision of their heart's deepest desire,[38] proved interesting rather than useful.[40] Intrigued by the mirror as a fascinating piece of magical ingenuity, Albus was nevertheless painfully aware that his greatest yearning at the time was for something impossible, and that clinging on to a wish that could never – and for obvious reasons ought never – to be fulfilled could only hurt him, Dumbledore eventually decided to leave the mirror where it was, covered by a curtain of black velvet. It would take many years before he went to visit it again.[35]  Even though the freshly hired instructor would henceforth largely busy himself with the training of young witches and wizards, Albus would continue to keep in touch with Nicolas Flamel, alongside whom he would eventually achieve a number of advancements in the field of alchemy over the years as their relationship blossomed from that of student-and-mentor, to that of an equal partnership and near life-long friendship.[8] At some point after this, Albus would visit his old friend and pose for a photograph in Flamel's workshop alongside his celebrated mentor, with many of his alchemical tools and equipment being visible in the background, as well as crystal ball and a book with a phoenix on the cover.[32]  Dumbledore teaching Newt Scamander, Leta Lestrange and other students the
Boggart-Banishing Spell In the 1910s, Dumbledore taught Hufflepuff Newton Scamander and Slytherin Leta Lestrange. One of his lessons involved confronting a Boggart and learning the spell to banish it. When Newt's Boggart turned into a desk, Dumbledore commented on its unexpected nature and kindly inquired why it took this form: Newt confessed that his greatest fear was being stuck working in an office. After Newt successfully dispatched the Boggart, Dumbledore encouraged Leta to take her turn, reassuring her that being afraid of something wasn't shameful; everyone was afraid of something. The form of Leta's Boggart surprised both Dumbledore and the entire class: a white sheet containing an undistinguishable, slight form floating through a dark blue glow. The event badly shook Leta.[35]  In 1913, one of Leta's experiments with a Jarvey went too far endangering the life of another student. Newt decided to take the blame and was sentenced to expulsion. Dumbledore, however, argued strongly on his behalf. Whether Newt's expulsion was enforced or not is unknown, but Dumbledore succeeded in at least allowing Newt to keep his wand.[41]  During his time at Hogwarts, Dumbledore also developed close relationships and friendships with wizards and witches throughout the world. Among these friends, he counted the French alchemist Nicolas Flamel and Ilvermorny Charms Professor Eulalie Hicks. He maintained close contact with these friends in the form of enchanted books they all possessed which allowed them to speak despite the distance. The British Ministry of Magic, which was already suspicious of Dumbledore because of his past connection to Grindelwald, was wary of these relationships, believing that he used these contacts as spies to allow him to act as an independent authority to theirs, and maintained a close watch on Dumbledore and his allies. Chief among Dumbledore's rivals within the Ministry was Torquil Travers, the Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, who never tried to hide his dislike for the Hogwarts teacher.[35]  Throughout the early days of the global wizarding war, a series of devastating attacks was perpetrated by Gellert Grindelwald and his cadre of followers across Europe,[42] and rumours begun circulating that his former friend had procured a wand of immense power, which Albus, who was privy to the aspiring revolutionary's Quest for the Deathly Hallows, understood to mean that he had successfully obtained the Elder Wand.[43] Sometime afterwards, word reached Albus through his extensive contacts that Grindelwald had had another vision: He had seen a powerful Obscurus kill the man he feared above all else;[44] and even though the pact they had made all those years ago not to fight one another had ultimately worked in Grindelwald's favour by effectively preventing Albus from coming after him, it was clear that he still harboured fears that Dumbledore might still find a way to overcome it and move against him. Only too aware that he was quite possibly the only wizard alive capable of bringing a definitive end to Grindelwald's reign of terror, however, Dumbledore continued to monitor and to try to anticipate Grindelwald's activities in the hopes of intercepting the attempted
recruitment of the Obscurus.  It was only years later, around December of 1926 that Dumbledore's patient monitoring of Grindelwald's movements through second-hand accounts paid off; when he heard about the series of magical disturbances that were causing severe devastation throughout the city of New York that risked the exposure of the wizarding world. Having correctly guessed that the mysterious attacks to be the work of a powerful Obscurial and, forever mindful of the fact that if he could figure out where the prophesied entity was located, so could Grindelwald. Hence, Albus decided to arrange for his plans to be thwarted.[35] To this end, he contacted his old student, Newt Scamander, who had become a Magizoologist in the employment of the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures at the Ministry of Magic in London and had been travelling throughout the world, locating and rescuing magical creatures from his fellow wizards; whether it was because they were greedy poachers seeking to profit off of them, or otherwise targeted them for the perceived threat they posed to the Statute of Secrecy.  Dumbledore told Newt of a Thunderbird that was being held captive in Egypt, knowing he would not stand for such an injustice and would not only rescue him but also return him to his native Arizona. To accomplish this, Newt would have to pass through the Muggle customs in New York; where his visit would co-concur with both the Obscurial attacks and Grindelwald's scheme to locate, identify and ally himself with the culprit. Trusting Newt to do the right thing and protect the Obscurial from Grindelwald, it turned out that his confidence in Newt's character and ability was well placed: Newt's involvement resulted not only in the discovery of Credence Barebone, the most powerful Obscurus ever recorded (the only one to survive into adulthood), but also in the capture of Grindelwald, who had been disguised as a high-ranking official at MACUSA by the name of Percival Graves to find the Obscurus. While there, however, Newt got in trouble when a number of the magical creatures his case escaped and ran loose in areas of the city inhabited mainly by Non-magical people.[41][35]  Dumbledore mentioned in the Transfiguration Today periodical For his role in the incident in New York, as well as his reluctance and evasiveness in providing his superiors at the Ministry details about why he had been in New York in the first place, Newt was banned from travelling internationally by the Ministry, a ban they offered to lift if he confessed that Dumbledore had been the one to send him to New York. Although he realised that Dumbledore had covertly sent him to New York, Newt remained loyal to his old teacher and refused to confess his role in the affair.[35] Even in later years, when the rumours were published by Rita Skeeter in a biography of Newt called Man or Monster? The TRUTH about Newt Scamander, he continued to deny that Dumbledore was responsible for his trip to New York in the foreword of a new
edition of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.  In the same year Dumbledore became a regular columnist for Transfiguration Today, with the Daily Prophet quoting him as saying he was "enraptured!" to be writing for the magazine.[23]  Albus walking with Newt in Trafalgar Square In 1927, when Grindelwald had escaped, Dumbledore, knowing that he would not be able to fight him due to their blood pact, met with Newt in London to ask him for help. He sent his former student to Paris to find Credence Barebone, who had survived his supposed destruction in New York.[35]  Dumbledore asking Newt Scamander for help in London, 1927 Albus told Newt who it was thought that Credence's true identity was. He then gave Scamander a card which directed straight to a 'safe house' in Paris, where he could go if he needed to hide for a time.[35]  Travers putting Dumbledore into Admonitors during interrogation The rumours of Newt's potential travel to France reached the British Ministry of Magic, and a delegation of Aurors, including Newt's brother Theseus Scamander and Torquil Travers, was sent to Hogwarts Castle to question Dumbledore. Travers demanded that Dumbledore fight Grindelwald for him, but Albus refused, which angered Travers to the point that he cuffed Dumbledore into Admonitors and forbade him from ever teaching Defence Against the Dark Arts again. Dumbledore turned to Theseus, who was last in leaving the classroom, and warned him that if he'd ever trusted him, he should not let Travers send him to Grindelwald's rally.[35]  Dumbledore talking with Leta Lestrange about her past Moments later, in one of the classrooms, he met Leta Lestrange, who was also in the delegation, but had separated herself from the group of Aurors. Leta accused Albus of being the only one who did not consider her bad in her youth and stated that he was wrong about this. Dumbledore mentioned that rumours about her brother Corvus Lestrange, who was now believed to be Credence Barebone, must have been painful for her, which angered the witch, who interrupted his statement and added that he could not understand her, because he did not lose his brother. Dumbledore only replied that years ago he lost his sister, Ariana. Ending the conversation, Albus advised her to get rid of regret because it was his inseparable companion since the death of his sister.[35]  Dumbledore viewing his dark past with Gellert One night, Dumbledore went to the Room of Requirement, where the Mirror of Erised was stored. At first, to his joy, he saw an old memory he still valued of himself and Grindelwald from the time when their friendship was at its peak that led to them sealing their bond with a blood pact in a barn, swearing to never fight each other. Dumbledore also saw Grindelwald himself from the present. Albus was longing for this meeting, while at the same time being very afraid of it, because he knew that he was the only person who could stop Grindelwald, and he could face the truth about who
Ariana's killer was.[35]  Newt giving Dumbledore the blood pact pendant at Hogwarts After the battle of the Lestrange family Mausoleum, Dumbledore was waiting for Newt at Hogwarts. Albus expressed his sadness over Leta's death at Grindelwald's hands. Then, the magizoologist gave him an object stolen by Teddy. It was the pendant of his former teacher's blood pact with Grindelwald, leaving Albus to ponder if he could destroy it, which would allow him to finally participate in the war and defeat the Dark wizard once and for all. Dumbledore asked Newt if his Niffler Teddy would like a cup of tea and they went off to talk about what must be done.[35]  Sometime in between 1927 and 1932, Albus planned to meet with his past boyfriend Gellert Grindelwald. Albus took a train to the London Underground and up to Piccadilly Circus and pondered before walking off to a London café to have a meeting with his former partner, Gellert Grindelwald.[31]  Albus Dumbledore and Gellert Grindelwald's restaurant meeting He ordered a cup of tea for himself and informed the waitress that he was waiting for somebody, who was Gellert Grindelwald. Gellert came late to this meeting.[31] The two distant lovers, discussed their common past and goals. Albus claimed to only have followed Gellert due to being in love. Grindelwald expressed his distaste for the Muggles present and informed Dumbledore of his intention to destroy their world, with or without Dumbledore's help, but he did acknowledge that they knew how to brew a good cup of tea.[16]  Knowing the dangers of Gellert Grindelwald were growing, Albus enlisted Newton Scamander to assemble an army, filled with intrepid wizardkind, while also trying to figure out a way to destroy the blood pact created by his lover and him in their youth.[16]  Albus showing Theseus alongside Newt the blood pact Albus came to the Hog's Head Inn to meet with Newt Scamander and Theseus Scamander. In one of the rooms he demonstrated to the Scamander brothers that his blood pact was not only preventing him from attacking Grindelwald, but also was preventing him from thinking of attacking Gellert. After the thought of attacking Grindelwald flashed through his mind, the blood pact vial shot up and began to tear into the wall, then the chain it was hanging from was wrapped around Albus's wrists, deeply injuring him. If Albus hadn't pushed the forbidden thought out of his head, the chain would continue to hurt him, until he would eventually die of his wounds. Dumbledore stopped his demonstration and the chain loosened. He also told Theseus that he had to trust him. Albus explained to the Scamander brothers that the Qilin that Grindelwald stole had some special abilities and because of them Gellert could saw visions of the future, so the brothers had to be very careful.[16]  Before departing to Berlin, Dumbledore had given each of his army something to confuse Grindelwald, as they had to compensate for his ability to see the future. Newt gave them all the items Albus had entrusted to
them: Theseus got a tie with a large gold pin, Jacob got a serpentine wand but with no core, so it had no power; Bunty was given a list of instructions that only she could see. In the instructions Dumbledore ordered her to make some copies of Newt's suitcase. After reading them, the instructions fell apart. Yusuf was ordered to go to Nurmengard and spy on Grindelwald, while Lally already had the Portkey book.[16]  Later Dumbledore arrived in Berlin himself, where he met with Newt, Lally and Jacob. Albus asked Lally and Jacob to go to the candidates dinner, as he suspected that there will be some kind of assassination attempt. Dumbledore also revealed to Newt the location of the mysterious German wizarding prison, Erkstag, where Theseus was being imprisoned.[16]  Albus fighting Credence Barebone in Berlin Sometime after, he found Aurelius Dumbledore in Berlin on a street. Credence released his Obscurus and started the fight. Albus successfully defended himself, but Credence's condition did not allow him to win this fight. Dumbledore assured Credence that Grindelwald had lied to him, and that they were not brothers, but told him that they "do share the same", and he is a Dumbledore.[16]  Albus with Newt's army in the Great Hall After Newt put together his team of his chosen wizards, Albus invited them to Hogwarts and while in the Great Hall showed them a sculpture of where they were heading. The destination of their journey was Bhutan. The walk of the Qilin was to be held there, and a new Supreme Mugwump was to be elected.[16]  Dumbledore invited his crew to dinner at Hog's Head, where Aberforth prepared a meal for them. Albus explained to Aberforth that Credence was the son of Aberforth, the fruit of a relationship with a girl from Godric's Hollow. It turned out that Newt had overheard their conversation. After Aberforth left the room, Albus told Newt the truth about Credence and that the boy was dying and could not be saved. He also revealed that his sister, Ariana, was an Obscurial like Credence, and that she died as a result of a fight between him, Aberforth and Grindelwald. Newt tried to cheer Albus, but to no avail, as Albus blamed himself for his sister's death.[16]  Later, Dumbledore waited with Bunty for Newt, Theseus, Jacob and Lally in the Room of Requirement. There were five identical suitcases waiting for them, in one of them was hidden Qilin. Dumbledore asked Newt if he knew which of the suitcases was real, to which Newt replied that he did not know. Dumbledore replied that it was good, because if he had known, the plan would not work. Dumbledore had successfully planned an escape plan in case Grindelwald's men would attack. The three suitcases contained enchanted books, Quaffle, Bludgers, and Jacob's pastries that would attack the Grindelwald's acolytes in case of trouble. Everyone, apart from Albus, took one suitcase and they all used a Qilin Ceremony Portkey to the Magisterial Chamber of Ancient Wizardry in Bhutan. Dumbledore and Jacob went
first, the rest followed.[16]  The Qilin bowing before Dumbledore During the ceremony, Grindelwald used the revived Qilin, which bowed to him, making him the new Supreme Mugwump. Dumbledore witnessed how Grindelwald used the Cruciatus Curse on Jacob. Newt, however, wanted to expose Grindelwald, and with the help of Credence, revealed that Grindelwald was a liar. When Bunty appeared, Newt pulled a second Qilin from the suitcase. The second Qilin bowed before Albus. While honoured by the Qilin's selection, he declined to assume office, saying there was a second person equally deserving to be Supreme Mugwump. Ultimately, Vicência Santos won the election, as the Qilin bowed to her. Out of anger, Grindelwald cast a Killing Curse at Credence, which was deflected by Albus and Aberforth.[16]  The deflected curse damaged the blood pact's pendant, which Dumbledore owned. The vial was destroyed, because neither Dumbledore nor Grindelwald thought of attacking each other; one wanted to kill someone, the other wanted to defend. Immediately, both wizards duelled each other, which ended in an impasse. When the Aurors and the rest gathered to capture Grindelwald, he told Albus before Disapparating that he had never been their enemy, now or then.[16]  Later Dumbledore witnessed Newt, Tina Goldstein, Theseus, and Lally attending Jacob's and Queenie Goldstein's wedding in New York City. Albus thanked Newt for his help, to which Newt replied that if Albus asked him again, he would help him.[16]  Dumbledore arriving at Wool's Orphanage At some point in his career, Albus also became involved with the recruitment of students for Hogwarts, becoming a special messenger for the school whose job it was to visit the young witches and wizards whose names appeared in the Book of Admittance and came from Muggle families in order to explain to their parents that magic existed and to deliver the acceptance letter in person. Most prominent among the students he recruited was Tom Riddle in 1938, who resided at Wool's Orphanage in London.[45] For the purposes of fulfilling his duty as the school's messenger, Dumbledore wrote to the matron, Mrs Cole, to schedule a meeting with her to discuss arrangements for the boy's future. Because young Riddle was a ward of the state and she the custodian of the institution at which he lived rather than the boy's legal guardian, however, Albus was purposefully vague in his reasons for wanting to meet the boy.  Thinking he might be a family member wanting to claim him, she accepted the preposition and, at the agreed upon time and date, Professor Dumbledore presented himself at the establishment in question. Shown in by one of the employees, Albus was formally introduced to Mrs Cole, who invited him to join him in her office to talk about the reasons for his visit. The news that Tom had been accepted to attend the school where Albus taught came as a surprise to Mrs Cole, who at Dumbledore's request recounted Tom Riddle's history at the orphanage, mostly notably the circumstances of Tom's birth, his anti-social behaviour and his extraordinary bad influence on the
other children; including some very nasty incidents that resulted in the death of a pet rabbit and a gathering with several of his peers in a cave that left them traumatised.[45]  Dumbledore meeting Tom Riddle Once it became clear that Albus would not be dissuaded from his mission, however, Mrs Cole agreed to let him meet the prospective student and escorted him to the upper floor to the boy's room, where the two were formally introduced. Initially suspicious and hostile towards him, Albus found himself having to assure the boy that he was not, in fact, a doctor that had come to lock him up at the asylum; showing his awareness of the matron's suspicions about his behaviour, and was finally able to extend the invitation to Hogwarts and inform him that he was, in fact, a wizard. And though he was impressed to hear, as Mrs Cole's testimony suggested, how well-developed his powers were for such a young wizard, as well as how his degree of control over them was such that he had already begun to use them intentionally. It was also during this encounter that Albus first learned that the boy was a Parselmouth; a fact that he did not find nearly as concerning as the boy's "obvious instincts for cruelty, secrecy and domination".[46]  Upon discovering that Riddle had stolen from the other children at the orphanage, Dumbledore admonished him for his behaviour and instructed him return the items to their rightful owners and apologise for taking them, warning him that he had exercised his abilities in a manner that would be unacceptable at Hogwarts, should he agree to attend. Thereafter, Dumbledore provided him with enough information to find Diagon Alley and Platform Nine and Three-Quarters, as well as a stipend from school funds so that he could purchase his books and other equipment. On account of his conduct around his peers, Dumbledore became immediately suspicious of and resolved to keep a close eye on him during his studies at the school.[46]  Professor Dumbledore talking with Tom Riddle during the first opening of the Chamber of Secrets, 1943 At an unknown point in time, Dumbledore became the Professor of Transfiguration. In the 1942–1943 school year, several Muggle-born students were mysteriously petrified by a beast rumoured to have been released by the Heir of Slytherin from the mythical Chamber of Secrets. Indeed, the final victim of the beast, Myrtle Warren, was actually killed; this act seemed likely to ensure the permanent closure of the school, forcing Riddle to go back to the orphanage. While Dumbledore rightly suspected Riddle was behind the attacks, the aspiring Dark wizard expertly framed Gryffindor student Rubeus Hagrid as the perpetrator.[47]  Riddle was able to pass off Hagrid's tamed Acromantula, Aragog, as the beast attacking students, resulting in Hagrid's expulsion and ensuring that Hogwarts remained open. Dumbledore was never able to uncover hard evidence implicating Riddle, however, he nonetheless kept a very close watch over Riddle, preventing him from opening the Chamber of Secrets again during his remaining years at Hogwarts. He
was also able to convince the Headmaster to allow Hagrid to remain at the school as the groundskeeper-in-training.[47]  Albus duelling his former lover As Dumbledore was educating young wizards and witches, Gellert Grindelwald was still at large in Europe, building up his army, and had already found one of the Deathly Hallows, the Elder Wand, which he used to continue terrorising the continent. Initially prevented from opposing Grindelwald directly because of the blood pact they once made, even once that was destroyed, Dumbledore still felt conflicted about going after his old friend. In spite of himself, he still felt a lingering love for the man Grindelwald had been, or rather, the man he had once convinced himself Grindelwald was and/or could be. More than anything, however, Dumbledore feared facing Grindelwald. While secure in his ability to defeat him in battle if it came to it, more than anything, Dumbledore was afraid Grindelwald could reveal to him that it had in fact been he himself who had cast the curse that killed Ariana.  Having delayed pursuing him as long as he could, however, at the height of Grindelwald's power, in 1945, Albus could no longer in good conscience turn a blind eye to the many atrocities of Grindelwald and his followers, and so he finally tracked his old friend down. Upon finding Grindelwald, Dumbledore engaged him in what would later be widely considered the greatest duel ever fought between two wizards. Dumbledore defeated Grindelwald and then brought him before the authorities of the magical world, and Grindelwald was imprisoned in the uppermost cell at Nurmengard, while Dumbledore kept the Elder Wand for himself.[28] Celebrated worldwide as the hero who put to rest the global wizarding war and ended Grindelwald's For the Greater Good revolution of wizarding dominance over Muggles, Dumbledore was awarded the Order of Merlin (First Class), by Leonard Spencer-Moon's administration.[48]  Resuming his career following this legendary event, Albus was offered the position of Minister for Magic several times, but he turned down the offer every time, remembering how his quest for power had been his weakness in the past. It was around this time that he encountered a house-elf named Hokey. Before she died, he took a memory from her, in which Tom Riddle showed his interest towards the magical antiques of the recently deceased Hepzibah Smith, whose death by a little-known poison had been blamed on Hokey. This memory was not sufficient evidence to show Hokey's innocence, as it only proved that Riddle was aware of the artefacts' existence.[46]  As though the opening of the legendary Chamber of Secrets some thirty odd years back had not been bad enough, however, a young witch by the name of Patricia Rakepick arrived at Hogwarts and eventually caught Dumbledore's attention not only by virtue of the fact that she had been unusually gifted magically, but also due to her extensive research into the fabled Cursed Vaults.[49] Myth would have it that there were a number of concealed rooms hidden in and around Hogwarts Castle; each shielded by a different
curse to guard priceless treasures of gold, prophecies and powerful magical artefacts dating back to before the school was founded.[50] Convinced that the vaults were real, Rakepick had tried to warn the staff about them, but seen as how neither she, nor anyone else for that matter, had ever come close enough to finding them to offer up any solid proof for their existence, her professors, Albus included, did not act on it at the time.[51]  Headmaster Dumbledore welcoming students to the new school term By the mid-1960s, the amount of Dark magical activity across the country was growing steadily, and while few knew what was behind the mounting attacks and sightings, this was but the precursor to Lord Voldemort's first rise to power. Aware that it was only a matter of time before his former student made his presence and intent known to the wizarding community at large and already preparing to actively oppose him, by the time the Death Eaters began recruiting Dark creatures to help them overthrow the Ministry of Magic,[52] and the Ministry, in turn, started to call upon the services of authorities on such matters to help it understand and contain the threat, the old Transfiguration teacher already had spies in their midst reporting to him.  It was through these contacts that Dumbledore first learned of the attack on a young boy by the name of Remus Lupin, who had been infected with lycanthropy by a Fenrir Greyback.[53] Rather than trying to manage his condition, however, the attacker had instead made it his mission in life to infect as many people as possible and was harbouring grand plans of raising an army of werewolves big enough to take over the wizarding community; and even earned quite a bit of notoriety for targeting children with the intent of raising them away from other witches and wizards in order to teach them to despise regular humans. Knowing how this would have had to have impacted the Lupin family, the old Transfiguration teacher could not help but be sympathetic to their predicament. As fortune would have it, however, a blessing in disguise presented itself when the Board of Governors was faced with the decision of finding a suitable candidate to succeed Armando Dippet and concluded that Professor Dumbledore was the best man for the job.[54]  This, in turn, granted him the authority to properly accommodate the Lupins when the time came for Remus to attend school. Shortly after Dumbledore assumed the position, by which time he had already relocated to the Headmaster's Tower and filled his new study with a number of curious magical instruments that had formerly been housed in his old classroom, Tom Riddle, now known exclusively as Lord Voldemort, approached him with the same request he had made to Dippet before him, to be allowed to return to Hogwarts as a teacher. Dumbledore, who knew of Voldemort's illicit activities since he left Hogwarts and suspected that he might have meant to use the position as means of recruiting more followers, turned down his application.
This led Voldemort to angrily jinx the position of Defence Against the Dark Arts instructor, preventing anyone from holding the position for more than a single school year. What was more; while being entrusted the stewardship of the school was, in and of itself, an honour and a privilege, it also meant that he was henceforth expected to shoulder the responsibility of making all the difficult decisions that came with leadership.  On such occasions, Dumbledore would step out into the Clock Tower Courtyard, where he found the quiet, starry night and the crisp air helpful in regard to putting one's troubles in perspective,[55] and developed a habit of pacing around his new office a lot, especially in troubled and trying times such as when the security of the castle was breached.[56][57] On occasion, he would also see students in his office, be it because of a misdemeanour that had to be addressed, or because one of the pupils sought redress during conflicts with their peers, such as Bertha Jorkins.[58] At some point following his appointment, Professor Dumbledore began to offer to help students with their homework, whom he would meet every Friday in Classroom E-13.[59] Fond of festivities in general, he would also usually stand for the entertainment during the annual Hallowe'en Feast in the Great Hall.[60]  As the day neared when young Remus Lupin would be of an eligible age to begin his magical education, Dumbledore wasted little time in making the necessary preparations for the young man's arrival: To this end, Dumbledore arranged for a house to be built a little way above the rest of the nearby Hogsmeade; perched atop a hill overlooking the village. Once finished, the Headmaster applied the appropriate spells to provide Remus with a safe and secure place for his transformations that could contain even a fully grown werewolf, if necessary. Next, he arranged for an underground passage to be made on the school grounds to give Remus an easy and discreet way of accessing the building when necessary and had a Whomping Willow planted over the opening; both to hide it from view, and as a security measure to stop anyone from coming across the future pupil whilst he was dangerous. Shortly before 10 March 1971, Dumbledore showed up unannounced at the doorstep of Lyall and Hope Lupin to invite their son to attend school. Well aware that their initial reaction, namely to try and keep him from entering their home, stemmed from fear more than anything else, the Headmaster took the liberty of finding his own way into the house. Five minutes later, Dumbledore was sitting on their living room floor by the fireplace, eating crumpets and playing Gobstones with Remus.  After explaining to the three of them that he was aware of their situation and, more importantly, that as far as he was concerned, there was no reason why Remus should not be able to attend Hogwarts, as long as special precautions were taken to ensure the safety of both Remus and the other students, a mutual understanding was
reached, and it was eventually agreed that young Mr Lupin would indeed present himself at Hogwarts Castle for the Start-of-Term. This would forever earn Dumbledore Remus's gratitude, as most others would simply have forbidden the boy from even setting foot in the school. When Severus Snape found out Remus's secret, Dumbledore forbade him from repeating it to anyone.  Some of the members of the original Order of the Phoenix After Lord Voldemort started his first rise to power in 1970, Dumbledore, around whom opposition to the Dark Lord had always rallied,[61] founded and led the Order of the Phoenix, a secret society willing to risk their lives to fight Voldemort and his Death Eaters, and despite the fact that the group suffered heavy losses during the conflict, it was also a significant contributor to the war effort. Throughout Dumbledore's efforts to undermine the Dark Lord's rise to power, a great many witches and wizards passed was educated at Hogwarts: Some of these became staunchly loyal to him and what he stood for, whereas others would become enemies, allying themselves with Lord Voldemort. Among these students were future Order members Arthur Weasley and Molly Prewett, Death Eaters-to-be Bellatrix Black and Lucius Malfoy.  Later on in the war, Dumbledore was approached by another person who also wanted a job at Hogwarts: Sybill Trelawney, who applied to become the new professor of Divination, a subject Dumbledore disliked and barely considered a part of necessary education for young wizards and witches. Dumbledore gave her a chance because she was the great-great-granddaughter of the celebrated Seer Cassandra Trelawney. To his disappointment, when he was interviewing Sybill at the Hog's Head, he came to the conclusion that she was not a real Seer. However, as Dumbledore was about to leave, Trelawney fell into a real trance and made a prophecy about the birth of the one that would have the power to vanquish the Dark Lord, who would be born to those "who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies".[62] This astonished Dumbledore, but as it turned out, the Death Eater Severus Snape had overheard most of the prophecy but had been caught in the act of spying and ejected from the tavern by Aberforth Dumbledore.[46] Dumbledore hired Trelawney in order to protect her from the Death Eaters.  Jacob in his room No sooner had Rakepick completed her tutelage and left her school days behind, however, before her spiritual successor arrived to begin his own. Over the course of his school career, young Jacob earned a steadily increasing notoriety by not only having picked up where she had left off, but he had even succeeded where she failed; a feat he accomplished with the help of two of his classmates, Duncan Ashe and Olivia Green, who were in Slytherin and Ravenclaw House, respectively.[63] Between the latter's arrival in 1974 and his eventual banishment from the castle in 1980, not only had this trio of friends managed to penetrate one of the oldest and most dangerous secrets that the ancient castle had to
offer, but they had also broken countless school rules and inadvertently endangered their peers by tampering with the vaults by unleashing a myriad devastating curses upon the school. This did not, however, discourage the Headmaster from taking a personal interest in Jacob, who was both one of the most rebellious and most talented students at the time.[64]  Having sensed his underlying decency of instinct despite his disregard for the school rules and, more importantly, fully recongised that there had been no malintent on his part when he had triggered the safeguards of the vaults, having done so on accident, Dumbledore was very lenient with the boy. Even so, he still kept a close eye on him and had even gone to some lengths to help him, which included giving him private lessons to help him nurture his gift as a born Legilimens. He did not, however, condone their continued fixation with the Cursed Vaults; particularly in the case of Jacob himself, who eventually grew dangerously obsessive with opening all of the vaults. Having grown concerned that this fixation might even drive him mad, and finally unable to overlook their pursuit for the vaults for these reasons, he was known to have reprimanded both Jacob and Mr Ashe for their many indiscretions on at least one occasion.[65]  Despite his best efforts to help Jacob, however, and even though Dumbledore and the rest of the staff ultimately got the situation under control, their hunt for the vaults ended in tragedy when Duncan Ashe was killed while attempting to brew a particularly potent Erumpent Potion in an effort to get past one of the obstacles standing between them and one of the Cursed Vaults. Neither the first, nor the last casualty at the school as a result of Jacob's extra-curricular activities, Olivia Green also endured hardships as a result.[66] With the death of a student on their hands as a direct result of their search for the vaults, Dumbledore notified the Ministry of Magic about Duncan's untimely demise, at which point two Aurors were sent to bring Jacob in for questioning. Having found him at the Three Broomsticks Inn, they promptly "grabbed him by the hood of his robes and dragged him out the door".[67]  Having been informed of Jacob's subsequent confession that he had pressured his friend into making the potion as part of their bid for the vaults,[66] Dumbledore had no other choice but to expel him from the school.[68] And even though Jacob's removal was prominently covered at the time in the Daily Prophet,[69] the faculty still denied any knowledge that the vaults' existence, both to dissuade students from pursuing them, and to prevent the Ministry and concerned parents from inserting themselves into Hogwarts affairs.[70]  The Eye of Horus, a symbol of The Cabal Several months after Dumbledore was forced to terminate his enrolment, however, not only did word reach him that Jacob had ran away from home and, rumours had it, earned notoriety in the figurative underworld as the "most feared wizard in Knockturn Alley";[66] which led
to the misconception that he had even become a follower of Lord Voldemort.[71] After a subsequent discussion with the late Duncan Ashe, however, who had returned as a ghost following his unfortunate passing, not only was it established beyond any reasonable doubt that Jacob had never been Death Eater material, but more importantly, the Headmaster learned about the horrible truth behind Jacob's obsession with the vaults, as well as the highly significant and mitigating circumstances surrounding the part he had played in the events that had led up to his expulsion from the school in the first place.  Throughout their attendance at Hogwarts, Jacob, Duncan and Olivia had all been on the receiving end of a series of threatening messages from a secret society of Dark witches and wizards calling itself The Cabal, which had coerced them into becoming unwilling pawns in the group's bid for the Cursed Vaults by informing them that failure to cooperate would have meant their deaths.[66] Their involvement had been a covert one indeed, as not only had all of this taken place right under the noses of Dumbledore and the rest of the faculty, but it had even been sublte enough that Jacob's search for the vaults had seemed, to the castle's other inhabitants, like nothing more the self-seeking exploit of a reckless youth.[72] Only then was Dumbledore made aware that the true driving force behind Jacob's obsession with was his love for his family.[66]  Even under duress, Jacob had actually gone to some lengths to try and protect the school, and defied the group by moving all of their research into the vaults from the Boathouse - where he and his accomplices had been holding secret meetings while they were still under R's heel[73] - to a new home in order to hide it from them.[74] In response to Jacob's resistance, however, The Cabal had raised the stakes and threatened to make his mother and his younger sibling "disappear" if he refused to cooperate, thus forcing Jacob's compliance and explaining the urgency with which he pursued the Cursed Vaults in the later parts of his education. And it had been for this reason that Jacob had taken the blame for the very potion that The Cabal had forced Duncan Ashe to make, as he feared that they would go after his family had he tried to expose them.[66]  Even though Dumbledore was fully prepared to take the mitigating circumstances of Jacob's transgressions into account going forward, any decision the Headmaster might have meant to make about revoking Jacob's expulsion or help to fight The Cabal ultimately became rather inappreciable when Jacob went mysteriously missing shortly thereafter.[68] With Jacob gone and unable to protect his kin, and given the possibility that The Cabal - whose members were still unknown and very much at large - might make good on their threats had he began to move against them prematurely, Dumbledore kept most of his findings to himself. As such, there were only three people who knew the full story once the dust had
settled: Jacob, Duncan Ashe, and the Headmaster himself.[66] Certain that Hogwarts had not seen the last of The Cabal, however, he tasked his old friend, veteran Auror and brother-in-arms in the Order of the Phoenix, Alastor Moody, with investigating The Cabal, who henceforth monitored their activities off-the-books.[75][76][77]  Albus Dumbledore in 1981, at age 100, during the trial of Igor Karkaroff Still, the wizarding war raged beyond the walls of Hogwarts: Shortly before the Potters' deaths, Dumbledore discovered that James's Cloak of Invisibility was, in fact, one of the Deathly Hallows. Although Dumbledore had long given up his desire to unite the Hallows and become Master of Death, he could not resist the thought of studying the Cloak. To that end, he borrowed it from James while James and Lily were in hiding. Later, Severus Snape approached Dumbledore, having already told Voldemort about the Prophecy. Snape was shocked by the fact that Voldemort had concluded that the prophecy was about Harry Potter, the son of James Potter, and Snape's own beloved childhood friend, Lily Evans. Dumbledore agreed, on the basis that Snape worked as a double agent for the Order. Dumbledore made arrangements to ensure the safety of the three; he advised them to stay hidden in their house in Godric's Hollow, which was protected by a Fidelius Charm. However, their Secret-Keeper (believed by Dumbledore and everyone else to be Sirius Black, but was in truth Peter Pettigrew) betrayed them, resulting in James and Lily's deaths at Voldemort's hands. However, as Voldemort attempted to murder Harry the curse backfired due to the protection provided by Lily Potter's love for her son and destroyed his body. This unfortunate occurrence provided Dumbledore with ownership of two of the Hallows, having already confirmed James's old cloak was indeed the one of legend.  Albus Dumbledore delivering Harry Potter with Minerva McGonagall Presumably well aware that Lord Voldemort wasn't truly vanquished, Dumbledore made sure that Harry would be kept safe with his family, the Dursleys, despite them not being selected as his guardians in the event of James and Lily's death, as his spells ensured that Voldemort could not harm Harry there as long as he could have a home with those with whom he was related by blood. He convinced Snape to help him protect Harry, although years later Dumbledore secretly planned to allow Voldemort to kill Harry in the end, which would destroy the piece of Voldemort's soul inside Harry. However, he also hoped to influence Harry into such a person who would willingly sacrifice his life for the greater good, allowing him the chance to choose between life and death in the end, guessing correctly the significance of such an act. Shortly thereafter, Dumbledore gave Snape employment at Hogwarts as the Potions master, and later defended Snape against the Ministry of Magic, who were rounding up and arresting remaining Death Eaters. Dumbledore attended many Death Eater trials, including that of the Lestranges and Barty Crouch Jnr. He was also a witness to Igor Karkaroff's testimony which secured his release from Azkaban in return
for the names of fellow Death Eaters. With Harry safe and certain members of the Order of the Phoenix and allies of their cause keeping watch over him and reporting back to Dumbledore, he continued his work as the brilliant if eccentric Headmaster of his beloved school.  Dumbledore at the Sorting Ceremony of 1984 At the Start-of-Term Feast during the 1984–1985 school year, Professor Dumbledore witnessed the Sorting ceremony of first-year students, including Charlie Weasley, Nymphadora Tonks, and Jacob's younger sibling, after which he stood behind the Owl Lecturn and gave a traditional welcoming speech. In his speech, he mentioned how Harry Potter was safe and would himself attend Hogwarts when old enough, along with House points and the yearly House Cup.[64]  At some point during the school year, Dumbledore was informed by Professor Severus Snape about cursed ice resurfacing in Hogwarts Castle,[72] and a Locked Room which possibly contained the source of it.[78]  After Jacob's sibling and Merula Snyde duelled in the Courtyard without permission or supervision, Dumbledore introduced the students to the Hogwarts Duelling Club in the Dungeons, where duelling could be practised safely. He made certain to impress on the students how the destruction caused by these duels was left there so other students who wanted to duel could see how dangerous duelling could be, and consider the implications of casting unfriendly spells.[79]  Dumbledore checking up on Jacob's sibling Before this year's Hallowe'en Feast, several students volunteered to help Dumbledore with decorations, such as the carving of jack-o'-lanterns and crafting hats for a troupe of dancing skeletons.[80] Near the end of the feast, however, the school was under attack by a pack of werewolves, and after Dumbledore successfully removed five that had almost overran Hagrid's Hut, he came back to the Training Grounds in time to save Jacob's sibling and another unconscious student from three more, including Fenrir Greyback, who caught the scent of Dumbledore and left. The Headmaster examined the unconscious student, who was Chiara Lobosca, and concluded that she had not been bitten. He then informed the Ministry of Magic about the incident, and as a result, Cecil Lee was sent to investigate.[81]  A month later, the castle was under another attack by Greyback's army, during which Chiara fought as a werewolf to protect Jacob's sibling. The Headmaster came to know this identity of Chiara, and extended her the same offer he had done Remus Lupin years before. When this whole incident was over, Dumbledore held another Hallowe'en Feast to finish what had been left out.[81]  Dumbledore attending Hagrid's birthday celebration Before Rubeus Hagrid's birthday, Dumbledore decided to throw him a surprise birthday party. He first contacted Jacob's sibling, who was already a friend of Hagrid, and then went to find Amos Diggory, who agreed to drop by the castle with a selection of magical creatures for them to pick from as a birthday gift. In order to distract Hagrid, Dumbledore asked him to meet at the Training Grounds and help take care of some "urgent business" in Hogsmeade, while Jacob's
sibling stayed behind and babysat Fang. When they returned, Dumbledore instructed Jacob's sibling to invite Professor Snape next, even if they had to bribe him with a gift. The birthday party was held as scheduled and turned out to be a huge success.[82]  Around Christmas, students continued to help Dumbledore with festive decorations. This tradition would be continued for the following few years.[83]  When Dumbledore found out Jacob's sibling and their friends had broken into the Locked Room, he talked to Jacob's sibling in the Courtyard. Instead of handing out punishment, Dumbledore awarded them 100 House points for their brave acts. Nevertheless, he reminded them that the impact on others should be kept in mind in their coming years.[78]  At the end of the school year, Dumbledore announced the winner of the House Cup as usual.[84]  Dumbledore spent most of the 1985–1986 school year outside Hogwarts, looking for a professional Curse-Breaker, Patricia Rakepick, whose help he needed for finding the Cursed Vaults.[85]  He was present at the Start-of-Term Feast, delivering his welcoming speech while also offering a word of caution. Ben Copper was soon found missing, and Dumbledore was possibly paid a visit by Professor McGonagall, who informed him the secret message Jacob's sibling had found in the Locked Room.[86] After Dumbledore was gone, he possibly received an owl from one of the professors alerting him to the activities of R.[87]  Dumbledore discussing recent events with Jacob's sibling When he was back at Hogwarts, he found that the Vault of Ice had again been broken into by Jacob's sibling and their friends, which led to the disappearance of the cursed ice. He required to see them in the Headmaster's office and rewarded them another 50 points, but warned them never to go near the Cursed Vaults again.[88]  Dumbledore talking to Aurélie Dumont At some point while he was at Hogwarts, the Headmaster presided over this year's Teacher Appreciation Celebration, with the Guest of Honour being McGonagall.[89] At another point, Dumbledore arranged for Olympe Maxime, the Headmistress of Beauxbatons Academy of Magic, to visit Hogwarts to discuss school matters, and Maxime brought Aurélie Dumont, a student of her who came to search for Nicolas Flamel's chalice. When Dumbledore met Aurélie, he talked about his own experience of learning Alchemy with Nicolas Flamel and denied the existence of such item at Hogwarts, but nevertheless encouraged her not to give up on her goals.[32]  Dumbledore greeting the students Before the Start-of-Term Feast of the 1986–1987 school year, Professor Dumbledore spoke to the students, confirming the existence of the Cursed Vaults and imposing a blanket ban on all future attempts to look for the rest of them.[90] It was most likely also Dumbledore who instructed Jacob's sibling's Head of House to not permit them to go on Hogsmeade trips due to them breaking school rules and not focusing on their studies.[91]  During a third-year Herbology class, a Boggart manifested in one of the greenhouses, assuming the form of a werewolf and terrifying students. Professor Pomona Sprout reported
the incident to Dumbledore immediately after taking care of the Boggart.[90]  Dumbledore and Snape evaluating Merula Snyde's Wit-Sharpening Potion At some point during the school year, Dumbledore was approached by Merula Snyde, who showed him the Wit-Sharpening Potion she had allegedly been working on. He also spoke to Jacob's sibling, who was disguised as Professor Snape, about various businesses. During the conversation, he even indirectly revealed the identity of the Curse-Breaker he had been finding in the past year, who had some school years overlapping with Snape's. Though he wasn't aware of who he was actually talking to, he still figured something was off. When "Professor Snape" asked Merula to come forward and admit her wrongdoing of claiming credit for the potion actually brewed by Penny Haywood, Dumbledore invited Penny up on the podium to receive the credit she deserved. It was also at this moment that he realised the true identity of "Snape". He awarded them 10 House points for their loyalty and cheerfully advised them to leave before the effects of the Polyjuice Potion wore off.[92]  Before Dumbledore left Hogwarts again to search for Rakepick, he gave Rita Skeeter "periodical permission" to visit Hogwarts Castle to observe the students, and to invite them to partake in a "friendly competition" where the winner would receive a first-page article in the Daily Prophet.[93] During this search, Dumbledore was finally able to track down Rakepick, who was investigating some ancient ruins that had recently been discovered beneath Castelobruxo. Unable to leave Brazil until her work there was finished, an arrangement was made where she would instead come to Hogwarts at the beginning of the next term. Dumbledore doubted whether the elusiveness of Rakepick indicated problems regarding her trustworthiness, but eventually chose to give her the benefit of the doubt due to the lack of real evidence.[94]  Dumbledore back at Hogwarts When Dumbledore was back, he paid Jacob's sibling and their friends a visit in the Three Broomsticks Inn, where they were celebrating their success regarding the break-in of the Vault of Fear. Back at his office, Dumbledore listened to Jacob's sibling's vault-breaking story and talked about his own adventure. Despite them breaking the rules again, Dumbledore still awarded Jacob's sibling 100 House points, but warned them never to do it again.[94]  The Headmaster revealing his plan At some point during the school year, the International Confederation of Wizards was due to convene for a conference somewhere in Great Britain, for which Rubeus Hagrid was invited to give a demonstration on Thestrals to clear up misconceptions involving them, specifically by showing that even a Thestral that had had limited exposure to strangers could be comfortable working with several of them. To help him prepare his speech, the Headmaster advised him to solicit the assistance of Jacob's sibling and Merula Snyde, hoping that working with Thestrals could help Merula, who had seen her mother murdering an Auror thus enabling her to see Thestrals, confront her past and move on. Once he had given Hagrid adequate time to get ready and time
came for them to depart for the meeting, Dumbledore went to the Training Grounds to collect him, and was delighted to find that both his attempt to help the troubled pupil and the aforementioned assembly had been an immense success, the latter of which had inspired many in the crowd to start treating the "dark horses" with kindness and respect.[95]  Dumbledore consulting Rakepick At the start of the 1987–1988 school year, Professor Dumbledore introduced Madam Patricia Rakepick to the entire school, charging her with everything related to the Cursed Vaults and making her an official non-teaching staff member capable of docking House points. Soon, it was found that Tulip Karasu and a couple of other students were inflicted with a sleepwalking curse, which was inevitably caused by someone tampering with another Cursed Vault.[96]  The faculty chaperoning the Celestial Ball Despite the difficulty the school was experiencing, Dumbledore and the rest of the faculty decided it needed distraction and some happy memory, so they arranged an Astronomy-themed social gathering for the students in the Great Hall known as the Celestial Ball. Dumbledore was able to persuade Madam Pince to allow the election for the head of a student committee that would be in charge of the decorations to take place in the Library. He then summoned the students to the Great Hall and announced the event, encouraging students to partake in the election for the decorating committee. Dumbledore attended the Celestial Ball with other faculty members, at the start of which he gave a short speech commending the decorating committee's success.[97]  After Jacob's sibling and their friends got out of the Forest Vault which they had successfully broken into, Dumbledore and Filch greeted them in the Forbidden Forest. Dumbledore told Jacob's sibling they continued to exhibit little respect for Hogwarts's rules and himself, and gave them detention in the Kitchens under Pitts's supervision for the next school year.[98]  It is requested that this article, or a section of this article, should be expanded. Please help the Harry Potter Wiki by expanding this article to give more complete coverage of its subject.  Dumbledore's decision to appoint Rakepick proved a costly one as Rakepick turned out to be one of R's members and nearly managed to kill Jacob's sibling and their friends before being defeated by a Garroting Gas and forced to flee but left Merula Snyde traumatised with the betrayal and use of the Cruciatus Curse when they went to the Cursed Vault. Dumbledore was away at the time and unable to stop it and was left responsible with what had happened, admitting regret for being outside to deal with threats and promising to prioritise capturing Rakepick.  It is requested that this article, or a section of this article, should be expanded. Please help the Harry Potter Wiki by expanding this article to give more complete coverage of its subject.  The next year was by no means any less troublesome than the previous year, with Jacob's sibling and their friends more determined than ever to stop R
and find the last Cursed Vault, despite Dumbledore's attempts to make them focus on their studies. He was even more disturbed with how Ben Cooper and Merula Snyde had become different due to the events of last year and that an Azkaban escapee who turned out to be an expelled student of Mahoutokoro School of Magic was working with R. When Rowan Khanna was killed by Rakepick, Dumbledore led a huge memorial to their noble sacrifice.  In this school year, Dumbledore sent several seventh-year students to the British Ministry of Magic as a part of a student programme.[99][100]  Ten years after Dumbledore left Harry Potter with his uncle and aunt, the Dursleys, Harry started attending Hogwarts, not as emotionally healthy as Dumbledore might have hoped, considering the neglect he had faced at the hands of his intolerant aunt and uncle, but alive and well, and happy to be away from his horrible relatives. That year, Lord Voldemort formulated a plan to regain human form. Dumbledore and his friend Nicolas Flamel (the only known maker of the Philosopher's Stone) began to suspect that the disembodied Dark Lord was plotting to steal the invaluable object, which would be capable of restoring him to full power. Dumbledore had the stone moved to a medium security vault at Gringotts Wizarding Bank, but later had it moved to Hogwarts itself; coincidentally, on the same day that an attempted break-in was made upon the vault. It was retrieved by Hagrid, who was also taking Harry to buy his school supplies.  Dumbledore giving his customary school speech Dumbledore and several teachers (McGonagall, Flitwick, Sprout, Snape and, dubiously, Quirrell) at Hogwarts planted magical security methods to protect the stone. Dumbledore was behind the final, and most powerful protection placed upon the stone. He enchanted the Mirror of Erised to contain the Philosopher's Stone, only to be removed by someone who did not intend to use or possess it, but only to keep it from the hands of evil. Dumbledore suspected that the Defence Against the Dark Arts Professor Quirinus Quirrell was behind the plot to steal the Philosopher's Stone, while working for the weakened Lord Voldemort, and as such he asked Snape to keep an eye on him. He also anonymously returned James's Cloak of Invisibility to Harry as a Christmas present.[8]  Dumbledore advising Harry from seeking out the Mirror of Erised again Over a series of nights, Harry Potter proceeded to visit the Mirror of Erised as often as he could to see his parents' faces. Dumbledore found Harry visiting the mirror one night, and after explaining to Harry what the mirror was all about, told him that the mirror was to be moved and requested that Harry not go looking for it. Before heading back to bed, Harry asked Dumbledore what he saw when he looked into the mirror. Dumbledore claimed to see himself holding a pair of thick, woollen socks, telling Harry that "one can never have enough socks."[8] However, Dumbledore was joking — the matter being a very personal one. At first,
still yearning for Grindelwald's love, Albus saw himself with his former lover in the Mirror. However, after Grindelwald's defeat and having come to terms with his past guilt over his sister's death, later in his life Dumbledore would see his family whole and intact, free of any pain or suffering.[28] It is unknown if Grindelwald, as a redeemed man, was included in these later reflections.  When Quirrell decided to make his move on getting the Philosopher's Stone, he lured Dumbledore away from the school using a false letter from the Ministry for Magic. The moment Dumbledore was on his way, he was intercepted by an owl from Ron and Hermione, which carried a letter that explained the whole situation. Dumbledore hurried back to the Underground Chambers and saved an unconscious Harry from Quirrell.  Dumbledore visiting Harry Potter in the Hospital Wing after the latter protected the Philosopher's Stone from Voldemort In the end it was Harry who protected the Philosopher's Stone from Quirrell and Voldemort. Voldemort failed for the same reasons he had failed to murder Harry previously: due to Lily Potter's love for Harry. When Voldemort, who had possessed the body of Quirrell, ordered his servant to attack the young boy, the sacrificial protection instilled within him at the point of his mother's death killed him and forced the Dark Lord's spirit to flee. When Harry recovered from the ordeal in the hospital wing, he questioned Dumbledore about why Voldemort had tried to murder him as a baby.[8] Dumbledore did not believe that Harry was ready to know the truth about the Prophecy Sybill Trelawney had made and told him he would know when he was older (although this would actually later turn out to be a mistake).[62]  At the end-of-year feast, Dumbledore awarded an extra 170 house points to Gryffindor students, Harry Potter (60), Ron Weasley (50), Hermione Granger (50) and Neville Longbottom (10), respectively for bravery and logical skills, prompting Gryffindor to win the House Cup, ruining Slytherin's chance of the cup for the seventh year in a row. This may have shown an amount of bias towards Gryffindor to announce their win in such unusual circumstances.[8]  Sometime before the next year began, Dumbledore, having never been fooled by Gilderoy Lockhart's tall tales, figured out the truth soon when Lockhart erased the memories of two wizards that Dumbledore personally knew. He realised that Lockhart had gone too far in his desire for fame and decided to track him down and make him pay for his crimes. Having the position of the Professor of the Defence Against the Dark Arts vacant proved to be useful for Dumbledore, as he offered Lockhart the job and although Lockhart was reluctant as his career as an author was progressing very well, successfully convinced him by slyly hinting that Harry Potter was a second-year student in Hogwarts, causing Lockhart to accept.[101]  Having intended for Lockhart to show his ineptitude and fraudulence to the students and thus expose him to the public secretly, Dumbledore's decision was shocking to take by
the other staff members as they never forgot Lockhart as the obnoxious attention seeker back then despite his achievements, with McGonagall asking what the students could possibly learn under a man as vain and celebrity-hungry as Lockhart. Dumbledore, however, skilfully talked himself out by pointing out that Lockhart was the only one who was willing to take it and also saying that there was a lot to learn from even a bad teacher: what not to do, how not to be.[101]  Albus Dumbledore and colleagues discovering a blood-written message on the wall Shortly into the school year of 1992, students again fell under attack from a beast allegedly released from the Chamber of Secrets. Under the influence of Lucius Malfoy, the Hogwarts board of governors voted to remove Dumbledore from his position as Headmaster when he proved unable to uncover the culprit; Minister for Magic Cornelius Fudge also had the groundskeeper Rubeus Hagrid taken to Azkaban, acting under the theory that it had been he who opened the Chamber in 1943.[47]  It was later revealed that first year student, Ginny Weasley, had come into possession of Tom Riddle's Diary, a bewitched object capable of interacting with whoever wrote in it. The diary slowly drained the life force from Ginny, and when the memory it contained was nearly strong enough to take physical form, it had her journey into the heart of the Chamber. However, Harry Potter was able to find the Chamber himself, and there, defeated the beast that dwelt within; Salazar Slytherin's basilisk. He also destroyed the diary with one of the basilisk's fangs, saving Ginny and defeating the nearly fully formed memory of Riddle. Harry was only able to achieve these feats by displaying an extreme amount of loyalty to Dumbledore; for only someone truly loyal to the Headmaster would be capable of summoning his pet phoenix Fawkes, who provided the tools needed for Potter to defeat Riddle and the basilisk.[47]  Harry and Dumbledore talking after Harry slayed the Basilisk in the chamber Dumbledore mysteriously returned to his position as Headmaster after the memory of Riddle was revealed as being behind the attacks. He commended both Harry and Ron for solving the mystery with the Special Award for Services to the School and two hundred points each for them. This secured Gryffindor for the House Cup for the second year running and again ruined Slytherin's chances, fuelling the hatred and rivalry between the two houses. He also secured Hagrid's release from Azkaban by having Ron deliver his release papers via owl and cancelled exams as a special treat, much to the delight of the students and the dismay of Hermione Granger. Lucius Malfoy was also sacked from his position as a governor of Hogwarts, much to Draco's dismay and Harry's satisfaction.[47]  Dumbledore contemplating Tom Riddle's diary However, Dumbledore was privately concerned by the phenomena that Harry described; a mere memory capable of taking physical form was unheard of. Dumbledore then began to suspect that Riddle's diary was in fact a Horcrux, and furthermore, considering the lack
of care the Dark Lord had taken in protecting the diary, that he had created more than one.[47]  During his final talk with Harry in his office, Dumbledore came close to telling Harry about his connection with Voldemort but refrained from doing so as he felt that twelve years old was still too young to learn the truth and he wanted Harry to enjoy this night of triumph.[62]  The year after, the Ministry of Magic took it upon itself to increase security around Hogwarts. Sirius Black, who had been sentenced to life in Azkaban for murdering Peter Pettigrew and twelve Muggles with a single curse, had escaped from the wizarding prison. The Ministry, afraid that he was going after Harry Potter, placed a large number of Dementors at Hogwarts to try to recapture him. Dumbledore reluctantly tolerated the Dementors on school grounds but refused to allow them within the school itself.[56]  However, the Dementors violated Dumbledore's decree when they entered the Quidditch match between Gryffindor and Hufflepuff, causing Harry to fall unconscious and fall from the sky. Dumbledore was able to prevent Harry from hitting the ground and repelled the Dementors with a Patronus.[56]  Dumbledore hinting that Harry and Hermione should travel back in time As the school year drew to its close, it became clear to Harry and his friends that Sirius Black had been framed for his crimes, committed by Pettigrew, who has been disguised as Scabbers for twelve years. But Sirius was captured, locked in the highest tower, and sentenced to the Dementor's Kiss. Dumbledore instantly believed Harry and his friends about Sirius's innocence, but the Minister did not. Dumbledore was incapable of over-ruling the Ministry's decision despite him being Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot.[56]  Instead, Dumbledore told Hermione Granger to use her Time-Turner to save Sirius and in the process Buckbeak as well. Harry and Hermione's rescue mission was a success, Sirius escaped on Buckbeak. The Dementors were removed from the grounds for their attack on Harry and the attempted removal of his soul. During the rescue Harry also conjured a powerful corporal Patronus, that Dumbledore later commented on.[56]  Harry Potter and Dumbledore seeing Remus Lupin off Dumbledore saw Remus Lupin (the new Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher) off after Snape leaked his identity as a werewolf to the school. Harry was also seeing Lupin off too and Dumbledore could tell that Harry was troubled. Harry explained how guilty he felt allowing Pettigrew, the real culprit who had framed Sirius, to escape, which coincides with a prediction Trelawney made. Therefore, he feared that he may have indirectly given Voldemort a servant to return him to power. Dumbledore assured Harry that he did a noble thing in saving Pettigrew's life, forging a deep, magical bond between them, and he promised Harry that one day he'd be glad he spared Pettigrew.[56]  At the end of the year Dumbledore began to feel uneasy about concealing the truth of Sybill Trelawney's prophecy because even though Harry was still young, he had proven himself to
be exceptional, and he would have to be told soon.[62]  Before the beginning of the new school year, the first Death Eater activity in years broke out at the Quidditch World Cup, causing Dumbledore to suspect that the second rise of Lord Voldemort was near. Later, Hogwarts played host to the first Triwizard Tournament since 1792. It was decided that only students of age would be allowed to enter their names to the Goblet of Fire, because of the dangers the tournament represented and its high death toll. Dumbledore personally drew an Age Line around the magical artefact to ensure that this rule would be impossible to break. During this year, Dumbledore employed his old friend, Alastor Moody, an ex-Auror, as the new Defence Against the Dark Arts Professor. Moody took this position only as a personal favour to Dumbledore.[58]  Albus Dumbledore withdrawing Harry's name from the Goblet of Fire However, unknown to anybody, a day before Moody was set to arrive at Hogwarts, he was overpowered by Death Eaters Barty Crouch Jnr and Peter Pettigrew. On the orders of Voldemort, Crouch brewed Polyjuice Potion, which he used to impersonate Moody and take his place at Hogwarts. Crouch, in the guise of Moody, successfully fooled the Goblet of Fire and ensured that Harry Potter was chosen as the fourth champion of the Triwizard Tournament. Crouch secretly aided Potter throughout the tournament, so that in the final task it would be him to touch the Triwizard trophy first, which he had bewitched to become a Portkey.[58]  When Harry and fellow champion Cedric Diggory touched the trophy at the same time, they were transported to the graveyard of Little Hangleton. There, Diggory was killed on the orders of Lord Voldemort, and Harry's blood was taken as the final ingredient in a potion the Dark Lord used to turn to full power. Using the Portkey, Harry was able to escape Voldemort and return to Hogwarts.[58] The entire school was shocked to witness an exhausted and injured Harry return with Diggory’s body.  Dumbledore and Harry discovering the location of the real Alastor Moody It was when Crouch, still in the guise of Moody, took Harry from out of Dumbledore's presence (something the real Moody never would have done in such a traumatic situation) that the headmaster realised that it was not Moody who had been at the school the whole year. Dumbledore, Snape and Minerva McGonagall quickly overpowered the Death Eater. It was in that moment that Harry realised exactly why Dumbledore was the only wizard that Voldemort ever feared. Barty then truthfully revealed the entirety of Voldemort's plot and his participation in it under the influence of Veritaserum.[58]  Dumbledore then took Harry to his office to meet Sirius and there he asked Harry to fill him in on what had happened. He then took Harry to the hospital wing to recover.  Dumbledore with Harry in the hospital wing Despite all evidence to the contrary, Minister for Magic Cornelius Fudge refused to believe that Lord Voldemort had returned to power
and had Crouch subjected to the Dementor's Kiss before he could be forced to stand trial before the Wizengamot. Despite this, Dumbledore knew that Voldemort's return was real and, in response to Fudge's failure to act, reformed the Order of the Phoenix, an alliance brought together during the First Wizarding War to fight against Voldemort and his followers. Dumbledore chose to reform the Order as he feared that the start of the Second Wizarding War was lingering and inevitable to happen.[58]  Again, Dumbledore was reminded of Harry's exceptional skill and knew that he would surely have to be told of the prophecy soon, but again he chose not to, out of a desire to spare Harry an additional burden.[62]  Campaign to discredit Albus Dumbledore and Harry Potter The Ministry immediately began to deny Dumbledore and Harry's claims that the Dark Lord had returned, starting a smear campaign designed to slander and vilify them; in particular, Dumbledore was removed from his positions as Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot and Supreme Mugwump of the International Confederation of Wizards as punishment for his refusal to stay in line with Ministry propaganda. However, Dumbledore professed not to care, so long as the Ministry did not eliminate him from Chocolate Frog Cards. He confessed that he believed that Fudge's persecution of him was of his own free will and not due to the Imperius Curse, though this was small comfort.[62]  Before the beginning of the school year, Dumbledore was made Secret-Keeper of the headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix and ensured that Harry Potter's friends did not divulge any information about the Order to him, as he did not want the Order to be compromised in anyway.[62]  Dumbledore attended Harry's trial at the Ministry, arriving three hours early at five a.m. by a handy mistake. He presented Arabella Figg for Harry's defence and offered to call Dobby to testify that Harry had not used a Hover Charm in 1992 and reminded Fudge that he himself had pardoned Harry's accidental inflation of Marjorie Dursley. He also commented on the unusual behaviour of the court holding a full criminal hearing for a simple case of underage magic. After the Wizengamot had ruled in Harry's favour, Dumbledore left without having so much as spoken to Harry or looked at him.[62]  When the time came to choose the Prefects from the fifth-years, Dumbledore considered Harry, but out of sympathy for the ordeals he had faced and the ones still to come, he chose to spare him the added responsibility and passed it on to Ron Weasley. This decision confused some people who had assumed Harry would naturally receive it and would have shown solidarity with the young wizard.[62]  Dolores Umbridge, the new DADA professor interrupting Dumbledore Dumbledore had come to fear the connection that existed between the Dark Lord and Harry, and purposely avoided him throughout the school year. When signs of this connection became increasingly obvious, Dumbledore had Severus Snape attempt to teach Harry the art of Occlumency, rather than himself, as he
feared that Voldemort may have been able to peer into his mind through his connection to Harry. The Ministry also began to interfere heavily at Hogwarts. They appointed Fudge's Senior Undersecretary (Dolores Umbridge) to the post of Defence Against the Dark Arts professor.[62]  Umbridge started her reign at Hogwarts by rudely interrupting Dumbledore's Start-of-Term Feast. Things got progressively worse from there. Umbridge and Fudge slowly passed rules and regulations that syphoned the powers of the Headmaster, while increasing those of Umbridge herself. Until finally Umbridge was granted the new position of High Inquisitor of Hogwarts. In response to Umbridge and the Ministry's refusal to teach practical defensive magic, Harry Potter, Hermione Granger, and Ron Weasley created a group of students that met secretly to learn defence against the Dark Arts. With Harry acting as the leader and teacher, this organisation was known as Dumbledore's Army, in order to frighten the Ministry.[62]  Dumbledore escaping the Ministry workers: Fudge, Umbridge, Dawlish and Shacklebolt When this illegal society was uncovered, Dumbledore willingly took the blame; pointing out that it was named "Dumbledore's Army, not Potter's Army." While Fudge ordered his arrest, Dumbledore stated that he would not come quietly and easily overpowered his would-be captors with a single spell and went underground, working to aid the Order full-time. In Dumbledore's stead, Umbridge was named Headmistress of Hogwarts and took full advantage of her position and authority over students and staff alike.[62]  Unfortunately, as Dumbledore had feared, Voldemort finally acted to use the connection between himself and Harry Potter. Using Legilimency, Voldemort created a vision that indicated that his beloved godfather, Sirius Black, had been captured by Voldemort personally and was being tortured by him within the Department of Mysteries. Harry, Ron, Hermione, Ginny Weasley, Luna Lovegood, and Neville Longbottom all rushed to the Ministry in the hopes of saving Sirius. However, the six students were ambushed by a group of Death Eaters, who hoped to force Harry to recover the record of the prophecy made about him and the Dark Lord. Voldemort perceived that it was too dangerous to enter the heart of the Ministry of Magic himself. Fortunately, Severus Snape was able to alert the Order to this and several members arrived in the Ministry where they battled with the Death Eaters.[62]  Dumbledore duelling Voldemort Near the end of the battle, Dumbledore himself arrived and swiftly captured all the Death Eaters personally; except Bellatrix Lestrange, who murdered Sirius and evaded a spell cast at her by the revered wizard. After binding the Death Eaters with an Anti-Disapparition Jinx, Dumbledore went to the atrium of the Ministry where Lestrange had been joined by Voldemort himself, who attempted to kill Harry.[62]  Voldemort's curse, however, was prevented; Dumbledore quickly animated a golden statue to cover Harry and shield him from the curse. He animated the other statues from the Fountain of Magical Brethren to immobilise Bellatrix and alert Ministry officials. With Voldemort having arrived in the Ministry, Dumbledore took this chance to give undeniable evidence to Fudge that the Dark Lord truly
had returned and fought him both to protect Harry and hold him at bay. Dumbledore displayed his extraordinary magical capabilities as he calmly countered or dodged Voldemort's attacks and returned with his own assault that steadily forced Voldemort to go on the defensive, yet Dumbledore was not fighting to kill, a fact which surprised Voldemort. Soon enough, Dumbledore managed to trap the Dark Lord within an Orb of Water just after having been saved by Fawkes, who intercepted a killing curse Voldemort had shot at Dumbledore while the latter was countering the strike of a fiery serpent that Voldemort had conjured. Though Dumbledore had failed to capture or defeat Voldemort, the Dark Lord realised himself that he could not overpower his former teacher, and so abandoned his effort and disapparated.[62]  Dumbledore telling Harry the whole prophecy in its entirety Before Voldemort fled the Ministry however, he briefly possessed Harry, hoping that Dumbledore would sacrifice the teenager in an attempt to kill him. However, Dumbledore did not take the bait as he cared for Harry too much to do it. Fortunately, Dumbledore did not have to resort to whatever means he would've needed to remove Voldemort from Harry himself, as the tremendous power of Harry's love, dwelt on his grief for his late godfather, inflicted great pain upon Voldemort and the Dark Lord was forced to remove himself and block his connection. With his failure to retrieve the prophecy and his attempt on Harry's life foiled, Voldemort fled the Ministry with Bellatrix, but not before he was seen by Ministry officials, including Minister for Magic Cornelius Fudge. With Dumbledore's credibility realised once more, Fudge's was permanently lost. Henceforth, Dumbledore successfully ensured that Fudge removed Umbridge, pardoned Hagrid so he could return to Hogwarts and he himself would be reinstated as headmaster.[62]  Once he was back at Hogwarts, Dumbledore consulted with a distraught Harry. After all the stress and pain that was put on the fifteen-year-old's shoulders for an entire year, coupled with the loss of his godfather, Harry finally snapped and began destroying Dumbledore's possessions in an incredible rage. However Dumbledore calmly levelled with the boy, freely admitting that Harry had every right to be angry with him, and if anything he should have been far angrier at him. He acknowledged that Sirius's death was his fault, and that if Harry let him explain, the boy would be free to rage and storm at him, even attack him if he chose to. Managing to appease Harry, he began explaining the meaning of his connection with Voldemort and asserting the meaning of the prophecy. Before the end of the year, he also had the Inquisitorial Squad disbanded and reverted any damage they did.[62]  Dumbledore trying on Marvolo Gaunt's Ring, activating a nasty curse During the summer of 1996, Dumbledore tracked one of Voldemort's Horcruxes to the house of the Gaunts. Dumbledore journeyed to Little Hangleton, where he found the remains of the shack hidden behind weeds and bush. Voldemort had placed many powerful enchantments around the former home of his ancestors;
however, Dumbledore proved skilful enough to pass through them unharmed. When he found the Horcrux, a ring formerly owned by Marvolo Gaunt, he saw that the stone in the ring was one of the Deathly Hallows, the Resurrection Stone.[46]  This stone, according to legend, had the power to revive the dead (but in reality, a spiritual form of the person was brought back instead, much like an echo). His desire to see his family overrode his common sense for just a moment and he placed the ring on his finger, forgetting that the ring had been cursed by Voldemort. The curse quickly spread, and were it not for his own prodigious talents, he would have died within moments. Despite this injury, Dumbledore proceeded to destroy the ring, and with it, a piece of Voldemort's soul, bringing Voldemort that much closer to defeat.[46]  Snape's skills managing to trap the curse on the ring in Dumbledore's hand Dumbledore quickly returned to Hogwarts, where the skills of Severus Snape managed to trap the curse in Dumbledore's hand. However, both Snape and Dumbledore knew that it would eventually spread to the rest of his body. Knowing that the curse would kill him, Dumbledore asked Snape, that when the time came, that he be the one to end Dumbledore's life, rather than Draco Malfoy. Malfoy had been given the task of assassinating the headmaster, in order to spare Draco's soul from being torn Snape had to be the one to do it. Snape later objected to the plan but was reminded by Dumbledore that it was the only way to spare him from great suffering. During this time, Dumbledore also shared his insights on Voldemort with Harry by showing him the various memories he had collected, giving Harry a greater knowledge of Voldemort's psychology that would help him in his future conflicts.[46]  Harry and Dumbledore discussing memories of Tom Riddle Throughout the 1996–1997 school year, Dumbledore passed on certain pieces of information to Harry Potter that would be important for the boy in his quest to destroy the Dark Lord. Dumbledore held private lessons with Harry, revealing in them much of what he had learnt about Voldemort's past, life and Horcruxes. Dumbledore revealed to Harry that he made it his business to try and find out about Lord Voldemort's past. He did this by questioning people who had known him as a child and a teenager and obtained Voldemort-related memories from them.[46]  He collected memories from Bob Ogden, Morfin Gaunt, Horace Slughorn, and the house-elf Hokey. Using these memories, along with some of his own, he discovered that Voldemort had created six Horcruxes, an unheard-of event, been guilty of murders that he framed others for, and also figured out what the Horcruxes could be based on Voldemort's ego and his long interest in Hogwarts: Tom Riddle's Diary, Gaunt's Ring, Hufflepuff's Cup, Slytherin's Locket, Nagini, and an object of Rowena Ravenclaw's (later revealed to be her lost diadem). They dismissed the idea of a Gryffindor artefact as unlikely as only the Sorting Hat and
the Sword of Gryffindor remained as items from Gryffindor himself and Voldemort did not have access to them.[46]  Dumbledore and Harry Potter in the Crystal Cave After much searching, Dumbledore eventually tracked another of Voldemort's Horcruxes to a cave that as a young orphan, he had once visited. As he had promised, Dumbledore allowed Harry Potter to accompany him to the cave and help destroy the Horcrux. Setting off from Hogwarts on an evening in late June 1997,[6] he and Harry Apparated to just outside the cave, being unable to enter directly due to its protective enchantments. Once inside, Dumbledore located the Horcrux's second line of defence; a hidden doorway which only opened when it received an offering of blood.[46]  They next found themselves in a vast chamber containing an underground lake, with a solitary island at its centre from which a faint green light was visible. After a failed attempt by Harry at Summoning the Horcrux, Dumbledore located a carefully concealed boat that would allow them safe passage across the lake. During the crossing, Harry learned of the Horcrux's third line of defence; the lake was filled with Inferi, which would attack anyone who touched the lake's water. Dumbledore instructed Harry on the use of fire as the weapon of choice against the Inferi, should it become necessary.[46]  Arriving at the small island, they found a basin filled with glowing green potion. This last defence could not be removed by Vanishing it or scooping it out; someone would have to drink it to get to the Horcrux that lay within. Dumbledore ordered Harry to help him drink all of the potion, no matter what effects it caused, even if Harry had to force it down Dumbledore's throat.[46]  Dumbledore preparing to drink the Emerald Potion Dumbledore drank and he saw a vision of the duel between him, Gellert Grindelwald and Aberforth Dumbledore and Ariana's death. The drink also was weakening him and made him extremely thirsty as well and caused him great pain (the whole purpose of the potion). He couldn't bear it, but Harry succeeded at getting it down his throat by telling him it would be over soon. On his last drink he fell unconscious. After a failed attempt by Harry to revive him with Rennervate, Dumbledore woke up after his period of unconsciousness wanting water.[46]  Albus creating a fire storm to ward off the attacking Inferi Harry then attempted to summon water for Dumbledore with the Water-Making Spell, but this proved ineffective as the cavern was enchanted to vanish summoned water. In desperation, Harry filled a cup with water from the lake. Harry was only able to tip the water over Dumbledore's face before the Inferi climbed up out of the lake and attacked them. Harry panicked and attempted to fight back with a multitude of spells and curses, including the Impediment Jinx and Sectumsempra curse, but none of them worked since the Inferi were too numerous and had no blood to spill. Dumbledore, having regained consciousness, created a ring of fire around them
that repelled the Inferi, driving them back into the lake while he and Harry escaped in the boat with the Horcrux. Harry used a small cut on his arm to reopen the hidden doorway, and once outside the cave they Disapparated back to Hogsmeade.[46]  They would find no rest there, however, as the Battle of the Astronomy Tower had already begun. Harry and Dumbledore took brooms from behind Madam Rosmerta's bar and flew to the Astronomy Tower. Once at the Astronomy Tower, Dumbledore and an invisibility-cloaked Harry were confronted by Draco Malfoy. Before Harry could reveal himself, Dumbledore immobilised him with a silent Full Body-Bind Curse, making it so he could only watch the upcoming event.[46]  Dumbledore being disarmed by Malfoy Malfoy disarmed Dumbledore, and admitted that he, Draco, was behind the series of attacks on Hogwarts students, and that Voldemort had ordered him to kill Dumbledore. Dumbledore revealed that he knew of Draco's mission and of the attempts on his life with the Opal Necklace and poisoned mead but allowed him to remain in Hogwarts for knowing Voldemort would kill him if he was exposed and expelled. Dumbledore offered Draco protection, and promised to hide Draco and his mother where Voldemort would never find them. Draco ultimately could not bring himself to kill the Headmaster, even after the arrival and encouragement of several Death Eaters, who were smuggled into the castle by Draco.[46]  Dumbledore's death However, Snape — who had been called by Filius Flitwick to assist the Order of the Phoenix, sometime previously — arrived at the Tower and, after Dumbledore pleaded with him, in a way that did not expose Snape's true intentions, killed the Headmaster, blasting his body off the tower and falling to the ground below.[46]  Harry kneeling over Dumbledore's body A while later after the battle was over, Harry found Dumbledore's body lying dead on the ground in front of hundreds of staring people, his body broken from the fall. Harry found the locket and read a letter written by R.A.B. and realised that it was not a Horcrux, meaning the locket was a fake. Harry neither knew nor cared what this message meant, and he felt that he and Dumbledore had accomplished nothing that night and that the latter had weakened himself by drinking the potion for nothing. Harry started crying over Dumbledore's corpse as well as straightening his half-moon spectacles upon his crooked nose and Harry wiping a trickle of blood from the dead Headmaster's mouth with his (Harry's) own sleeve.[46]  Dumbledore's funeral Sometime in early July, a funeral was held for him, attended by Hogwarts students and staff, Ministry of Magic officials (including Cornelius Fudge, Rufus Scrimgeour, Dolores Umbridge and Percy Weasley), centaurs, members of the Order of the Phoenix (except Severus Snape, due to his covert status, and Mundungus Fletcher, due to his imprisonment in Azkaban), Hogsmeade residents including Dumbledore's brother Aberforth, Fawkes, Hagrid's half-brother Grawp, Merpeople, Tom the landlord of the Leaky Cauldron, Madame Maxime from Beauxbatons Academy of Magic, Bass player of the Weird Sisters
Donaghan Tremlett, driver of the Knight Bus Ernie Prang, Madam Malkin of the robe shop in Diagon Alley, the lady who pushed the trolley on the Hogwarts Express, as well as many other witches and wizards.[46]  Albus Dumbledore's morals and care he put into what he dreamed and means of doing it Albus Dumbledore's legacy was hugely significant and entailed by decades of suffering, torture, tragedy, success, love, prosperity, and everything in between.  He was destined for glory by what he dreamed of and the aspirations he had during his youth including what he accomplished in his early youth. Though in his youth he wanted to rule over the world of the non-magic people, he didn't do it in any bad matter like his boyfriend, Gellert Grindelwald tended to. He learned early in his teenage years that power and being the best could end very badly and was always not the best result. Though he did learn many things, for instance, he used the way he worded things for his own good as using and manipulating people for instance, "For The Greater Good".  Dumbledore's funeral It was Dumbledore's wish to be laid to rest within Hogwarts grounds, and his supporters, friends, and colleagues ensured that his wish was carried out. Despite the fact that no other Headmasters or Headmistresses had ever been laid to rest at Hogwarts before, the Ministry respected Dumbledore's wishes due to his great standing in the wizarding community. During his funeral, directly after a ceremony official gave his eulogy, his body was encased in bright white flames that gave off smoke in strange patterns, and Harry Potter thought he saw the form of a phoenix fly out of the blaze. When it subsided, Dumbledore was closed in this tomb.[102]  The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore After his death, Dumbledore's reputation was smeared somewhat by Rita Skeeter, who wrote an insulting biography called The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore. This depicted him in a highly unfavourable light, including suggesting that he delayed his attack on Gellert Grindelwald because he still held lingering affection for him.[28]  Voldemort breaking into Dumbledore's tomb In 1998, Lord Voldemort, during his search for the Elder Wand, demanded the location of the wand from Gellert Grindelwald in his cell in Nurmengard prison. Grindelwald refused to tell him anything, possibly out of a desire not to see his old friend's grave desecrated, or as a sign of remorse for all the atrocities he committed earlier in his life. However, Voldemort eventually deduced that Dumbledore had won the Elder Wand from Grindelwald, who himself stole it from Gregorovitch.[103] Voldemort flew to Hogwarts and used his own wand to crack open the White Tomb from head to foot, and then removed the sheets from around Dumbledore's body, allowing him to take the wand within, which had been buried with its owner. He did not realise that Harry Potter had won the allegiance of the wand from Draco during a skirmish in the Malfoy Manor not long before.[18]  Harry Potter speaking
with Albus Dumbledore in Limbo As it turned out, the night of Dumbledore's death was not the last time Harry saw him. After finding out he was one of Voldemort's Horcruxes (Voldemort having accidentally made him one the night he tried to kill him), Harry bravely walked into Voldemort's camp to be killed, just as Dumbledore had (reluctantly) planned. But Voldemort's Killing Curse once again failed to kill Harry. Instead, Harry entered a limbo state, where he spoke with Dumbledore's spirit. Dumbledore explained to Harry everything he had not told him when he was alive: the nature of the Deathly Hallows, his friendship with Gellert Grindelwald and a number of other things.[28]  Most significantly, he revealed that Harry was not dead because, when Voldemort had used Harry's blood to restore his body, he had unintentionally linked Harry's life to his own, with the result that Voldemort's curse had "killed" only the fragment of his soul that had remained in Harry all these years. Despite the anger and resentment he felt toward his old mentor, Harry also attempted to console Dumbledore when asked if he had been any better than Voldemort in his quest for power; Harry pointed out that Dumbledore had never killed if he could avoid it, and argued that Dumbledore's search for the Hallows, as opposed to any attempts to create Horcruxes, made him completely different from Voldemort, fully reconciling with his protégé.[28]  After he had finished their talk, Dumbledore and Harry parted ways for the time being: Harry returned to the mortal world and Dumbledore moved, as he would put it, "on". He was the only Headmaster to be laid to rest on the Hogwarts grounds, after Hagrid argued that no other Headmaster had ever given as much to the school as Dumbledore had. His portrait also remained at Hogwarts. After Voldemort's death and Harry revealing that he was the true master of the Elder Wand, he said to Dumbledore's portrait that he was going to return the wand to his tomb where it would remain until he died and should he be undefeated, he would be the wand's last master which would break its power. He only used the wand for one feat: to repair his own wand which had been broken earlier.[28]  Harry and Ginny Potter's second son was named Albus Severus Potter, after Dumbledore and Severus Snape.[28]  The portrait of Dumbledore had also spoken to a new generation of Hogwarts students in the 2000s and 2010s when they were in the Headmistress's office. He was known to have talked to three students, Daniel Page, Ivy Warrington and their friend at least twice during their years at the school.[104]  Dumbledore's moving portrait, featuring Fawkes In 2020, after his son, Albus Potter, got injured due to using a prototype Time-Turner to save Cedric Diggory, Harry visited the portrait of Dumbledore. He gave Harry advice of trying to see his son the way he is rather than make him be something he cannot be and later departed.[105]  Harry approached him again after hearing
Albus and Scorpius Malfoy, the son of Draco Malfoy, are kidnapped by Delphini, the daughter of Lord Voldemort, where he asked Harry what he was doing and answered Harry's questions. Feeling like he was left "cleaning after the messes" Dumbledore left after he died, Harry asked him to leave. In response, Dumbledore tried to justify his actions. He stated that he wanted to fight Voldemort on his behalf but he "felt like he loved Harry too much to not realise that he should have trusted Harry more". He later gave Harry advice and left his portrait once more.[105]  Dumbledore's reputation was so significant that even years after his death, the only reason Albus and Scorpius avoided contacting him for help when they found themselves stuck in 1981 was because they were concerned that even the knowledge of their existence would taint Dumbledore's future plans, as it was agreed that he had always known enough to know what to do or not to do and awareness of details such as Harry's future son might impact his plans.[105]  Albus Dumbledore was tall and thin, with silver hair and beard (auburn in his youth) so long that they could be tucked into his belt. He had a very long and crooked nose that looked as if it had been broken at least twice. (It appears and is implied that his brother's punch during their sister's funeral played a role in shaping his nose.) He was also said to have long and skilful fingers. His eyes were described to be a brilliant, soul-piercing shade of blue, and usually twinkled with kindness and mischief.  When he became genuinely angry, however, Dumbledore would transform from a benign-looking, bright-eyed old man into a wizard even more terrifying than Lord Voldemort himself, with a face that was a classic portrait of cold fury and an aura of power that made him seem as if he was giving off burning heat. Indeed, Harry had — after witnessing a rare moment of Dumbledore's furious rage — confessed to fully understanding why people always said that Dumbledore was the only wizard Voldemort had ever feared.  Dumbledore wore half-moon spectacles and a colourful array of robes, ranging from purple to crimson-red. He once claimed to have a scar above his left knee in the precise shape of a map of the London Underground, but whether or not he actually did is unknown. His demeanour was often — if not always — serene and ethereal, and he usually spoke in a calm, pleasant voice even when Harry thought that he was actually furious.  During the last year of his life, Dumbledore's right hand was scarred when he donned the cursed Marvolo Gaunt's Ring. Had Severus Snape not intervened with a counter-curse, Dumbledore would have died within minutes. Regardless, the curse left his hand blackened and dead-looking, and no amount of healing could repair the appearance. According to Snape, the curse would eventually spread itself from the contained hand and Dumbledore was doomed to die in no more than one year's
time. Whether this means the blackening dead-look appearance would spread throughout the entire body is unknown. Death, however, served to restore him to full health and strength: his spirit was described as walking sprightly and upright, with hands that were both whole and white and undamaged, and looking exactly how Harry remembered him to be.  Dumbledore's flamboyant attire Considered by many to be "the most powerful wizard of all time", Dumbledore was benevolent and wise, a great wizard in the vein of Merlin. He had an almost unearthly calm and relaxed demeanour and almost constantly gave off an aura of serenity and composure, rarely displaying intense emotions of anger or fear. He was known for typically speaking in a calm, collected voice, and being firm, but reasonable and kind. He was always courteous, even to people who he found rude or in the case of Fenrir Greyback, disgusting. However, despite his benign nature, it is said that Dumbledore was the only wizard Lord Voldemort ever truly feared.  Dumbledore was notably eccentric. He was quite fond of knitting patterns and frequently wore flamboyant clothing (at one point, he is seen wearing a flowered bonnet that he received from a Wizard Cracker). In particular, he had a somewhat odd taste in sweets: he enjoyed Muggle sweets relatively unknown in the wizarding world (particularly sherbet lemons) and the password to his office, supposedly that of his current favourite sweet, was often peculiar choices such as Acid Pops and Cockroach Clusters. In addition, he had a liking for chamber music as well as ten-pin bowling. He often used humour to make people feel comfortable in his presence. In fact, his noted eccentricity may have been at least partly his using humour to appear less threatening. Dumbledore has been known to be quite philosophical; often, very few people have the understanding (or patience) to comprehend his philosophies.  He was apparently a fan of the Puddlemere United Quidditch team, as he wished them luck in the upcoming season in his introduction to Quidditch Through the Ages.  As a supremely talented wizard, Dumbledore showed numerous examples of extraordinary abilities. His capabilities as a wizard were combined with his extraordinary intellect and extremely cunning and subtle mind that allowed him to comprehend human nature and turn the better aspects of humanity (trust, love and friendship) to Voldemort's disadvantage in particular. Due to this, Dumbledore wielded extraordinary powers of deduction that allowed him to be completely unfooled by any charades who could fool even the entire wizarding world and recognise instantly any deception that may have initially fooled him at the slightest of slip-ups, as shown repeatedly when he quickly figured out Quirrell was distracting him with a letter he faked was from the Minister for Magic, was never fooled by Lockhart's books due to having knew what he truly was and quickly realised the truth, and deduced that Moody was actually Crouch Jnr the moment he asked Harry to be brought to his office.   During his Hogwarts career, especially as Headmaster, Dumbledore always maintained
his composure, even in situations that would terrify others. Being attacked by Ministry officials, the opening/reopening of the Chamber of Secrets, having Dementors at the school, being surrounded by a plethora of Inferi and soon thereafter, staring death in the face (although they may have made him uneasy for the safety of others) did not frighten him. This was shown best at his duel with Voldemort, when he engaged in small talk with him in a calm, almost sardonically humourous way, despite Voldemort's tremendous duelling prowess and his attempts to murder him. Dumbledore was verbally and utterly unafraid of death and was obviously never scared of Voldemort himself, but rather what he may/could do to those he cared for, and he was also not afraid of being exposed to great torment.   An example of this was in The Cave, when knowing that the Potion would cause him severe pain and distress without knowing exactly what would happen to him, Dumbledore did not hesitate to drink it. Despite this, Dumbledore was capable of fear and feared, above all else, that he had actually cast the spell that ended his sister Ariana's life. However, he was capable of facing his fears, as shown by how he indirectly confessed his guilt to Leta Lestrange, and by how he later ultimately mustered the strength to confront Grindelwald and end the global wizarding war after years of watching Grindelwald's rampage. Therefore, Dumbledore's Boggart is said to be his sister's corpse.[17]  While Dumbledore (at least in his later years) never displayed arrogance or conceit, he had no use for false modesty either. If a situation warranted it, he was perfectly willing to acknowledge his virtually peerless intelligence and power. He once told Harry that he was fairly confident in his ability to defeat Gellert Grindelwald despite the latter's own great skill and possession of the Elder Wand. Dumbledore's portrait also professed to Harry that he had considered personally fighting Voldemort for Harry, further showing Dumbledore's self-confidence. On the one occasion where he did confront Voldemort, he appeared entirely unconcerned throughout the entirety of their duel. However, Dumbledore also understood that he had his weaknesses and blind spots just as any other man and worked hard to keep them in check.  Albus Dumbledore proving to a young Tom Riddle that the Headmaster was a wizard More than anything else, Dumbledore was motivated by his belief in the power of the human spirit. He also had a deep capacity for love, frequently reminding Harry that love was the greatest magic of all. Dumbledore believed in the good in everyone and insisted on giving second chances. He notably argued strongly against the expulsions of Newton Scamander, and later Rubeus Hagrid, as well as refraining from expelling Jacob's sibling, despite the latter repeatedly breaking school rules. Dumbledore also allowed Remus Lupin to be a pupil at his school and later a professor, despite the fact that Remus was a werewolf. He had a great friendship with Hagrid, despite many not trusting the half-Giant. The greatest example of this,
however, is Dumbledore's relationship with Severus Snape, in whom Dumbledore was willing to hold a considerable amount of faith after Severus had shown remorse. Dumbledore even saw a possibility for good in Tom Riddle as a child, and was open to giving him a second chance, despite the fact that Tom had already revealed himself to be a cruel sociopath and bully even at a young age, though he kept a careful eye on Tom Riddle during his Hogwarts career rather than simply hoping for the best.   Although he was devoted to Riddle's defeat after he became Voldemort, Dumbledore was genuinely regretful on how the days he could have easily intimidated Riddle into admitting his wrongdoings and taking responsibility for them were long gone, proving he felt a level of remorse for never managing to do anything significant to change Riddle. In addition, Dumbledore also believed the rumours of Grindelwald showing remorse for his crimes during his time in prison and showed a level of respect and gratitude for Grindelwald's concealment of the true location of the Elder Wand for a shred of redemption even if it was in vain.  Albus Dumbledore in thought Dumbledore was highly perceptive and psychologically canny; his knowledge of people's true personality went beyond being simply a good judge of character. This was never more apparent than in his complex insights into Voldemort's psyche, which he pieced together with Harry to deduce where the Horcruxes were hidden. However, this insight also made him extraordinarily good at manipulating people, which he was perfectly willing to do if he thought it necessary. Perhaps the most blatant example of this was with regard to Severus Snape, as he used Snape's love for the late Lily Evans to manipulate him into helping him protect Harry Potter, her son, despite all the risks it entailed and despite Snape's bitterness and hatred towards Harry's father. Another note worth mentioning in this area, is Dumbledore conjured a bottle of gin to help ease Mrs Cole during their conversation. He did not offer her a glass, but simply produced it, knowing she would drink it. A lesser note of his emotional insight was with Gilderoy Lockhart: despite Lockhart having fooled every inhabitant in the wizarding world with his books, Dumbledore, having knew what he truly was, was completely unable to be tricked by Lockhart and he was able to effortlessly manipulate Lockhart into taking the job of DADA Professor by slyly hinting Harry Potter was in Hogwarts attending his second year so he can expose him. He was also the only person ever encountered by the young Tom Riddle who the latter was not able to charm.  In spite of Dumbledore's many extraordinary qualities, he was also a somewhat Machiavellian figure.[106] He could be stoically pragmatic and was extremely prone to secrecy. He spent a short portion of his youth concocting plans with Gellert Grindelwald for global domination over Muggles, in the process treating his ill sister with neglect. Whilst Dumbledore was never a deliberately cruel man, at times, he was
too far-sighted, making choices that he believed to be for the greater good and overall benefit of humanity even if it deeply hurt some of the people around him in the immediate short-term. For example, he placed Harry Potter with the Dursley family despite knowing that they would be unlikely to treat him well, as pointed out by Professor McGonagall, all for the sake of keeping him alive.  Dumbledore's greatest personality flaw, which he explained to Harry in 1998,[28] was his desire for power. Particularly in his younger days, he acknowledged that he had been quite selfish and that because of his extraordinary abilities, he had wanted fame, power, and glory for himself. When he and Gellert Grindelwald were in school, they made plans to enslave Muggles and re-establish wizards as the natural rulers of the world. However, when his sister Ariana Dumbledore was killed during a duel between himself, Aberforth Dumbledore, and Grindelwald, any desire to accomplish this goal left him. The incident led to him declining any attempts by others to offer him positions of great political authority, and he refused to take the post of Minister for Magic at least three times. Though he did accept the positions of Supreme Mugwump and Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot, both of these were tempered by checks and balances from contemporaries and colleagues rather than positions of absolute power which could seduce him back into his old ways.   Dumbledore, while often kind and calm, did have a very serious side of himself and was capable of a terrifying wrath. This was rarely seen but appears to be well known and combined with his exceptional magical abilities, made very few of his allies willing to cross him and almost all of his enemies feared him, to the point that even Lord Voldemort and Gellert Grindelwald were known for fearing him, despite their own incredible magical powers, wrath and status as the two most dangerous Dark wizards in history. Even a slight exertion of Dumbledore's serious side and anger could intimidate the likes of Harry Potter, and even the Minister for Magic Cornelius Fudge, evidenced when they both were shocked when Dumbledore made it clear quite firmly that Hagrid did not open the Chamber of Secrets, despite Dumbledore not openly showing anger. Additionally, rather than shouting when Harry entered Hogwarts with the Ford Anglia, and when Harry failed to get Slughorn's memory, just an expression of calm disappointment on both occasions was enough to make Harry feel ashamed to the point that he found it preferable if Dumbledore shouted at him. Additionally he was able to reduce Snape to ashamed and pitiful grovelling with a single sentence proclaiming his disgust at the former's willingness to let Lily Potter's husband and son die so he could have a chance at rekindling his relationship with her, speaking with a tone of contempt the likes of which Harry (when witnessing the memory of this encounter) had never heard nor thought him capable of.   At the apex of Dumbledore's wrath, which happened extremely
rarely, such as when he apprehended Barty Crouch Jnr, who impersonated Moody and almost killed Harry, Dumbledore was described as "being struck with cold, ancient fury". In fact, during this rare moment of intense anger (caused by Dumbledore's realisation that, not only had Voldemort been resurrected, but also that he had been expertly deceived by the guise of a close and trusted friend for an entire year), Dumbledore was so terrifying that even Minerva McGonagall and Severus Snape, both extremely powerful and stern wizards who rarely displayed emotions, were clearly uneasy. Harry himself (who was also rather terrified of his reaction) fully understood then why Dumbledore was the only wizard that Voldemort ever feared. In addition to being completely unintimidated but rather saddened by Harry's profound bursts of rage regarding Sirius (though Dumbledore knew full well he completely deserved Harry's anger), in all the other times Harry unleashed his anger, Dumbledore proved himself capable of quelling even Harry's anger with just a slight exertion of his dark side, as he silenced Harry's questions regarding his judgement of Draco and Snape and even silenced Harry's anger with just indicating he had crossed the line, showing even Harry's rage could not match the seriousness and fury the old but extraordinarily powerful wizard was capable of. As a somewhat interesting side note, his displays of rage were virtually opposite in character to those of Voldemort. Where Voldemort's temper was seen to be highly volatile, impulsive, and somewhat random, Dumbledore's most angry moments were characterised by cold, deliberate, highly controlled action.  Dumbledore's grief Dumbledore was haunted by his traumatic family history. In particular, he was riddled with guilt over the circumstances surrounding the death of his sister. He felt enormous remorse for his selfishness and was tortured for the rest of his life by the possibility that he might have been the one who cast the spell that killed his sister, to the point that he delayed facing Grindelwald until there was no other choice, due to him fearing what his former friend might have known about the death of Ariana. However, he had enough sense to realise that he will inevitably have to duel Grindelwald and therefore he took the position as the Professor of DADA to prepare students for the upcoming dark times. Additionally, Dumbledore's own guilt allowed him to comfort Leta Lestrange over her own guilt in the role she had in her brother Corvus' death. Indeed, it was Dumbledore's advice to Leta that induced her to save Credence Barebone from Yusuf Kama's revenge.  Dumbledore's excitement Dumbledore wasn't afraid of death as he believed "to the well organised mind, death was but "the next great adventure". Even during his short time in Limbo, he expressed his excitement to Harry for what awaits him. At times, Dumbledore could feel the pressure of his role in the world acutely and relied on his Pensieve to deal with them. He kept vials of memories which he could view in his Pensieve, some of which were his own. He often used this to find connections
he might have missed before, and also when he felt he had "too many memories".  Dumbledore casting a very powerful firestorm Dumbledore was an outstandingly talented wizard. Even while still only a student of Hogwarts, his prodigious brilliance excelled in all fields of magic to the point of being recognised by his friend Elphias Doge as the most brilliant student to ever attend the school, possibly rivalled only by the equally prodigious Tom Riddle, and attaining many awards and prizes that required incredible magical capability to obtain. As an adult, Dumbledore had become an extraordinarily powerful and accomplished wizard, deeply knowledgeable and also proficient in all areas of magic. Nearly unrivalled in abilities and powers, he was admired and feared by even others of outstanding magical talent, considered to be "the greatest wizard of all time" by many. Indeed, Dumbledore was the only wizard capable of defeating Gellert Grindelwald, and later, even in his extremely advanced age, intimidated and surpassed Lord Voldemort himself. Dumbledore pushing back Lord Voldemort in a clash of magical power Albus's Patronus in the shape of the Phoenix Dumbledore non-verbally and wandlessly changing the colours of the house banners in the Great Hall Dumbledore conjuring a firestorm to ward off the Inferi and protect Harry Potter Dumbledore's Pensieve Dumbledore's office housed "a number of curious... instruments." Among them was a Pensieve, a stone receptacle used to store and review memories, which witches and wizards are able to extract from their heads as a type of fluid. Harry first discovered this device to witness Dumbledore's memory of Igor Karkaroff's trial before the Wizengamot,[58] and also used it to view Severus Snape's memories of childhood. During the private lessons between Harry and Dumbledore, the Pensieve was used to view a variety of memories about Tom Riddle's past.[46]  Dumbledore was also seen using the Deluminator, a device for removing and later returning light, and for use as a homing device.[10] It was confirmed when the object was inherited by Ron that the Deluminator was of Dumbledore's own design.[114] Dumbledore was the possessor and master of the Elder Wand, an extremely powerful wand known also as the "Wand of Destiny" or the "Deathstick", and one of the Deathly Hallows, until he was disarmed by Draco Malfoy at the top of the Astronomy Tower.[46] The wand's allegiance was then transferred to Harry Potter nearly a year later.[28] Unlike many of the wand's previous owners, Dumbledore kept its identity a closely guarded secret and did not use it for evil or cruel reasons.   He also owned a pet phoenix named Fawkes,[47] who left Hogwarts Castle after Dumbledore's death.[46] It was revealed in that two of Fawkes's feathers form the magical cores of both Harry's and Voldemort's wands.[28] This was another testament to his skill as phoenixes were notoriously difficult to domesticate,[115] although they have been long associated with the Dumbledore family. His great-great grandfather was said to have owned a phoenix[116], as did his alleged relative Credence Barebone/Aurelius Dumbledore.[117] According to legend, a phoenix will appear to anyone of the
Dumbledore Family in dire need.   Professor Dumbledore kept a journal in which he would have written in regularly. He also kept a pocket watch with twelve hands, but instead of numbers it had little planets moving around the edge.[10]  In a long career, Albus Dumbledore served as teacher of at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, first as its Defence Against the Dark Arts instructor and later as a Transfiguration Professor, (and eventual promotion to Head of the Transfiguration department), making contributions to such learned, scholarly publications as Transfiguration Today, Challenges in Charming, and The Practical Potioneer, ultimately rounding his career off by becoming arguably the finest and most revered Headmaster the school had ever seen. He was also a famous alchemist who worked with Nicolas Flamel, the only known maker of the Philosopher's Stone, and was credited with discovering the twelve uses of dragon's blood.  Dumbledore became the Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot, and Supreme Mugwump of the International Confederation of Wizards. He was removed from these posts during his conflict with the Ministry of Magic under Minister for Magic Cornelius Fudge but was reinstated when the Ministry was forced to acknowledge that he had correctly warned that Voldemort had returned. He held the Order of Merlin, First Class, for Grand Sorcery.  Percival and Kendra Dumbledore, his parents Albus's relationship with his parents was not very clear. However, it can be theorised that he most likely did not hold his father in high regard, as he was imprisoned in Azkaban for magically attacking three Muggle boys who had inflicted permanent psychological damage on Ariana. According to Aberforth, their mother taught Albus secrecy. Given that she read stories to him, it can be assumed that Albus had a good relationship with her, or at least a better one than the one she had with Aberforth. Her death made Albus feel angry and bitter, as it left him with the responsibility of a damaged sister and a wayward brother, and he thought himself trapped and wasted.  Later on, during his conversation with Harry in limbo, he confessed that he truly loved each and every one of his family but was blinded by his ambition and his madness. He had originally intended to use the Resurrection Stone to bring back his parents, so that the heavy responsibility on his shoulders would be lifted. After Ariana's tragic and unexpected death, he planned, instead, to use the stone (if he ever found it, that is) to bring back his parents and his sister to apologise to them. This desire, however, ultimately caused his death: the Resurrection Stone had become part of a ring whose curse infected him the instant he put it on and slowly killed him.  Ariana Dumbledore, his younger sister Albus Dumbledore was Ariana Dumbledore's eldest brother and was not nearly as close to his younger siblings as they were to each other. Although he loved his younger sister, Albus was resentful when he had to take responsibility for her after their mother's death, which forced him
to stay at home, and thus abandon his ambitious plans. When he and Gellert Grindelwald made plans to subjugate Muggles and take power in the wizarding world, Albus planned to bring Ariana with them, but Aberforth pointed out that she was in no state to go. This launched a three-way duel between the brothers and Grindelwald, and Ariana was accidentally killed in the fray. Albus was devastated by his sister's death and for the rest of his life, Albus never forgave himself for the part he played in her death and always felt tremendous guilt and remorse over it. While he hardly ever spoke of this guilt to anyone, Dumbledore admitted it to Leta Lestrange in an effort to get her to open up about her own guilt and admitted that he had not loved Ariana enough during her life. Dumbledore was also haunted with the fear that it had been him who cast the curse that killed Ariana, to the point that he delayed facing Grindelwald for years.[113]  From then on, Albus's Boggart would be Ariana's corpse.[17]  Aberforth Dumbledore, his younger brother Aberforth Dumbledore was Albus's younger brother. Although Albus loved him, the two brothers were not close to each other, as they were very different persons in personality, with Aberforth resenting being in Albus's shadow. Despite not being close, it cannot be doubted that Albus loved and cared for him dearly, evidenced by the fact that even though he resented having to stay at home, Albus still refused to allow Aberforth to stop his education out of concern of his brother's future. While Albus likely alienated him, along with Ariana, during his obsession with Gellert Grindelwald, when Grindelwald attacked Aberforth, Albus immediately came to his brother's aid and fought against his lover, clearly displaying that even at the height of his worst years, Albus still cared for Aberforth's well-being immensely. After Ariana's death, Albus and Aberforth's relationship became very estranged, as Aberforth blamed Albus for the death of the sister he and his mother spent so much time caring for. Although they eventually established a cordial relationship with each other, with Aberforth joining the Order of Phoenix when Albus founded it and attending Albus's funeral, Aberforth and Albus still remained distant as Aberforth was not able to forgive Albus. Albus himself made no attempts to change his brother's opinion about him, apparently acknowledging that he deserved it and accepting it as his punishment for their tragic family past, which Albus had a hand in. However, Albus was nevertheless saddened that he and Aberforth never could reconcile, and he did have a strong desire to make peace with him, as whenever he looked into the Mirror of Erised later in his life, Albus would see himself and Aberforth reconciled, and all of his family returned to him. Albus also came to believe that Aberforth was a better person than he was due to his much greater devotion to Ariana, which Harry Potter disagreed with. Aberforth himself however, eventually changed his opinions of his brother when Harry Potter helped him
realise what Albus's intention really was and had forgiven him, as he chose to participate in the Battle of Hogwarts, helping the students and faculty of Hogwarts and the Hogsmeade residents to protect the school where Albus served as Headmaster for almost half of his lifetime, from Lord Voldemort, as well as to allow Harry time to find what he thought to be the last Horcrux.  Aurelius Dumbledore, his nephew Aurelius was Albus's nephew through his brother Abeforth. Dumbledore first became aware about the rumours of his nephew during the summer he fell in love for the first and only time, when his brother also fell in love, with a girl from Godric's Hollow. The rumours were of a child, indeed Albus's nephew, but the girl was sent away, and Albus was unable to help his brother with his son due to Aberforth having never sought or confided in his elder brother for help. Aurlieus, the boy's name, was lost to them for more than thirty years until he was already an adult.[118]  In 1927, Albus Dumbledore developed an interest in Credence, Aurelius' now adopted name, and worked with his former student, Newt Scamander, twice in order to protect him from Gellert Grindelwald. Though Albus was aware of the Obscurial, he was unaware it was a lost member of his family. Though Grindelwald claimed to Credence he was Aurelius Dumbledore, Albus's younger brother, this was also indeed not the factual truth. Later on, Credence agreed to help Grindelwald bypass the Dark Wizard's blood pact and kill Albus.[35] In 1932, Dumbledore met his nephew in person for the first time on a street in Berlin, and they had a conversation about Credence's abandonment, for he still believed Grindelwald's lie that he and Albus were brothers. At the beginning of a duel, Credence's phoenix flew past Dumbledore and Credence told him that the phoenix was there for him, not Albus. Using his Obscurus powers, he tried to consume Albus but was rejected. He ran toward Dumbledore while his Obscurus followed, destroying the street. Dumbledore realised that Credence was really a Dumbledore - the son of Albus' brother Aberforth and thus his nephew - after witnessing Credence's phoenix drop ashes on him. Expressing compassion for the young man's pain, confirming they indeed shared the same blood, and his promise that he didn't know about his existence, Dumbledore helped Credence up and the two parted ways without further conflict.[119]  Understanding the rumours to have been true, Dumbledore quickly informed his unknowing brother of his son and that the boy-like man needed his father (Aberforth's) help. Later, in Bhutan, Dumbledore helped Aberforth protect Credence from the Killing Curse shot by Grindelwald. Afterwards, Dumbledore watched as the phoenix followed Credence and Aberforth home. Though happy for his brother and sympathetic to his nephew's pain, he was convinced that his nephew couldn't be saved due to his Obscurial nature poisoning him, meaning that young man only had limited time left despite Grindelwald's failure to kill him.[120]  Gellert Grindelwald, his former lover and great enemy Dumbledore
first met Gellert Grindelwald when he was seventeen. They were introduced by Grindelwald's great aunt, Bathilda Bagshot. They got along almost instantly, according to Bagshot. They were ultimately united by their desire to have the Deathly Hallows. They also made a blood pact, and they swore an oath never to fight each other. At one point they were romantically involved and had a very passionate relationship; so passionate that Dumbledore would, for a time, see Grindelwald in the Mirror of Erised as his greatest desire.   They were great friends and lovers for two months until Aberforth, Dumbledore's brother, confronted them over the neglect of Ariana Dumbledore. Grindelwald lost control during the argument and attacked Aberforth. Dumbledore rushed forward to defend his brother, and during the duel his sister, Ariana, was killed. Grindelwald fled and Dumbledore ended their friendship, although his romantic desires did not subside.  For a long and tumultuous time in his life, Albus's greatest and most desperate desire was his former best friend and lover, Gellert Grindelwald Grindelwald spent a number of years gaining power in Europe while Dumbledore spent his time teaching young wizards at Hogwarts. While Grindelwald and his army terrorised Europe, Dumbledore remained in Britain and refused adamantly to face Grindelwald. While this was partially due to the Blood Pact, which also kept Britain safe as Grindelwald couldn't attempt an attack as it would mean a duel with Albus, which would violate the Pact, Dumbledore showed he still had lingering affection for Grindelwald, as when he looked at the Mirror of Erised at this time in his life, he saw Grindelwald. Nevertheless, Dumbledore tried to indirectly participate in Grindelwald's defeat, and he used Newt to do it by sending him to America with the injured Thunderbird Frank, knowing somehow Grindelwald had infiltrated America in search for the Obscurial there, which Dumbledore knew he intended to use against him. However, after the death of Leta Lestrange, Dumbledore put aside whatever affection he had for Grindelwald and was determined to break the Blood Pact.  While not having the vial destroyed, he made sure that the wizarding world would survive Grindelwald's reign of terror by providing whatever intellectual and possibly magical assistance he could. After finally succeeding, Dumbledore directly tracked down Grindelwald. Upon finding each other, Dumbledore and Grindelwald initiated a legendary duel of 1945, unleashing all of their extraordinary magical capabilities on each other, the display being so amazing that it remains among the greatest magical battles ever in history. Dumbledore eventually triumphed in the end, despite Grindelwald's mastery of the Elder Wand, becoming the wand's new master and he then brought in Grindelwald to the authorities of the magical world, who imprisoned him in his own prison Nurmengard.  Years later in 1998, Grindelwald refused to give any information to Lord Voldemort about the Elder Wand despite the fact that he was imprisoned, wandless and face-to-face with the only Dark wizard ever considered greater and more powerful than himself. This seems to indicate that Grindelwald no longer held the views of those who practised
the Dark Arts and had contemplated and felt remorse over his actions and that his lie was a last act to repent for his sins, something which Dumbledore acknowledged to be true, implying despite Grindelwald's crimes, Dumbledore still retained some fondness for him and believed that he truly had felt remorse over his crimes during his imprisonment in Nurmengard. It was speculated by Harry Potter that Grindelwald had given his life to prevent Voldemort from desecrating Dumbledore's tomb, possibly indicating Grindelwald still respected and cared for Dumbledore despite all that happened.  Newt Scamander, his former student and friend Dumbledore's relationship with the famous magizoologist was very close. During Newt's time at Hogwarts, Dumbledore was his Defence Against the Dark Arts Professor. When one of Leta Lestrange's experiments involving a magical beast went too far, endangering the life of another student. Newt did not want to see a friend thrown out of school, so he took the blame for Leta's actions, and was thus sentenced to be expelled from Hogwarts in her place. Albus developed unending trust and loyalty to him after he argued strongly against his expulsion. It is unclear whether the expulsion was enforced or not, or if it was temporary or permanent. However, Newt was allowed to keep his wand. After school Newt probably was in regular contact with his teacher. Newt respected his mentor enough to do tasks for him. Dumbledore told him where to find one ill-bred Thunderbird and later sent his former student to New York to release this beast, whose natural environment was Arizona. At this time Newt helped capture Gellert Grindelwald, who was trying to convince Obscurial Credence Barebone to join his ranks. Newt was extremely loyal to Dumbledore, because when he appealed to his travel ban, he lied to the committee members that he had gone to the United States on his orders. When Grindelwald managed to escape, Albus felt that he would not be able to fight the Dark wizard, so he asked Scamander for help. Dumbledore admired him, because he didn't care about power or popularity, which is quite ironic as Dumbledore once craved at least one of these things. He sent Newt to Paris to rescue Credence, who survived battle in New York, but Newt was reluctant, nevertheless he was willing to accept the address of a safe-house. The rumours of Newton's potential travel to France reached the British Ministry of Magic, and a delegation, including Newt's brother Theseus Scamander, Leta Lestrange and Torquil Travers, was sent to Hogwarts Castle to question Dumbledore. Albus only pretended that he did not know anything about it and said that Newt was not a great follower of orders. During the Battle in Lestrange family Mausoleum, a vial of Dumbledore's and Grindelwald's blood pact was stolen from Grindelwald, however, without his knowledge by a Niffler belonging to Newt Scamander. Shortly thereafter, Scamander brought it to Dumbledore at Hogwarts. Dumbledore expressed regret at Leta's death in the mausoleum. Newt in turn did not ask Dumbledore why he would form a blood pact with Grindelwald but
simply asked him to destroy it, showing respect for his privacy. Although it apparently took years, Dumbledore clearly managed to abolish the blood pact, allowing him to finally defeat Grindelwald in a legendary duel.  Voldemort, his former student and greatest enemy Dumbledore personally approached Mrs Cole, the caretaker of the orphanage in which Tom Riddle resided to enrol the latter in Hogwarts. Dumbledore met Tom Riddle for the first time there and was unaware at the time that he had just met the person who would become the most powerful and dangerous Dark wizard of all time. He was however intrigued by Tom Riddle as his powers were surprisingly well-developed by such a young wizard who had begun to use them consciously. Dumbledore was also disturbed by the fact that Tom was a Parselmouth, a rare ability supposedly connected with the Dark Arts, although not as much as the fact that Tom had obvious instincts for cruelty, secrecy and domination which was proved by the fact that Tom had used his magic to hurt the other children in the orphanage. Dumbledore then returned to Hogwarts intending to keep an eye upon Tom Riddle, as he was alone and friendless, a dangerous situation, but at that point Dumbledore, ever the man who staunchly believed in second chances and redemption, still considered Riddle as being not a lost cause and could repent.  When then-headmaster Armando Dippet confided in Dumbledore about Tom Riddle approaching him about staying on after graduation to teach Defence Against the Dark Arts — which he only refused due to Tom's age, suggesting he ask again in a few years — Dumbledore advised him against it. Though he explained none of his reasons to Professor Dippet, for the headmaster was just as charmed by Tom as the other professors, Dumbledore felt uneasy about the request and did not want Riddle back at Hogwarts in a position of power and influence over impressionable young minds.  Tom Riddle and Dumbledore While Dumbledore was aware of Tom Riddle's transformation and rise to power, he still maintained contact with the latter, even allowing him to visit the school for a supposed job interview. When Tom, or Lord Voldemort as he began calling himself, visited the school, Dumbledore was courteous. However, Dumbledore suspected that Voldemort wanted more than a job, likely wanting to raise an army. He was troubled at some of the rumours about Tom, these were true of course. When Dumbledore turned down Voldemort's request, this sealed the deep resentment Voldemort would continue to feel towards him and he cursed the Defence Against the Dark Arts post out of spite.  It was clear that while many who followed Dumbledore's cause both feared and despised Voldemort greatly, Dumbledore did not share such views as he had known Tom Riddle personally, and although he was committed to defeating him, Dumbledore held no personal resentment nor fear towards the Dark Lord and continued to see him as his former student worthy of being pitied for his childhood and complete inability to understand love,
as he had never received any. He even appeared to feel some deep-rooted guilt and remorse over his inability to change Riddle, as he noted with great sadness in his face and tone that he sincerely wished he could have forced Voldemort to repent for his sins in a peaceful manner. Dumbledore understood the evil in Riddle as a result of a string of unfortunate events and performed intensive research on him, eventually discovering his Horcruxes. After Riddle's transformation into Lord Voldemort, contrary to the rest of the wizarding community's fear of saying the Dark Lord's name, Dumbledore, as the only person Voldemort (secretly) feared, refused to be intimidated by the Dark Lord, referring to him as "Voldemort" to others and as "Tom" in conversation with Voldemort himself, a subtle but steadfast refusal to allow Lord Voldemort to dictate the terms of their relationship and a trait that would later be inherited by Harry Potter. Riddle, for his part, held Dumbledore in open contempt, hatred and disdain as "a Muggle-loving fool" and believer in the power of love but nevertheless feared him and never actively sought a battle with him even with the protection of his Horcruxes, showing that he acknowledged (on an inner level) Dumbledore as a powerful and deadly wizard.  Albus Dumbledore locked in combat with Voldemort In 1996, Dumbledore and Voldemort met face to face in the Ministry of Magic. Voldemort started a dangerous duel during which he used all of his tremendous magical capabilities in an attempt to murder Harry Potter along with his former teacher. Fortunately for Dumbledore, he proved himself to be worthy of his title as the only wizard who was ever feared by Voldemort and maintained the offensive in the battle, eventually forcing Voldemort to flee. A short while later, Dumbledore became aware of Voldemort's plan to use Draco Malfoy to kill him, possibly as Voldemort realised from their previous altercation that he would lose a duel with Dumbledore head on and thus used Dumbledore's empathy for Draco to give Draco a greater chance to kill him. Dumbledore requested to Snape that he should be the one to kill him instead of Malfoy. Despite dying to Snape in 1997, Dumbledore's legacy allowed Harry Potter to defeat Voldemort once and for all in 1998.  Patricia Rakepick Albus Dumbledore was, at the time of Patricia Rakepick's arrival at Hogwarts, the school's Head of Transfiguration under then Headmaster Armando Dippet, until he eventually succeeded the latter in said post at some point during her magical education. Unlike all of the other staff members, Dumbledore did not let her rebellious streak, a trait for which, seen as it went beyond mere mischief-making, many of his colleagues came to distrust and dislike her for, cloud the fact that she was an exceptional student and spoke highly of her abilities even after her graduation. He welcomed her warmly back to Hogwarts upon inviting her back to the castle to help the staff in their efforts to put a stop to the threat posed to the security of the
school and those who dwelled therein by the fabled Cursed Vaults, though it is unknown if he shared Severus Snape's suspicions about her ulterior motives, the latter of whom believed, quite correctly, that Dumbledore trusted her.  After Rakepick revealed herself to be a traitor working for R, Dumbledore did not seem too surprised, showing that he did suspect her but just didn't take it to extreme levels. Regardless, Dumbledore didn't seem to resent her too much for having ruthlessly tortured Merula Snyde, as although he considered it a major priority to neutralise her, Dumbledore openly suggested against Merula Snyde being too focused to kill her.  Harry Potter, his favourite student and protégé Dumbledore was well known for the care and steadfast championing of Harry Potter. It was Dumbledore who planned and wanted the infant Harry to be taken from the cottage at Godric's Hollow where Harry's parents had been murdered, taking him away from his godfather and rightful guardian. He then left Harry in the care of Harry's Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon in Surrey, Little Whinging, placing Harry on the doorstep of their home, despite them not being named guardians in the event of James and Lily's death. Despite being aware of the criminal abuse Harry had suffered while living with the Dursley family through a contact, Arabella Figg, he did not step in to prevent the abuse Harry suffered as a child, leaving him to suffer with his magical hating Aunt and Uncle and bullying cousin Dudley. Throughout Harry's years at Hogwarts, Dumbledore provided him with protection and guidance, and supplemented Harry's schooling with additional information about Lord Voldemort.  After the Rebirth of Lord Voldemort, Dumbledore, in an effort to prevent Voldemort from learning certain details through his link to Harry, refused to disclose certain details to Harry. This caused some friction between the two. Soon after Sirius' death Dumbledore attempted to comfort and explain himself to the distraught Harry, who took his anger out by demolishing Dumbledore's office, even going so far as to consider attacking him. When Dumbledore explained to Harry that he had done so because he cared a great deal for him and wished to avoid Voldemort learning the true nature of their relationship, Harry was still angry but was more understanding.  By Harry's sixth year, Albus Dumbledore took on the role of providing Harry with additional insights into the origins of Lord Voldemort, as Voldemort's power was growing enormously stronger. He did this largely through the use of the Pensieve. He entrusted Harry with the task of getting a final, crucial memory from Horace Slughorn regarding Voldemort's knowledge of Horcruxes.   When Dumbledore was killed, Harry was devastated.  Harry Potter speaking with Albus Dumbledore in Limbo Harry and Dumbledore forged a strong Student — Headmaster bond, comparable to that between two close family members (most likely the case of a great-grandfather — grandson), in spite of the century in age difference. Harry felt comfortable enough around the impressive, intimidating figure of Dumbledore to shout at him in frustration, cry
out of grief, admit to his fears, and entrust him with his life. Dumbledore in return considered Harry to be a talented and powerful wizard who had inherited his parents' best qualities, noting that Harry was a leader of superior quality to himself, as Harry led because others looked to him to lead them rather than because he had ever sought power or authority for himself. He also had great faith in Harry as shown when Dumbledore was in a weakened state and Harry, who had never Apparated beyond a few feet, had to Apparate them both back. Dumbledore told Harry that he wasn't worried because he was with Harry.  After Dumbledore's death, Harry decided to continue the impossibly difficult task Dumbledore had left him of finding and destroying each of Voldemort's Horcruxes. However Harry had difficulty coping with the fact that there was much Dumbledore had not told him, about his history with the Deathly Hallows and Gellert Grindelwald: even doubting that Dumbledore even cared about him, beginning to believe the old Headmaster simply thought of Harry as nothing more than a tool to be used. Something Harry thought was proven true when he learned during the Battle of Hogwarts that Dumbledore had supposedly planned all along for Harry to sacrifice himself.  Before the final event of the Battle of Hogwarts, after Harry sacrificed himself and was struck by Voldemort's Killing Curse and nearly died back in the Forbidden Forest, his soul went to a place resembling King's Cross Station, where Dumbledore was waiting to speak with him. The fact that Dumbledore himself was there to meet Harry in a place between life and death attests to the bond of fellowship between them, not to mention Dumbledore had been waiting nearly a year for Harry in limbo. Dumbledore proceeded to tie up the loose ends with Harry, explaining everything he withheld whilst he was alive. At one point, Dumbledore seemed to beg for Harry's reassurance, uncharacteristically doubting some of the decisions he had made in the course of his life, which Harry easily gave him. He even pleaded with Harry to forgive him for the mistakes he's made, acknowledging Harry as the better man. Though Harry had felt some resentment for how little he felt Dumbledore had actually revealed of himself in their time together, Dumbledore showed a side of himself that no one had ever seen to Harry. Afterwards, the two part ways on good terms, as Harry returned to the living world to defeat Voldemort for good, while Dumbledore went "on" to the afterlife. After the war, Harry also named his second son after his old mentor.  Rubeus Hagrid: his friend, colleague, and former student Dumbledore displayed an innate trust of Rubeus Hagrid in every situation starting from when Hagrid attended Hogwarts. Dumbledore believed that Hagrid did not open the Chamber of Secrets and asked the former Headmaster Armando Dippet to train Hagrid as the gamekeeper so he could stay. Since that time Dumbledore has shown many examples of his faith in Hagrid. For example, Hagrid
is the one tasked to protect Harry Potter as he is brought to live with the Dursleys, in addition he is asked to bring the Philosopher's Stone back from Gringotts. Dumbledore also sent Hagrid on other important missions, such as attempting to persuade the giants to join the side of the Order of the Phoenix. Dumbledore additionally was the only one who supported Hagrid's decision to bring his giant half-brother Grawp with him back to Hogwarts after his mission to recruit the giants failed, allowing Grawp to stay in the Forbidden Forest and later having him sent to the mountains near Hogsmeade. Hagrid was also devastated by Dumbledore's death in 1997. He was also right about telling Harry that Snape was on Dumbledore's side. Hagrid in return greatly admired and trusted Dumbledore and took extreme offence to anyone who dared insult the Headmaster.  Minerva McGonagall: his friend, colleague, and former student Minerva McGonagall knew Dumbledore for the majority of her life. She attended Hogwarts as a student during Dumbledore's time as the Transfiguration Professor and later went on to replace him when he took the position of Head of the school. She served for many years as his Deputy Headmistress, standing in for him and even replacing him as standing Headmistress on several occasions.[46][47]  Minerva had great faith in Dumbledore, placing great stock in the differences between him and Voldemort.[8] However, she did not hesitate to disagree with him when she felt the need to do so. She was extremely opposed to his decision to place Harry Potter with his narrow-minded Muggle aunt and uncle, saying that "You couldn't find two people who are less like us."[10] She also served more than once to bring Dumbledore back on track when he became distracted from the matter currently at hand.[58]  Dumbledore discovered Minerva in tears in her classroom late one evening, after she found out about the marriage of a young love to another woman. She confessed the whole story to him and Albus Dumbledore offered both comfort and wisdom, telling Minerva some of his own family history, previously unknown to her. The confidences exchanged that night between two intensely private and reserved characters were to form the basis of a lasting mutual esteem and friendship.  Minerva had no qualms about displaying her loyalty to Dumbledore. When Cornelius Fudge brought Aurors to arrest Dumbledore in 1996, she boldly stepped forward and announced her intention to fight the Aurors on his behalf. She only stepped back at Dumbledore's insistence when he reminded her that Hogwarts and her students would need her in his absence.[62]  Minerva was devastated when Dumbledore was killed in 1997 during the Battle of the Astronomy Tower and attended his funeral.[46] A year later, when Harry Potter returned to Hogwarts on a mission given to him by Dumbledore, she did not question the decision of her dead friend, but immediately sought to provide whatever assistance she could.[28]  Severus Snape, a trusted ally, colleague, and former student Snape's relationship with Dumbledore was one of close, but
not indefinite trust. After indirectly and accidentally sending Voldemort after Lily, Snape turned to Dumbledore to keep her safe. Dumbledore was initially scornful towards Snape for his Death Eater affiliations and openly disgusted when the man confessed a selfish willingness to let Lily's family perish so he could have her to himself, but eventually agreed to capitalise on Snape's remorse and initiated him into the Order of the Phoenix as a double agent.  As a spy for the Order, Snape silently kept his place within the ranks of the Death Eaters, while informing Dumbledore about their movements. He also adopted the role of secret agent for Voldemort and supplied him with strategic scraps of information about the Order. The content of these reports was often dictated by Dumbledore. It is implied that Snape withheld little, if any, information from Dumbledore that was relevant to the Order's success, while Snape deliberately did the opposite for Voldemort.  "I am fortunate, extremely fortunate, that I have you, Severus..." It is notable that Dumbledore did not confide completely in Snape, thereby minimising the potential damage that might occur if Snape was compromised. Snape resented Dumbledore's secrecy, and was offended by this lack of faith in his abilities. However, when Snape discovered that he had been used as a pawn in Harry's own destruction, he was horrified, seeing it as a calculated betrayal of Lily's memory.  Dumbledore clearly underestimated Snape's capacity for love, and years later was very surprised to learn that Snape still maintained his devotion. Furthermore, he complimented Snape's bravery, stating he was far braver than Igor Karkaroff and that sometimes they sorted too soon, leaving Snape dumbstruck. But in contrast to this, Dumbledore overestimated Snape's feelings to get over "old grudges" and therefore assigned him to tutor Harry in Occlumency, which ended badly between the two parties.   In 1996, Dumbledore was cursed by putting on Marvolo Gaunt's Ring, which was a Horcrux (he put it on when he was distracted by finding out that it was the Resurrection Stone, hoping to talk to his dead family). He managed to contact Severus who was able to contain the curse in his right hand. However, Snape knew and told Dumbledore that the curse would get stronger and stronger and eventually kill him painfully, giving him a prognosis of about a year. By this time, Dumbledore was aware of Voldemort's plan to kill him through assigning Draco Malfoy by threatening to kill his parents. Knowing that he was going to die in a year and to save Draco Malfoy's safety and his soul, he begged Snape to give him a quick and painless death when the time came. Snape, although resistant at first to killing Dumbledore, carried it out at the Battle of the Astronomy Tower, when Draco Malfoy had managed to bring Death Eaters into Hogwarts. Dumbledore also entrusted Snape with protecting the students once Hogwarts fell into Voldemort's control.  It is notable that despite trusting Snape had reformed, Dumbledore never allowed him his coveted position of professor of Defence
Against the Dark Arts, ostensibly under the concern that it would cause him to revert to "old habits". However, it is more likely that he did it out of a desire to protect Snape from the jinx he believed Lord Voldemort had put on the job after failing to acquire the position himself. This same jinx prevented any teacher from lasting more than twelve months at the post, sometimes with fatal results. After being cursed by Marvolo Gaunt's ring and ordering Snape to kill him, Dumbledore finally granted him the Defence Against the Dark Arts post, knowing that if Snape were to kill him, he would be vilified by the wizarding public and forced to abandon the post.  Elphias Doge, his friend for many years Elphias Doge became a close friend of Dumbledore's during their first day at Hogwarts. Elphias suffered from Dragon Pox, and everybody avoided him. Elphias thought Dumbledore was a very great wizard, and a very great person, and believed that his many early losses endowed him with great humanity and strong sympathy, as he stated in an obituary he wrote for Albus Dumbledore, after his death.  Elphias pitied Dumbledore about his father, mother, and sister, and had a highly opinion of him. Elphias soon became a member of the Order of the Phoenix, an organisation that Dumbledore had led. He also attended Albus Dumbledore's funeral.  Elphias also told Harry to never believe Rita Skeeter and Muriel's slanders about Albus Dumbledore's family life, including that Ariana was a Squib. It is possible that Elphias Doge fought in the Battle of Hogwarts.  Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger, his former students Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger were Harry Potter's best friends and, like Harry, they thought Dumbledore was a great wizard. Dumbledore liked them too, despite that he wasn't as close to them as he was to Harry.   After his death, he left Ron his Deluminator (a unique artefact created by Dumbledore himself) and Hermione his copy of The Tales of Beedle the Bard. These gifts were proven very useful, as Ron abandoned Harry and Hermione formerly to find his family, and, when he wanted to come back to Harry and Hermione, the Deluminator showed him the way. The trio also read the Tales of Beedle the Bard and learned about the Deathly Hallows. Harry, Ron and Hermione also visited Dumbledore's portrait, after the Battle of Hogwarts.  The Weasley family Apart from Ron, Dumbledore was respected greatly by the rest of the Weasley family. They considered him as the greatest wizard of all time and supported him through everything (except Percy who disbelieved him about Voldemort's return) and was even the Hogwarts Headmaster during the times in which all the Weasleys attended Hogwarts.  Arthur and Molly Weasley always respected Dumbledore and were very loyal to him. Arthur, like Dumbledore, believed in the equality of all witches, wizards and Muggles while Molly considered him a great wizard who doesn't make mistakes. When the Ministry of Magic began to disbelieve Dumbledore and Harry, they supported
the two famous wizards rather than the Ministry and became members of the second Order of the Phoenix.  Dumbledore's relationship with Bill happened to be a friendly one since they were both Gryffindors and liked each other. It is very likely that he also had a good relationship with Charlie.  Percy also thought of Dumbledore as a great wizard, but sometimes odd. In 1995, Percy's relationship with Dumbledore became antagonistic when he and Harry claimed that Voldemort had returned, Percy was loyal to the Ministry and participated in discrediting Harry and Dumbledore altogether. When the truth was revealed, Percy learned he had made a mistake and in 1997, attended Dumbledore's funeral.  Fred and George appeared to respect Dumbledore very much. Dumbledore also appeared to like the twins, despite their mischief-making, but knew they were good people at heart. They even joined the second Order of the Phoenix and even Dumbledore's Army.  Ginny Weasley admired Dumbledore a lot and became his student in 1992. Dumbledore comforted and reassured Ginny after she was possessed by a fragment of Voldemort's soul and manipulated into opening the Chamber of Secrets during the 1992–1993 school year. Ginny was one of the first people to learn about Dumbledore's death, and the only one able to console Harry afterwards. Ginny also named her younger son, Albus Severus Potter after Dumbledore.  James and Lily Potter, his friends and former students Dumbledore first met James Potter and Lily Evans during their first year at Hogwarts, where he was the Headmaster. Dumbledore had a good relationship with both of them, knowing them both to be pure souls. James had lent Dumbledore his Invisibility Cloak, one of the three Deathly Hallows, at Dumbledore's own request for examination. After James's death, Dumbledore returned the cloak to James's son, Harry.  When the Potters became Voldemort's targets due to a prophecy made about their son and the Dark Lord, Dumbledore attempted to protect them by casting the Fidelius Charm and offering to be their Secret Keeper, but the role of Secret Keeper went instead to Peter Pettigrew, which turned out to be a fatal mistake, as Peter turned out to be a spy, and he betrayed Lily and James to Voldemort, who killed them. Dumbledore was very saddened by their deaths and dedicated the rest of his life to protecting their son, Harry, without giving him any happiness in his childhood. He often told Harry about the great goodness of his parents, and repeatedly consoled him with the assurance that his parents would never ever truly leave him because of their love for him. Dumbledore also believed that Harry's love for his parents was his greatest power.  The Dursleys, whom he entrusted Harry Potter to Dumbledore had been known to have at least some correspondence with the Dursley family before the birth of their nephew. In 1971, Petunia Evans wrote a letter to Dumbledore asking if she could attend Hogwarts along with her sister. Dumbledore kindly rejected her request due to her being a Muggle, which had likely contributed
to Petunia's already growing hatred of magic. Ten years later, Dumbledore illegally dropped Petunia's nephew at her doorstep shortly after the murders of her sister and brother-in-law, despite the fact they were not named guardian candidates of Harry in the events of James and Lily's death. Dumbledore had hoped that doing so would ensure an ancient form of magic that Lily's wilful loving sacrifice for her son had created. However, Petunia and her own husband both resented Harry's presence for the next ten years.  After Harry had received his letter from Rubeus Hagrid, Vernon had denounced Dumbledore as a "crackpot old fool" and refused to pay for Harry's school funds. In response to this irreverent outburst, Hagrid gave a pig's tail to Vernon's son, Dudley Dursley. In the summer of 1995, Vernon was about to throw Harry out of the house when Petunia received a Howler from Dumbledore simply stating, "Remember my last, Petunia." Less than a year later, Harry and Dumbledore were talking about why the former had to stay at the Dursley house despite his miserable existence he endured there.  A couple of months later, Dumbledore met with the Dursleys for the final time in his life. During his visit to their house, Dumbledore went over the protection that the Dursleys were affording Harry, Harry's inheritance of Sirius Black's possessions, and current updates in the wizarding world. In addition, Dumbledore chastised the Dursleys for their indulgence of their son, Dudley. Vernon and Petunia were likely indignant at Dumbledore's remarks, although Petunia, at least in Harry's eyes, responded to Dumbledore's chastisement by looking rather flustered.  Sirius Black, his friend and former student Dumbledore had also a good relationship with Sirius Black, James Potter's best friend and Harry Potter's godfather, as well as a member of the Order of the Phoenix, an organisation that Dumbledore led to oppose Voldemort and his followers. Like the rest of the wizarding world, Dumbledore initially believed that Sirius was the one who betrayed Lily and James to Lord Voldemort (and helped to condemn him in Azkaban with unproven statements and lack of evidence about his supposed betrayal), but, in 1994, he learned that it was actually Peter Pettigrew. As he had no way to prove Sirius's innocence, despite being Chief Warlock and having the power to give him a trial, Dumbledore compensated by helping Hermione and Harry save Sirius from the Dementor's Kiss, and to escape from his Ministry captors, by means of a Time-Turner and Buckbeak.  The two resumed their friendship, and Sirius helped Dumbledore to recall the Order of the Phoenix an hour after Voldemort returned. However, their relationship was soon strained: Dumbledore forced Sirius to stay at 12 Grimmauld Place on account of his being a wanted convict, and because he had a tendency to act rashly, which could lead him to put himself in great danger. Though his intentions were noble, Sirius could not bring himself to appreciate Dumbledore's thoughtfulness, as he utterly despised the home which brought him many bitter, unhappy memories, and the fact that he
was to be alone in the house most of the time made it all the more intolerable. Nevertheless, he still trusted Dumbledore enough to confide in him about how Harry felt Voldemort awaking inside him the night that Mr Weasley was attacked. Dumbledore was devastated when Sirius died, believing that it was mostly his fault and comforted Harry to the best of his ability, and expressed his belief that Sirius was a lively man of wit and courage, with a deep and genuine concern for his loved ones, and would not hesitate to come to their rescue even if it meant putting himself in danger. Sirius's death was also a factor that led to Dumbledore confessing to Harry several things that had been kept secret from him, mainly about the true power of his mother's sacrificial protection, and the prophecy about him and Voldemort.  Remus Lupin: his friend, former student, and former colleague Another good friend of Dumbledore was Remus Lupin, one of James's and Sirius's dearest friends, and a werewolf. It was Dumbledore who, by several special precautions, ensured that Remus was able to come to Hogwarts to receive a proper magical education despite his werewolf status. He became a member of the Order of the Phoenix after his graduation. Later on, in 1993, Dumbledore gave him the post of teaching Defence Against the Dark Arts, a decision some considered questionable. He even helped Remus control his werewolf-side by having Snape brew the Wolfsbane Potion for him on a regular basis. On his part, Remus confessed that Dumbledore's trust and exceptional kindness towards him meant everything to him, given that the vast majority of the wizarding world shunned him because of the deep prejudice towards werewolves, and Remus felt guilty for betraying this kindness by allowing his three Marauder friends illegally become Animagi and roaming wild during their schooling years. Despite this, after learning of Sirius's innocence, Dumbledore forgave Remus for his supposed betrayal, understanding his Marauder friends only became Animagi to help Remus in his werewolf form and considered it an extraordinary achievement. He re-joined the Order of the Phoenix when Dumbledore reinstated it in 1995, and they both fought in the Battle of the Department of Mysteries, where Remus suffered a devastating loss: Sirius died in the hands of Bellatrix Lestrange. Later on, upon overhearing a conversation about Harry's misgivings of Snape, he told Harry that to doubt Snape would be to doubt Dumbledore. In 1997, Remus was devastated by Dumbledore's death after the Battle of the Astronomy Tower, and later demonstrated his faith and loyalty to Dumbledore by fighting in the Battle of Hogwarts.  Alastor Moody, his friend Alastor Moody was a prominent Auror and Dumbledore's close friend. They fought together in many battles, and the intimacy of their friendship can be demonstrated by an instance where the usually formidable, no-nonsense Moody actually teased Dumbledore for his hatred of the Dementors. In 1994, Moody accepted Dumbledore's offer to teach Defence Against the Dark Arts, but was captured and imprisoned by Barty Crouch Jnr, who impersonated him
during the 1994-1995 school year, in order to send Harry Potter to Lord Voldemort. Dumbledore was close enough to Moody to realise at once that he was an impostor from one, slight lapse in the facade's performance and was enraged to discover the truth.  Dumbledore and Moody fought along in the Battle of the Department of Mysteries, where they suffered a devastating loss: Sirius, one of their dear friends, was killed by Bellatrix Lestrange. Moody turned out to be the next member of the Order to die after Dumbledore.  Fawkes, his loyal pet Phoenix Albus Dumbledore had a very strong bond with Fawkes, his pet phoenix, who served as a messenger and close companion. Dumbledore always looked after Fawkes when he was reborn after his countless deaths and in return Fawkes was extremely loyal to him. Fawkes was willing to take a Killing Curse in order to protect Dumbledore and did so in order to defend him from Lord Voldemort. He also helped Albus escape from several members of the Ministry of Magic when they tried to arrest him. When Dumbledore died Fawkes mourned him by singing a lament and then left Hogwarts and was apparently never seen again.  The original Order of the Phoenix, his allies The Order of the Phoenix was an organisation Dumbledore formed to oppose Voldemort and his forces. He had good relationships with most of the members, such as his brother Aberforth, Elphias Doge, Minerva McGonagall, Rubeus Hagrid, Severus Snape, James and Lily Potter, Sirius Black, Remus Lupin, and Alastor Moody.  Dumbledore with Snape He was also friends with Kingsley Shacklebolt, who believed in equality and fairness for all wizards and witches and Muggles; Arabella Figg, whom he trusted to watch Harry Potter during his years at the Dursleys' house (and heard about the abuse Harry suffered while doing nothing); Nymphadora Tonks, an Auror; Dedalus Diggle; Hestia Jones; Emmeline Vance; Sturgis Podmore; Mundungus Fletcher; and the Weasley family. Emmeline Vance was killed by Death Eaters during the Second Wizarding War.  Other possible Dumbledore's friends who were killed or seriously injured during the First Wizarding War were Edgar Bones, Caradoc Dearborn, Benjy Fenwick, Marlene McKinnon, Dorcas Meadowes, and Fabian and Gideon Prewett, and Alice and Frank Longbottom, who were tortured into insanity by Bellatrix Lestrange and Barty Crouch Jnr  Dumbledore was also friend of many allies of the Order, including Olympe Maxime, the headmistress of Beauxbatons Academy of Magic, whom he met during the Triwizard Tournament, his co-workers Filius Flitwick, Pomona Sprout and Horace Slughorn, Augusta Longbottom, Ted and Andromeda Tonks. Other allies of the Order were Dumbledore's students, Ginny Weasley, Neville Longbottom, Luna Lovegood, Lee Jordan, and Percy Weasley. He also liked the house-elf Dobby, and pitied the house-elf Kreacher, asking them to work at Hogwarts kitchens.  It is possible that all the members and allies of the Order who were neither killed nor imprisoned, fought in the Battle of Hogwarts (except Arabella Figg, who was a Squib, and couldn't fight. However, she might have helped in another way.) 
Dumbledore in-between Professors McGonagall and Sinistra Except the already mentioned Minerva McGonagall, Rubeus Hagrid, Severus Snape, Remus Lupin, and Alastor Moody, Dumbledore had many co-workers during his career at Hogwarts. Some of his earliest co-workers were: Armando Dippet, the previous Headmaster, Dumbledore being notably among the very few Dippet trusted apparently due to his teaching efficiency; Herbert Beery, the Herbology Professor, who later resigned his teaching post at Hogwarts to go teaching at the Wizarding Academy of Dramatic Arts, who Dumbledore was apparently on good terms with as despite Herbert being such an enthusiast, he trusted Dumbledore enough to confide in him the personal fact that his first act made all his other performances ruined; Galatea Merrythought, the Defence Against the Dark Arts Professor, who retired before Dippet's death; Silvanus Kettleburn, the Care of Magical Creatures Professor; and Horace Slughorn, the Potions master, who was hired twice, and gave Harry Potter his memory, helping him and Dumbledore find and destroy Voldemort's Horcruxes.  After Dippet's death, he became the new Hogwarts headmaster. He also had a friendship with Filius Flitwick, the Charms Professor and Head of Ravenclaw House, Pomona Sprout, the Herbology Professor and Head of Hufflepuff House, and Poppy Pomfrey, the nurse.  Every Hogwarts staff member, with the exception of Dolores Umbridge, both respected and held a high opinion of Dumbledore. Other staff were Argus Filch, the caretaker; Wilhelmina Grubbly-Plank, the Care of Magical Creatures Substitute Professor; Firenze, a centaur and the Divination Professor; Rolanda Hooch, the Flying Instructor; Aurora Sinistra, the Astronomy Professor; Bathsheda Babbling, the Study of Ancient Runes Professor; Septima Vector, the Arithmancy Professor; Irma Pince, the librarian; Cuthbert Binns, a ghost and the History of Magic Professor; Charity Burbage the Muggle Studies Professor.   Dumbledore also knew Gilderoy Lockhart, the Defence Against the Dark Arts Professor (1992-1993), when he was still a student. It's unknown how Dumbledore viewed him, but he apparently found Lockhart's antics to be amusing instead of irritating unlike many of the other professors, as he kindly denied Lockhart's proposal of starting a school newspaper rather than punishing him as many, if not all, of the other staff members have been known to do out of dislike of Lockhart's vanity seeking. Due to his optimistic personality and tendency to see the good in people in order to try to give them another chance, it can be assumed that he may have once thought that Lockhart can overcome his love for vanity and become a great wizard due to his talents. However, when Lockhart erased the memories of two wizards that Dumbledore knew, Dumbledore, having never been fooled by Lockhart's tall tales, easily found out the truth and immediately decided to appoint him as a Hogwarts professor to expose Lockhart's fraudulence, and because Lockhart at the time was the only person willing to apply for the cursed Defence against the Dark Arts post. While he apparently disliked Lockhart's deeds, he nevertheless did not seem to truly hate Lockhart, as he was cordial and polite to him whenever they interacted and after the Memory
Charm completely wiped out Lockhart's memories, Dumbledore was compassionate enough that he decided to leave Lockhart in peace and did not expose his crimes, likely as he pitied Lockhart and saw that having completely lost all of his popularity and with the remnants of his magical brilliance now lost to him and his cunning now harmless, to condemn him to being eternally despised by the wizarding community would be unnecessarily cruel, not to say that if he did reveal what Lockhart had did, he would likely be either sentenced to Azkaban or heavily secured in St Mungo, both fates that he seemingly deemed too cruel of a punishment for what Lockhart did.  Another Professor was Sybill Trelawney, who taught Divination. Dumbledore planned on discontinuing Divination but went to her job interview out of politeness, by the end of the interview however, he has summed her up as a fraud. When he heard her conceiving Sybill Trelawney's first prophecy, he hired Trelawney to protect her from the Death Eaters. In 1995, when Dolores Umbridge sacked Trelawney and tried to banish her from Hogwarts, it was Dumbledore who stepped in and told Umbridge he wished that Trelawney would remain at Hogwarts.  Quirinus Quirrell was the Muggle Studies Professor, before he started to teach Defence Against the Dark Arts. It was unknown of Dumbledore's feelings towards him at the time, but he likely saw Quirrell as being a gifted wizard from his academical performances during his time as a student, considering that he had been the Headmaster by the time Quirrell came to Hogwarts and appointed him in first Muggle Studies before having him teach Defence Against the Dark Arts. It was unknown how he felt about Quirrell's frailty or if he knew of Quirrell's bitterness over his bullying, making him desire to be noticed, but it was likely that although he was concerned about it, ever the optimist, he had hoped that Quirrell could overcome this with time. However, when Quirrell met Voldemort when he travelled around the world, and shared his body with him and since then, he served him faithfully, trying to steal the Philosopher's Stone and kill Harry Potter, Dumbledore quickly saw through Quirrell and after he was killed by Harry Potter in 1992, being burned by Harry's touching, Dumbledore openly noted that Quirrell's fate was well-deserved, noting on how Quirrell's hunger for power, hatred and ambitions made him allow Voldemort to possess him and incapable of understanding love, fell victim to it, showing his disgust at his former professor.  In 1995, Dolores Umbridge was appointed the Defence Against the Dark Arts Professor by the Ministry of Magic. She was a sadistic woman who enjoyed punishing students and appointed solely to undermine, subvert and eventually usurp Dumbledore's position and authority as Headmaster in accordance with the desired political status quo. Though Dumbledore was perfectly aware of this, he nevertheless treated Umbridge with his usual unfailing politeness even in the face of outright rudeness and disrespect (such as when she interrupted his customary Start-of-Term announcement to make her own
speech) and even took it upon himself to rescue her from the horde of centaurs she'd stupidly insulted and provoked. The only time he showed outright anger with her was when she roughly manhandled Marietta Edgecombe right in front of him, prompting him to draw his wand on and threaten her if she did it again.  Every member of the Hogwarts staff was devastated by Dumbledore's death, and it is more than likely that every member fought in the Battle of Hogwarts.  Some members of Dumbledore's Army Dumbledore's Army was an organisation formed and led by Harry Potter, in order to protect the students of Hogwarts from Lord Voldemort. Though Dumbledore was aware of the organisation's formation from the start, he was not aware of its name and seemed quite overwhelmed when he first discovered it, apparently very touched by the open show of devotion and trust in him. He also lied directly to the Ministry by claiming credit for the organisation's creation as an attempt to subvert the Ministry and taking full blame for its illicit activities, which spared all of its members from expulsion and allowed them to remain at Hogwarts.  Its members were Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, Hermione Granger, Ginny Weasley, Neville Longbottom, Luna Lovegood, Fred and George Weasley, Cho Chang, Dean Thomas, Seamus Finnigan, Parvati and Padma Patil, Lavender Brown, Hannah Abbott, Ernie Macmillan, Susan Bones, Justin Finch-Fletchley, Michael Corner, Terry Boot, Anthony Goldstein, Katie Bell, Alicia Spinnet, Angelina Johnson, Colin and Dennis Creevey, Zacharias Smith and Marietta Edgecombe.  All of the members of Dumbledore's Army were devastated by Dumbledore's death, and it is possible that all of them fought in the Battle of Hogwarts. Three of the members were killed: Fred Weasley, Lavender Brown and Colin Creevey. The two defectors, Marietta Edgecombe and Zacharias Smith, are the ones who did not believe in Dumbledore from the beginning and did not participate in the final battle.  During his life, Dumbledore became friend of many famous wizards and witches, such as Nicolas Flamel and his wife, Perenelle, Bathilda Bagshot and Griselda Marchbanks. Nicolas Flamel and Perenelle were over 650 years of age, when they agreed to destroy the Philosopher's Stone to thwart Lord Voldemort's return. Bathilda Bagshot died a few months after Dumbledore, being killed by Voldemort.  Bellatrix Lestrange, his former student Bellatrix Lestrange was a Death Eater who fought in both Wizarding Wars. She was fanatically loyal to Lord Voldemort who was her only true love and so, although reluctantly acknowledging Dumbledore as a very powerful wizard, considered her master as the superior wizard, though she did fear Dumbledore and opted to flee rather than fight him. Bellatrix was among the few people who knew of the plan to assassinate Dumbledore, and that Draco Malfoy had been assigned the task of murdering him. Bellatrix did not live to discover that her initial suspicions of Snape's loyalty had been correct, dying during a ferocious duel with Molly Weasley. Dumbledore recognised Bellatrix as an incredibly dangerous and sadistic Death Eater, commenting to Severus Snape
that, given the choice, he would prefer to die a quick and clean death rather than fall prey to Bellatrix who tended to "play with her food". Bellatrix also killed many of Dumbledore's friends, such as Sirius Black, Dobby the house-elf, and Nymphadora Tonks.  Lucius Malfoy, his former student Lucius Malfoy was a prefect during Dumbledore's early years as Hogwarts Headmaster, and was among the Death Eaters who avoided Azkaban after First Wizarding War. In 1991, Lucius's son, Draco, started attending Hogwarts. The Malfoys had a strong dislike of Dumbledore due to his love and acceptance of Muggle-borns and belief in Muggle rights. In 1992, Lucius manipulated Ginny Weasley into reopening the Chamber of Secrets by giving her Tom Riddle's Diary in order to stigmatise her father Arthur and kick Dumbledore out of Hogwarts. This failed because Dumbledore was able to guess the truth, when Harry Potter saved Ginny from the Basilisk. Dumbledore thus let Harry decide Lucius's punishment, which was giving the Malfoy house-elf Dobby his freedom as a reward and let Lucius himself get stripped from his position on the Hogwarts Board of Governors. In 1996, Dumbledore and Lucius fought in the Battle of the Department of Mysteries. Lucius was stunned and imprisoned in Azkaban, failing to give Voldemort the Prophecy about the Chosen One, so Voldemort became angry and made Draco a Death Eater and ordered him to kill Dumbledore, otherwise he would kill his family. During a discussion about Horcruxes, Dumbledore expressed to Harry a certain sympathy to Lucius, as he believed that Lucius was secretly glad to be imprisoned for accidentally getting rid of his master's Horcrux diary and the debacle of the prophecy retrieval. Draco attempted to kill Dumbledore, on Voldemort's orders, telling him that the Dark Lord would kill him, if he didn't do so. Dumbledore showed kindness and sympathy to Draco's plight, sensing he wasn't capable of murder and suggested him to abandon Voldemort, and that he and his mother would be hidden by the Order of the Phoenix. Draco would most likely have accepted but was interrupted by Death Eaters. A year later, the Malfoy family changed sides.  Peter Pettigrew, his former student Peter Pettigrew was a member of the Order of the Phoenix and another close friend of James Potter. It is possible that he was a friend of Dumbledore. However, in 1981, Pettigrew betrayed James and Lily to Voldemort in his role as their family Secret-Keeper and faked his own death by cutting off his finger in a crowded London street which he blew up with the Blasting Curse in order to frame Sirius Black. Like the rest of the wizarding world, Dumbledore initially believed that it was Sirius who was behind the Potters' betrayal, and that Pettigrew died confronting him about their deaths. He learned the truth in 1994, when Harry Potter saved Pettigrew's life from Sirius's and Remus Lupin's attempt to extinguish it for his crime. After Harry saved Sirius from the Dementors, Dumbledore congratulated him by saying that as long as Pettigrew was a Death Eater
in a life-debt with the last Potter, he would requite. Dumbledore's observation was proven true: Pettigrew attempted to strangle Harry during the Skirmish at Malfoy Manor, but he hesitated when Harry reminded him of the debt, causing the silver hand that was given to him by Voldemort to strangle and kill him.  Igor Karkaroff Igor Karkaroff was a Death Eater in the First Wizarding War. Dumbledore participated in his trial and saw him betraying many Death Eaters to avoid imprisonment in Azkaban. After his release, he abandoned Voldemort and became the Headmaster of Durmstrang Institute. He met Dumbledore in 1994, when he visited Hogwarts during the Triwizard Tournament. At first, the two headmasters greeted each other as old friends, seemingly showing no animosity. However, Karkaroff would later denounce Dumbledore as a fraud who put Harry Potter's name in the Goblet of Fire and was even more angry to learn about Barty Crouch Snr's attack on Durmstrang champion Viktor Krum, suggesting that the British Ministry of Magic was tainted with corruption. He left Hogwarts after Voldemort's rebirth, and was killed by Death Eaters in either 1995 or 1996. Despite public appearances, Dumbledore thought Karkaroff was a coward.  Barty Crouch Jnr, his former student Another very loyal Death Eater was Barty Crouch Jnr, who was imprisoned in Azkaban by his father, but escaped with the help of his mother. Crouch played a key-role in Voldemort's rebirth, after he captured and imprisoned Alastor Moody, and took his form, to teach at Hogwarts, while Dumbledore thought he was dead. Crouch put Harry's name in the Goblet of Fire and helped him with the tasks of the Triwizard Tournament, sending him to Voldemort. When Harry escaped, Crouch attempted to kill him, but was stopped by Dumbledore. Barty Crouch was given the Dementor's Kiss in 1995. Dumbledore showed cold fury and disgust at Crouch Jnr's actions but was still disappointed and revolted when Cornelius Fudge sentenced him to Dementor's Kiss as it both meant that Voldemort's return could no longer be testified and that the Crouch family blood line had permanently ended. This showed that despite his disgust of Crouch Jnr's actions, he still had some pity for what Crouch Jnr had become.  Fenrir Greyback Fenrir Greyback was a savage werewolf who seemed to have had dealings with Dumbledore in the past, as Dumbledore was shocked that he, of all people, had come to Hogwarts the night that the Death Eaters entered the Astronomy Tower. He was also disgusted that Greyback had started to attack outside the full moon and enjoyed the taste of human flesh. Greyback offered to 'do Dumbledore for afters', indicating that he would, possibly, maul him to death after attacking children within the castle. In fact, Dumbledore seemed somewhat disappointed when he incorrectly believed that Draco would invite Greyback into the castle.  It is likely that Dumbledore knew and fought other Death Eaters during the Wars and attended their trials if caught. It is certain that the Death Eaters both hated and yet feared Dumbledore.  Dumbledore's given names could
be interpreted as representing the four primary divisions of the British Isles:  Richard Harris as Albus Dumbledore Michael Gambon as Albus Dumbledore Dumbledore as he appears in Harry Potter: Wizards Unite Albus Dumbledore as he appears in Harry Potter: Wizards Unite Albus Dumbledore in LEGO Harry Potter: Years 1-4 Albus Dumbledore in the console versions of the Philosopher's Stone video game Dumbledore as a LEGO minifigure (Richard Harris) Dumbledore as a LEGO minifigure (Michael Gambon) Dumbledore (with Fawkes) as a LEGO mini-figure (2020 edition) Albus Dumbledore as a POP! Vinyl (1st edition) Albus Dumbledore as a POP! Vinyl (2nd edition) Albus Dumbledore as a POP! Vinyl (3rd edition) Albus Dumbledore as seen in Harry Potter: Puzzles & Spells


At least some content in this article is derived from information featured in: Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery & Harry Potter: Magic Awakened.As such, spoilers will be present within the article.          Cedric Diggory   Biographical information  Born Between 1 September and 30 October 1977[1]   Died 24 June 1995[2] (aged 17)  Little Hangleton graveyard, England, Great Britain   Blood status Pure-blood or half-blood[3]   Nationality British or Irish[4]   Also known as Ced (by Amos Diggory)[5]   Title(s) Quidditch Captain[6]Seeker[2]Prefect[7]Triwizard Champion[2]     Signature     Physical information  Species Human[6]   Gender Male[6]   Hair colour Dark[8]   Eye colour Grey[8][9]    Relationship information  Family members Amos Diggory[5] (father)Mrs Diggory[2] (mother)Eldritch Diggory (possible relative)Diggory family   Romances Cho Chang    Magical characteristics  Boggart Lord Voldemort[10]   Wand 12¼", Ash, Unicorn hair[2]    Affiliation  House Hufflepuff[6]   Loyalty Diggory familyHogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry[2]HufflepuffHufflepuff Quidditch team[6]Hippogriff Club[11]Circle of Khanna[12]Death Eaters (alternate timeline)   [Source]   Cedric Diggory (September/October 1977 – 24 June 1995) was a British wizard who was the son of Amos Diggory and his unnamed wife. He started attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in 1989, and was sorted into the Hufflepuff House. During his time at school, he was a prefect and captained the Hufflepuff Quidditch team, playing as Seeker. In his sixth year Cedric put his name forward to compete in the Triwizard Tournament.  He was selected as the Hogwarts Triwizard Champion and, although overshadowed in the press by the entry of Harry Potter, Cedric enjoyed almost overwhelming support from the student body, and after the first two tasks, tied with Harry for first place. Cedric and Harry completed the Third Task together. Both took hold of the Triwizard Cup, which transported them to the Little Hangleton graveyard, where Cedric was murdered by Peter Pettigrew with the Killing Curse, on the orders of Lord Voldemort.  During the following duel between Harry and Voldemort, Cedric's echo reappeared during Priori Incantatem, and helped the echoes of Harry's parents, Bertha Jorkins, and Frank Bryce hold off Voldemort long enough for him to escape. His only request was for Harry to take his body back to his parents, which Harry honoured.  In 2020, Diggory's participation in the Triwizard Tournament and subsequent death was the subject of Albus Potter and Scorpius Malfoy's time-travel antics at the request of Amos. They sought to save Cedric and created an alternate timeline where Cedric survived and became part of the Death Eaters, because of the humiliation they caused him when they tried to save his life. Cedric's original and heroic life and death was later restored.  Cedric was born in either September or October of 1977, to Amos Diggory and his wife. He grew up near Ottery St Catchpole,[2] a small town located in Devon, England. When he was seven years old, his father
enjoyed bragging about him to the family friends, as well as anyone who would listen.[13]  Prior to beginning his education, Cedric visited Ollivanders in Diagon Alley to purchase his wand; the specimen he selected was made of ash with a unicorn hair core, twelve and a quarter inches in length and described as "pleasantly springy" in terms of characteristics.[2]  Cedric Diggory in his early school years Cedric started attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry on 1 September 1989 and was Sorted into Hufflepuff House. Soon after starting Hogwarts, Cedric became a popular student at the school, and people talked about him constantly.[14]  Cedric was known as a fair and kind Hufflepuff, and had started his first year by stopping a Gryffindor from teasing a Ravenclaw; he was popular from the start of his years in the school, as most of Jacob's sibling's friends preferred to spend their time with him rather than helping Jacob's sibling search for Jacob.[14]  Cedric and Penny Haywood witnessing a petrified Madam Pomfrey He was present when Madam Pomfrey was petrified, and later recounted the event to Albus Dumbledore, Severus Snape, Jacob's sibling, and Penny Haywood.[15]  After the Circle of Khanna was founded, Cedric's friend Ben Copper, one of the founders of the group, invited him to join. Cedric spent much of his time in the group training duelling with Ben and Diego Caplan.[12] One time during training, his arm was broken as a result of Ben casting a spell Cedric was not expecting, and he had to be sent to the Hospital Wing. He was soon healed by Chiara Lobosca.[16]  He distinguished himself as both an academic and athletic student. At some point, he became Seeker of his house's Quidditch team.[6]  Cedric playing as Seeker for the Hufflepuff Quidditch team In 1993, Cedric became a Prefect and Captain of the Hufflepuff Quidditch team. On 7 November, he led his team against Gryffindor in the first match of the school year.[17] Originally, the match should have taken place between Gryffindor and Slytherin, but Draco Malfoy played on the fact that his arm had been injured by the hippogriff Buckbeak to get out of playing in stormy conditions.   During the match, Cedric and Harry Potter contested the Golden Snitch. However, Harry was overcome by the presence of Dementors and fell from his broom. Cedric caught the Snitch, but as soon as he realised what had happened to Harry, he immediately offered to replay the match. Oliver Wood was said to have declined the offer, feeling that Cedric had won the match fair and square.[6]  When Harry got back his Firebolt broomstick, Cedric was among those who congratulated Harry on his ownership of the broomstick.[6]  In the summer of 1994, Cedric attended the Quidditch World Cup with his father, travelling to the game with the Weasleys, Harry Potter, and Hermione Granger as he and his father lived close to the Burrow.[2]  Cedric enters the Triwizard Tournament Cedric started his sixth year in September 1994, the same year
that the Triwizard Tournament was reinstated. Being of age, Cedric submitted his name to the Goblet of Fire for the chance to become the Hogwarts Champion. On 31 October, the Goblet chose the champions to represent the three schools; Fleur Delacour for Beauxbatons, Viktor Krum for Durmstrang, and Cedric himself for Hogwarts.  Cedric is selected as a champion by the Goblet of Fire Cedric joined the other champions in a small room off the Great Hall, and was surprised to learn that after he had left the Hall, the Goblet had produced a fourth name — Harry Potter. Harry claimed that he did not cheat and put his name in, and while no-one thought he was telling the truth, Cedric was kind to Harry. Cedric later asked Harry how he managed to cheat, and Harry again told him that he never cheated. Though Harry felt Cedric did not believe him, he remained kind and appeared to be okay with what Harry was telling him.[2]  The champions shortly after they had been chosen to enter the Triwizard Tournament In the weeks that followed his selection, Cedric was supported by the majority of the school, even the Slytherins. Enchanted badges became popular around the school that read Support CEDRIC DIGGORY — the REAL Hogwarts Champion!, then changed to read POTTER STINKS. Cedric, however, was not fond of the badges and asked his friends not to wear them.   As part of the Tournament, Cedric took part in the Wand weighing ceremony conducted by Garrick Ollivander, who deemed his wand 'pleasantly springy', and posed for photos for the Daily Prophet. However, his entry into the Tournament was completely overlooked by Rita Skeeter's article on the event in favour of Harry, a situation about which his father was most displeased.[2]  In the months before to the First Task, Cedric was informed by Harry that the first task was to get past a dragon. Cedric was the only Champion not to be aware of them, and Harry felt it was only fair to tell him so everyone would be on an even footing.[2]  Dragons, the first task of the tournament On 24 November, the Champions gathered and randomly selected miniature versions of a dragon with a number on them to indicate the order in which they would face them. Cedric drew the Swedish Short-Snout and the number one slot, so entered the arena first to attempt to retrieve the golden egg it was guarding.   Facing the dragon, Cedric transfigured a rock into a Labrador to distract the creature. While the dragon turned to chase the dog, Cedric went for the Golden egg. Although he retrieved it, the dragon lost interest in the dog, preferring to go after Cedric. The dragon burned Cedric on the side of his face, and he barely managed to get away from it. He was tended to by Madam Pomfrey, who applied an orange paste to his face to heal the wound.[2]  Cedric attends the Yule Ball with Cho Chang Like all the Champions, Cedric
had to work out the clue hidden in the golden egg to prepare for the Second Task. He was aided by Barty Crouch Jnr, disguised as the new Defence Against the Dark Arts professor Alastor 'Mad-Eye' Moody, who told him to take it into the bath and listen to it underwater. He took it into the prefects' bathroom on the fifth floor, and opened the egg underwater. He heard the clue, but it took him a while to figure out that it referred to the merpeople in the lake.[2]  At Christmas, Cedric was required to attend the Yule Ball, a traditional part of the Triwizard Tournament. He asked Cho Chang (whom he either was already dating or subsequently began to) to attend the ball with him, and she accepted. Towards the end of the ball, Cedric found Harry and told him to take the egg into the bath and 'mull things over in the hot water' as he had done. As repayment for warning him about the dragons, he gave Harry access to the Prefect's Bathroom to work out the clue.[2]  The Four Champions On 24 February, the Second Task took place. Having deciphered the clue in the golden egg, Cedric knew he had to breathe underwater for at least an hour and retrieve something that had been stolen from him. He effectively employed the Bubble-Head Charm, and reached the merpeople village shortly after Harry. He found that his something that he would 'sorely miss' was Cho, and rescued her. He warned Harry — who was worried about the other 'hostages' — to hurry up, then swam to the surface. He arrived one minute outside the hour time limit, and received forty-seven points. After two tasks, he was tied for first place with Harry.[2]  Prior to the Third Task, Cedric, along with the other Champions, joined Ludo Bagman to view the maze that was being grown on the Hogwarts Quidditch pitch. Along with Harry, Cedric was dismayed to see the Quidditch pitch overgrown, but was assured by Bagman that the pitch would be returned to normal following the conclusion of the Tournament.[2]  The third task, the hedge maze On 24 June, Cedric was joined by his parents, who had been invited to watch the Third Task. During the meeting, his father confronted Harry over the coverage he had been receiving in the press at the expense of his son. Cedric tried to calm him down and explain that it was not Harry's fault, then apologised to Harry.[2]  Cedric after just entering the hedge maze Because they were tied for first place, Cedric entered the maze with Harry. They split up, each hoping to be the first to get to the Triwizard Cup placed in the centre of the maze. Soon after, Cedric encountered one of Rubeus Hagrid's now gigantic Blast-Ended Skrewts, and narrowly escaped being burned by it. After the Skrewt, Cedric came across Viktor Krum. Krum — who was under the Imperius Curse at the time — attacked Cedric with the Cruciatus Curse. He was saved
by Harry, who stunned Krum, and reluctantly shot red sparks into the air to mark Krum's position, so that the Durmstrang champion could be retrieved from the maze. Despite being briefly united, he and Harry split apart again to seek the cup.[2]  Cedric and Harry inside the maze after the latter rescued him Cedric spotted the cup, and sprinted towards it as fast as he could. From his left, an Acromantula burst onto the path and attacked him. His wand was knocked out of his hand, but the timely arrival of Harry distracted it enough for Cedric to recover his own wand. Although the giant spider was too powerful to be brought down by a single spell, Harry and Cedric both stunned it at the same time. Recovering, the two of them found themselves next to the Triwizard Cup.  Having been saved by Harry twice in the maze, Cedric urged him to take the Cup. The two argued about who should take it and win the Tournament, each pointing out that they had been helped by the other. Eventually, Harry suggested that they both take it for a Hogwarts victory. Pleased, Cedric helped the injured Harry towards the Cup, and they both took hold of it. Their touch activated the Cup, which had been turned into a Portkey, and the two of them were transported away.[2]  Cedric's murder at the hands of Peter Pettigrew and Lord Voldemort The Portkey deposited both Cedric and Harry in an unknown graveyard. Confused, Cedric recommended proceeding with wands out until they knew what was going on. Soon after their arrival, Peter Pettigrew emerged from the darkness carrying the small form of Lord Voldemort. At this point Harry's scar hurt with intense pain, upon him being in close proximity to Voldemort. Voldemort ordered Pettigrew to 'Kill the spare', and he used Voldemort's own wand to murder Cedric with the Killing Curse. Harry heard Cedric's body hit the ground.[2]  Although dead, Cedric still had a role to play in the night's events. After Voldemort was reborn, he and Harry engaged in a duel, during which their wands — which shared a wand core from the same phoenix — connected, creating the effect known as Priori Incantatem, the backward spell effect. Voldemort's wand began regurgitating the last spells it had cast in reverse.  Cedric's echo asks Harry to take his body back to his parents Cedric's shadow emerged from Voldemort's wand, along with the shadows of Frank Bryce, Bertha Jorkins, and James and Lily Potter. Cedric's 'echo' asked Harry to take his body back to his parents while he helped the others. Harry agreed, and when he broke the wand connection, the shadows advanced on Voldemort, shielding Harry. Harry used the opportunity to take hold of Cedric's body, then summon the Cup to himself and transport them both back to Hogwarts.[2]  Harry weeping over Cedric's dead body after transporting them back to Hogwarts Cedric's body was returned to the grounds, and Harry clung to it, refusing to let it go until Albus Dumbledore
pulled him away. The crowd that had gathered for the Third Task erupted into screams when they realised what had happened.  Cedric's parents were grief-stricken by the fate that had befallen their son (although his mother attempted to console herself by reflecting that Cedric had not suffered in death, and that he had died after winning the Tournament, believing that the victory would have made him happy).[2]  Great Hall mourning Cedric's death Cedric's death was widely felt throughout the school, and on 26 June the Leaving Feast was turned into a memorial for him, with black banners replacing the house colours. Dumbledore delivered a tribute to Cedric, and relayed the events that had led to his death to the student body, telling them, against the explicit wishes of the Ministry of Magic, that the young Hufflepuff had been murdered by Lord Voldemort himself.[2]  The Minister of Magic Cornelius Fudge refused to accept Harry Potter's claims that Lord Voldemort had returned, and tried to hush up Cedric's death, claiming that it was a freak accident during the Tournament that killed him. He also slandered Harry Potter as a liar and questioned Albus Dumbledore's sanity.[18]  In death, Cedric proved to be an inspiration to many students at Hogwarts. His death was heartfelt and was tragic enough to cause even those who disliked Harry to believe his claims of Voldemort's return. During the school year after Cedric's death, Hogwarts was under the watchful eyes of the British Ministry of Magic with Dolores Umbridge, a high-ranking Ministry official being employed as Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher. She constantly told students that Harry lied about Cedric's death and refused to teach any practical magic.[18]  Cedric's photo, along with the original Order of the Phoenix's, was stuck on the D.A.'s mirror as something to look at for inspiration This started a rebellion amongst the students, and they formed Dumbledore's Army, an alliance against Umbridge that taught students how to prepare themselves for the day that Lord Voldemort announced his return. During the D.A's meetings, Cedric was a key point of interest, with students wanting accounts of how he died, and his former girlfriend, Cho, seeking comfort from Harry, by asking whether Cedric would have survived if he had known what they were being taught.   Harry in turn, assured her that Cedric had known what he (Harry) was teaching the other students, but Cedric was simply unable to match Voldemort's experience and evil, and that Harry himself had made it back through good luck, rather than greater talent.[19] Later on that year, only when incontrovertible proof of the Dark Lord's return was presented, did Fudge believe Voldemort had indeed returned and that Cedric was actually murdered.[18]  Cedric was thereafter remembered as someone who had not strayed across the dark path and whom had stood up to Voldemort. Harry continued to honour him by keeping a badge that read "Support Cedric Diggory".[20]  By 2020, Cedric's father, Amos, was still greatly grieving for his son's death. When he found out that
Harry Potter had retrieved a Time-Turner, he begged Harry to use it to save Cedric. Harry stated that it was dangerous to meddle with time, but his own son, Albus Potter, secretly agreed to it along with his friend, Scorpius Malfoy. Although they managed to create alternate realities (including one where Cedric lived), it changed time too much and they had to restore the original timeline.   Indeed, the one timeline where Albus and Scorpius succeeded their goal of saving Cedric actually humiliated him in public, causing him to join the Death Eaters in bitter hatred for society; he ended up killing Neville Longbottom, thus preventing Nagini's death, which in turn prevented Voldemort from being killed, and Harry was killed in turn, thus leading to an age of darkness where Voldemort ruled. Albus and Scorpius prevented an attempt at changing time a third time by Delphi during the third task with the help of Cedric himself who rescued the two from the Dark witch, thinking that it was part of the task.  In 2021, Harry visited Cedric Diggory's grave, which was placed on a beautiful hill. He shared this experience with his son, Albus Potter, explaining that he came to say sorry for a life that was stolen and that he visits every year on the anniversary of Cedric's death. He tells Albus that Cedric was a great wizard and that he did not deserve his fate.[21]  Cedric in his sixth year Cedric was a tall and extremely handsome young man with chiselled features, dark hair, and bright grey eyes. Although he was a Seeker (a position usually taken by small and light players), he was well-built and burly.[6]  Because of his handsomeness, Cedric caught attention from numerous girls - Angelina Johnson commented that he was 'tall and good-looking', while Katie Bell agreed that he was 'strong and silent'. Even Pansy Parkinson, who usually had something negative to say about everyone's appearance, acknowledged his good looks. The fact that Fleur Delacour tried to use her Veela allure on him to charm him into becoming her date for the Yule Ball was further proof of how attractive he was.  Cedric laughing at Draco Malfoy's expense Cedric was said to be an embodiment of the qualities of Hufflepuff House. He had a sense of fair play: during the 1993 Gryffindor/Hufflepuff match, despite his capture of the Golden Snitch (which ensured his team's victory), Cedric immediately offered to replay the match once he found out that his opponent, Harry Potter, had fallen from his broom due to the influence of the Dementors.[6]  Later on, he provided Harry with information as to how to decipher the golden egg clue for the Second Task. After Harry saved him in the maze, Cedric realised that Harry was the one who truly deserved to take the Triwizard Cup, and had no qualms with openly acknowledging it, which actually resulted in an argument of sorts between them. This sense of fair play and his ability to accept there were those who were better than
him is a definite testament to his nobility and his grace.  He also appeared to possess a strength of character that was not unlike Harry's. This came into play when Fleur's turning the force of her Veela charm on him while asking him to be her date for the Yule Ball. He refused, for he already had a date. Hence, it could be said that Cedric was a man of his word with remarkable inner strength, especially given how he was able to successfully resist the allure of Veela charm (which could be overwhelming) and keep his previously made promise.  Besides all this, Cedric was genuinely modest, telling his father that his victory in the Gryffindor/Hufflepuff Quidditch match had not been a truly fair one. All the female Gryffindor Chasers described him as being 'strong and silent', suggesting that he was sensible enough to speak only when it was absolutely necessary. He was also courteously polite to foreigners: though he supported Ireland during the 1994 Quidditch World Cup final, he was still civil to Viktor Krum (who was from Bulgaria). The fact that his spirit's last request to Harry had only been to take his body back to his parents also proved that he loved his parents dearly.  While this side of him was never seen in the original timeline, he appeared to have a sense of honour and importance for his title at the school. This was proven by the fact that in one of the alternate timelines, in which he was humiliated during the Triwizard Tournament, this feeling of embarrassment eventually led him to join the Death Eaters. This means that if his pride or status had ever been shot down enough, this feeling of anger would have turned him over to the Death Eaters. Furthermore, this descent into darkness led him to become ruthless, as he murdered Neville Longbottom in his services of Lord Voldemort.  Given Cedric's relatively smooth and successful participation in the Triwizard Tournament, he was a skilful and competent wizard in his own right.[2] He was also an accomplished Quidditch player.[6]  Cedric rescuing Cho Chang in the Great Lake using a Bubble-Head Charm Cedric's wand Amos Diggory, his father Amos Diggory was immensely proud of his son and his achievements, especially when he beat Harry Potter during a Quidditch match in 1993, dismissing Cedric's insistence that Harry had fallen off his broom because of Dementors just before Cedric caught the Snitch. During the Triwizard Tournament, Amos was outraged that the Daily Prophet completely overlooked the fact that Cedric was also a Hogwarts champion in favour of Harry Potter, and made no mention of him at all. Despite his son trying to point out that it wasn't Harry's fault, Amos countered by remarking that Harry hadn't done anything to correct them.[2]  After Cedric's death, Amos was overcome with grief. Along with his wife, he visited Harry in the hospital wing, and thanked him for bringing his son's body back, and assured Harry that he wasn't to blame for his son's death.[2]
 Cho Chang, his Yule Ball date and girlfriend Cho Chang began dating Cedric as late as when he asked her to be his partner for the Yule Ball, and they, along with the other Champions and partners, opened the dancing at the Ball. During the Second Task, Cho was the 'something' that Cedric would "sorely miss", and was placed into a bewitched sleep. Taken beneath the waves of the lake to the Merpeople's village, Cedric rescued her. During the awarding of points for the Task, she gave him a glowing look. Cedric and Cho also went on a date at Madam Puddifoot's Tea Shop during the year.[2]  Cedric's death hit her hard, and she cried a lot over him.[2] In the following year, she grew closer to Harry, and was confused by her feelings for him, and felt guilty over them. However, their relationship was not to last, as she soon began using their relationship to talk about Cedric and try to get some closure over his death, which ultimately failed as Harry disliked talking about it, and refused to, leading Cho to cry.[18]  Harry Potter, his friend and fellow champion Cedric and Harry had a relationship of mutual respect and friendliness, though they were not too close. In 1993, when Gryffindor and Hufflepuff played against each other in Quidditch, Cedric offered to replay the match after Harry was incapacitated by Dementors, though the Gryffindors refused, believing that Cedric caught the Golden Snitch fair and square.[6] The following year, when Harry was selected as Hogwarts' champion along with Cedric, Harry felt Cedric was sceptical of Harry's claims that he was not to blame, but he still disapproved of students wearing Support Cedric Diggory/Potter Stinks badges and discouraged it.  They assisted each other multiple times during the Tournament out of good sportsmanship, agreeing in the end that they were equally winners. Both of them touching the Triwizard Cup led to Cedric's murder, an event which haunted Harry for years. During Harry's duel with Voldemort, his spirit appeared to assist Harry when the two wands connected. He asked Harry to bring his body back to his parents. When the connection was broken, he and the other spirits that appeared distracted Voldemort to buy Harry enough time to escape to safety with his body.  Harry risked his own life to fulfil Cedric's request and retrieve his remains. He nearly died as the Portkey was too far away to reach, forcing him to use a Summoning Charm. Harry would later use the death of Cedric (along with the deaths of his mother and father) as added motivation when fighting Lord Voldemort.[2] Cedric's death allowed Harry to see thestrals at the beginning of his fifth year. Harry avenged Cedric when he killed Voldemort at the end of the Battle of Hogwarts.  Pomona Sprout, his Head of House and Professor Because Cedric Diggory was a Hufflepuff student, Pomona Sprout respected him. When Harry Potter became the second Hogwarts champion in 1994, he felt that she had become distant with him as she
was partial to Cedric because he was in Hufflepuff.[2] When Cedric Diggory was killed, she spoke to his parents, as she knew him very well.[2]  Cedric as he appears on Pottermore Cedric as he appears on Pottermore Cedric Diggory as a LEGO mini-figure Cedric Diggory as a LEGO mini-figure


At least some content in this article is derived from information featured in: Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery & Harry Potter: Puzzles & Spells & Harry Potter: Magic Awakened.As such, spoilers will be present within the article.          Harry James Potter   Biographical information  Born 31 July 1980[1]Godric's Hollow, West Country, England, Great Britain   Blood status Half-blood[2]   Marital status Married[3][4]   Nationality English   Also known as The Boy Who Lived[5][6][7][8]Gregory Goyle (under disguise of Polyjuice Potion)[9]Neville Longbottom[10] (the name he told Stanley Shunpike in his third year)Potty[11][12][13][14][15][16] (by Peeves and Slytherins)The Boy Who Lied (by the Daily Prophet)[17]The Chosen One[18][7][19][20][21][22][23][24][25][26][27][28][3]Barny Weasley (under disguise of Polyjuice Potion)[29]Undesirable No. 1[30][31][32]Lightning (by Potterwatch)[33]Plotter (by the Daily Prophet)Albert Runcorn (under disguise of Polyjuice Potion)[30][31]Vernon Dudley[34] (the name he used to disguise his identity from Snatchers)   Title(s) SeekerTriwizard ChampionQuidditch CaptainMaster of Death     Signature     Physical information  Species Human[5]   Gender Male[5]   Hair colour Jet-black[35][36]   Eye colour Bright green[36]   Skin colour Light[37][38][39]    Relationship information  Family members James Potter I[40] (father) †Lily Potter[40] (née Evans) (mother) †Ginevra Potter[41] (née Weasley) (wife)James Potter II[41] (son)Albus Potter[41] (son)Lily Potter[41] (daughter)Arthur Weasley[41] (father-in-law)Molly Weasley[41] (née Prewett) (mother-in-law)William Weasley[41] (brother-in-law)Charles Weasley[41] (brother-in-law)Percy Weasley[41] (brother-in-law)Fred Weasley[41] (brother-in-law) †George Weasley[41] (brother-in-law)Ronald Weasley[41] (brother-in-law)Fleur Weasley[41] (née Delacour) (sister-in-law by marriage)Audrey Weasley[41] (sister-in-law by marriage)Angelina Johnson[41] (sister-in-law by marriage)Hermione Granger[41] (sister-in-law by marriage)Padma Patil (sister-in-law by marriage in alternate timeline)Victoire Weasley[42] (niece by marriage)Dominique Weasley[43] (niece by marriage)Louis Weasley[43] (nephew by marriage)Molly Weasley II[43] (niece by marriage)Lucy Weasley[43] (niece by marriage)Fred Weasley II[43] (nephew by marriage)Roxanne Weasley[43] (niece by marriage)Rose Granger-Weasley[41][44] (niece by marriage)Hugo Granger-Weasley[41][44] (nephew by marriage)Panju Weasley (nephew by marriage in alternate reality)Petunia Dursley[40] (née Evans) (maternal aunt; legal guardian) †Vernon Dursley[40] (maternal uncle by marriage; legal guardian)Dudley Dursley[40] (maternal first cousin)Fleamont Potter[45] (paternal grandfather) †Euphemia Potter[45] (paternal grandmother) †Maternal grandfather[40] †Maternal grandmother[40] †Linfred of Stinchcombe[45] (paternal ancestor) †Ignotus Peverell[41] (paternal ancestor) †Paternal ancestor[41] †Hardwin Potter[41] (paternal ancestor) †Iolanthe Peverell[41] (paternal ancestor) †Ralston Potter (possible paternal relative) †Charlus Potter (possible paternal relative) †Possible paternal relative †Potter family[40] (paternal family)Evans family (maternal family)Weasley family (in-laws)   Romances Cho Chang (ex-girlfriend)Ginevra Potter (wife)    Magical characteristics  Boggart Dementor[46][47]   Wand 11", Holly, phoenix feather[48]10¾", Vine, dragon heartstring (temporarily)10", Blackthorn, unknown core (temporarily)10", Hawthorn, unicorn hair (temporarily)15", Elder, thestral hair (temporarily)   Patronus Stag[49][50]    Affiliation  Occupation Head of British Auror Office[51] (formerly)Guest lecturer on Defence Against the Dark Arts[52]Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement[53]   House Gryffindor[54]   Loyalty Potter familyEvans familyHogwarts School of Witchcraft and WizardryGryffindorGryffindor Quidditch teamTrioDumbledore's ArmySlug Club[19]Potions Club[55]Society for the Promotion of Elfish WelfareOrder of the PhoenixAlbus DumbledoreWeasley familyBritish Ministry of MagicDepartment of Magical Law EnforcementBritish Auror Office   [Source]   Harry James[56] Potter (b. 31 July 1980)[1] was an English half-blood[2] wizard, and one of the most famous wizards of modern times.
The only child and son of James and Lily Potter (née Evans), Harry's birth was overshadowed by a prophecy, naming either himself or Neville Longbottom as the one with the power to vanquish Lord Voldemort, one of the most powerful and feared Dark wizards in the world. After half of the prophecy was reported to Voldemort, courtesy of Severus Snape, Harry was chosen as the target due to his many similarities with the Dark Lord. This in turn caused the Potter family to go into hiding.  Voldemort made his first attempt to circumvent the prophecy when Harry was a year and three months old. During this attempt, he murdered Harry's parents as they tried to protect him, but this unsuccessful attempt to kill Harry led to Voldemort's first downfall. This downfall marked the end of the First Wizarding War, and to Harry henceforth being known as "The Boy Who Lived",[5] as he was the only known survivor of the Killing Curse due to being magically protected by his mother's loving sacrifice. In accordance with the terms of the prophecy, this attempt on his life also established him, not Neville, as Voldemort's nemesis.  One consequence of Lily's sacrifice was that her orphaned son had to be raised by her only remaining blood relative, his Muggle aunt Petunia Dursley, and her husband, uncle Vernon Dursley. While in their care, he would be protected from Lord Voldemort due to the Bond of Blood charm that Albus Dumbledore placed upon him.[57] This powerful charm would protect him until he either came of age, or no longer called his aunt's house home. Due to Petunia's resentment of her sister and her magical abilities, Harry grew up abused and neglected.  Shortly before Harry's eleventh birthday, there were several attempts from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry to send him a letter inviting him to not only come to Hogwarts, but also to explain his magical heritage. Though Vernon Dursley ultimately made the decision to leave their residence at 4 Privet Drive temporarily to evade the letters, his attempts were ultimately for naught. On his eleventh birthday, Harry learned from Rubeus Hagrid that he was a wizard.[58] Rubeus Hagrid took Harry from the Dursley family the next day to Diagon Alley. This is where Harry withdrew some of his money from Gringotts Wizarding Bank, where Hagrid bought Harry's snow-white owl, Hedwig. While he was in Diagon Alley, Harry also got his school supplies (i.e., books from Flourish and Blotts, his robes from Madam Malkin's Robes for All Occasions, and his potion equipment from Slug & Jiggers Apothecary).  Harry began attending Hogwarts in 1991. The Sorting Hat told Harry that he would do well in Slytherin House, but Harry pleaded "not Slytherin". The Hat heeded this plea and sorted the young wizard into Gryffindor House.[54] At school, Harry became best friends with Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. He was also the youngest Seeker in a century, making the house team in his first year when Minerva McGonagall introduced him to Oliver Wood, Gryffindor's Quidditch captain at
the time. He later became the captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch Team in his sixth year, winning two Quidditch Cups.[59] While in school, Harry also demonstrated an extraordinary talent for Defence Against the Dark Arts.[60][61][62][63][64]  He became even better-known in his early years for protecting the Philosopher's Stone from Voldemort, saving Ron's sister Ginny Weasley, solving the mystery of the Chamber of Secrets, slaying Salazar Slytherin's basilisk, and learning how to conjure a corporeal Patronus at the age of thirteen, which took the form of a stag. In his fourth year, Harry won the Triwizard Tournament, although the person had to be seventeen to enter, and Harry was only fourteen. The competition ended with the tragic death of Cedric Diggory and the return of Lord Voldemort. During the next school year, in defiance of Dolores Umbridge's and the Ministry of Magic's strict regime against the teaching of Defence Against the Dark Arts and the continued introduction of the new Educational Decree, Ronald Weasley and Hermione Granger first had the idea of creating an illegal Defence Against the Dark Arts group called Dumbledore's Army. Harry was initially reluctant to the idea, but he gradually came to like it and eventually agreed to start the group. He also fought in the Battle of the Department of Mysteries, during which he lost his godfather, Sirius Black, and the prophecy was destroyed.  Harry played a significant role in many other battles of the Second Wizarding War. During what would have been his seventh year, he, Ron, and Hermione hunted down and destroyed Voldemort's Horcruxes. During the Battle of Hogwarts, Harry personally saw the deaths of Severus Snape and Fred Weasley while learning that Remus Lupin, Nymphadora Tonks, Colin Creevey, and many others had fallen in the battle as well. He encountered Voldemort and nearly sacrificed himself, knowing that his doing so was the only way to destroy the fragment of Voldemort's soul inside of him. While in limbo, after Voldemort cursed him in the forest clearing, Dumbledore gave Harry advice and background information on the Dark Lord. When told that he could choose to live or to "move on," Harry ultimately chose to live. After he awoke, Harry confronted Voldemort and defeated him once and for all.  Harry was also noted for being the only known Master of Death, having united the three Deathly Hallows at the mere age of seventeen.  After the war, Harry became an Auror and helped reform and revolutionise the Ministry of Magic.[52] At some point, he married Ginny, with whom he had three children: James Sirius, Albus Severus, and Lily Luna. He was also named the godfather of Edward "Teddy" Remus Lupin. In 2007, Harry was promoted to Head of the British Auror Office at the age of 26,[65][51] and would occasionally deliver Defence Against the Dark Arts lectures at Hogwarts.[52] He was later promoted to Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement by the summer of 2020.[53]  Harry as an infant with his parents Harry James Potter was born on 31 July 1980, at
Godric's Hollow in the West Country, England, only hours after his future classmatee Neville Longbottom.[66] Around this time, a prophecy regarding a boy born at the end of July with the power to defeat Voldemort was stated to wizards.[67] Harry's christening was quiet and quick, with only mother, father, and Sirius Black in attendance.[68] Harry spent his infancy in hiding with his parents in the Potter cottage.[32]  A young Harry having a jolly time on his toy broomstick For Harry's first birthday, Sirius bought him a toy broomstick. Lily's letter to Sirius mentioned that this broomstick had been Harry's favourite present and that he had smashed a horrible vase that had been a gift from Petunia and nearly killed their cat. In the letter, Lily also included a picture of Harry flying around on the broom and James chasing after him. Lily also stated in the letter that Harry looked pleased with himself while flying around on the toy broom. Lily and James also hosted a very quiet birthday tea. The only ones in attendance were them, Harry, and Bathilda Bagshot also used to dote on infant Harry. The Potters owned a cat, but what happened to it after Voldemort's attack it remains unknown.  Voldemort arriving at Godric's Hollow, planning to murder the infant Harry When it became clear that Voldemort marked the Potters for death in regards to the prophecy, Albus Dumbledore suggested that they use the Fidelius Charm to keep them safe. He even offered to be the Potter's Secret Keeper, but the Potters had already planned to make Sirius their Secret Keeper instead. On Sirius's advice, they changed this designation to Peter Pettigrew, who they thought would be less suspicious.[69] In a terrible turn of fate, Pettigrew was a Death Eater spy, and betrayed the Potters' whereabouts barely a week later.[70]  The Potter family home under attack, as Lily Potter was being murdered by Lord Voldemort On the evening of Hallowe'en in 1981, Lord Voldemort arrived at Godric's Hollow and murdered James and Lily. He murdered James first, who tried to distract the Dark Lord; unfortunately, he did not have his wand with him and was killed immediately. Voldemort then advanced on Lily, who died trying to protect Harry.[71] Her sacrifice prevented the Killing Curse from working on Harry, resulting in her love for Harry becoming a barrier to protecting him. When Voldemort attempted the curse on Harry, it backfired on the caster and instead of murdering Harry, Voldemort lost all his powers and his physical form was obliterated.  Harry as an infant facing death for the first time at the hands of Lord Voldemort Voldemort was saved from death by the five Horcruxes he had made up to that point, including his diary, Gaunt's ring, Slytherin's locket, Hufflepuff's cup, and Ravenclaw's diadem.[72] This later included Harry himself also, because a piece of Voldemort's unstable soul latched onto the only living being present. This gave him some of Voldemort's abilities such as the ability to speak Parseltongue. This event made Harry the only person to
have survived the Killing Curse, thus giving him the title the "Boy Who Lived". The failed curse left a lightning-bolt scar on his forehead, marking him as Voldemort's equal. The scar would be both a bane and a blessing to Harry in the years to come, as it opened a telepathic link between Lord Voldemort and himself, giving each some awareness of each other's thoughts.  Rubeus Hagrid delivering baby Harry to 4 Privet Drive Rubeus Hagrid rescued Harry from the house, partially destroyed by Voldemort's faulty killing curse, and was given specific orders from Albus Dumbledore to take him to his aunt and uncle. As Hagrid left, he was intercepted by Sirius Black, a close friend of the Potters, who pleaded for Hagrid to give the baby to him, as he was the chosen guardian in the event of James and Lily's death. Hagrid refused, saying that he was under orders from Dumbledore to take Harry to his relatives. Sirius reluctantly relented and gave Hagrid his flying motorcycle to take Harry to Privet Drive, and left to find Pettigrew, who subsequently faked his death and framed Sirius for his death and that of twelve Muggles.[73]  Hagrid delivered Harry to Dumbledore late on the evening of 1 November 1981.[5] Dumbledore left a letter of explanation to the family living in the house, the Dursleys, who did not want to take care of Harry.[57]  On 1 September 1984, Albus Dumbledore mentioned Harry Potter's name at the Start-of-Term Feast to the residents of Hogwarts, telling them that he was safe, and that when old enough, he too would attend Hogwarts.[74]  Dumbledore leaving the infant Harry with a note at the doorstep of 4 Privet Drive As the Dursleys were Muggles, they could not use magic. They knew about its existence, but refused to associate with witches and wizards. They proudly considered themselves a "normal" family and despised anything out of the ordinary, even if it had nothing to do with witches, wizards, and magic. They lied to Harry about his parents' death, claiming they had died in a car crash. They also claimed that the lightning-bolt scar on Harry's forehead was from the same crash.[75] Whenever Harry tried to remember it, all that he could vaguely recall (as if he 'strained his memory') was a green flash of light and a high, cold laugh. He tried to understand what it was, or if it was from the car crash, but he simply could not. Petunia and Vernon Dursley, Harry's new guardians, forbade him from asking questions, particularly those regarding his parents. In addition, the Dursleys refused to have pictures of Lily and James, and did their best to avoid the subject of Harry's parents altogether.[76]  They resented Harry for his magic, which was sporadic but evident, and strongly discouraged any sort of imagination. They neglected Harry, verbally and emotionally abused him, and inflicted cruel punishments, like depriving him of meals and locking him into the cupboard under the stairs on him whenever something "unusual" occurred. Their behaviour was left unreported
to authorities. In his youth, Harry could make strange things happen without understanding why he could, as no one had told him that he was a wizard.   For instance, after Petunia had sheared off all of his messy hair using a pair of kitchen scissors in her fury that it would not lay flat, leaving him almost completely bald with only the fringe at the front, it had grown all the way back, and to its previous messy state at that, by the next morning. Harry was punished, even though he had not done anything on purpose. Another time, Dedalus Diggle bowed to him in a shop, and Petunia furiously interrogated Harry as to know how he knew the man before leaving the shop hastily.[75]  Harry living in a cupboard beneath the staircase The Dursleys spoiled and pampered their son, Dudley, and paid almost no attention to Harry with what little attention they did pay to him being negative in its entirety. All his clothes were hand-me-downs from Dudley and were far too large for Harry. He was forced to sleep in the Cupboard Under the Stairs, while his cousin got two bedrooms to himself (one for sleeping in and one for storing all his toys). They also made Harry do household chores for them, such as making food and getting the post. In time, Dudley started bullying Harry. The Dursleys took Dudley and his friend Piers Polkiss to someplace spectacular every year for his birthday, but the only thing Harry ever got for his birthday was one of Vernon's old socks or a coat-hanger.  The Dursleys always hid evidence of Harry's existence by not having pictures of him in the house. Among the few people who did know about Harry were Petunia's friend Yvonne and Vernon's sister Marge, the latter of whom the boy was forced to consider an aunt to him, despite not being a relative of his. Aunt Marge showed the most dislike for the frail boy while visiting Privet Drive during Dudley Dursley's fifth birthday, when she whacked Harry around the shins to stop him from beating Dudley at musical statues, and on holidays like Christmas, when she brought a computerised robot for Dudley and a box of dog biscuits for Harry to apparently eat. She eventually made a fool out of the young Potter during Dudley's tenth birthday, when Harry accidentally stepped on the paw of her favourite pet bulldog Ripper, causing the enraged dog to chase him out into the garden and up a tree. Dudley laughed himself silly at the sight of his cousin then, and to the Dursleys' delight, Marge refused to call Ripper off until past midnight.[77]  Harry with his aunt in the kitchen of 4 Privet Drive Harry's hardship, however, was highly necessary as by returning to live with his mother's only living blood relative, the protection that Lily gave Harry would continue. While Harry could call that place home he could not be harmed. However, the Bond of blood charm would be broken when Harry turned
seventeen years old, or when he no longer called 4 Privet Drive his home.[57]  Unknown to Harry, one of his neighbours, Arabella Figg, was a Squib who had been ordered by Albus Dumbledore to keep an eye on Harry but to not reveal anything of the wizarding world to him. Unfortunately for Harry, to maintain favour with the Dursleys, she was forced to give him a lousy time whenever she had to look after him, as the Dursleys would never have let him go if they knew Harry was enjoying himself, a possibility that infuriated them. Harry discovered her connection to the wizarding world when it was revealed during the summer before his fifth year that she worked undercover for the Order of the Phoenix to keep tabs on Harry for his safety.[78]  Potter speaking Parseltongue to a boa constrictor at the zoo On 23 June 1991, Dudley's eleventh birthday, the Dursleys went to the zoo with Dudley and Piers. Unfortunately for the Dursleys, they had to take Harry with them, as Mrs Figg had broken her leg and there was no one to take Harry, and they refused to leave him alone in their house. At the zoo, Harry spoke with a boa constrictor and unintentionally made the glass of its enclosure disappear. This allowed the snake to slither out of his cage which scared Dudley into thinking it was after him. Harry was able to communicate in Parseltongue with the freed boa, which thanked Harry briefly, then slithered out of the reptile house calmly.[75] After this incident, the enraged Dursleys sentenced Harry to his cupboard until the beginning of the summer holidays.[79]   Harry attended St. Grogory's Primary School,[80] a Muggle primary school, with Dudley. He had no friends there, since all the students were afraid of Dudley's tough friends, who hated Harry simply because Dudley did. Dudley and his friends liked to play a unique game — 'Harry Hunting' — which involved chasing Harry for hours on end. Although Harry was good at sports, he was always the last picked for a team because no one wanted to admit to Dudley that they liked him, rather than because he was no good. Harry accidentally turned his teacher's wig blue Harry got decent, if not good grades at school. On one occasion, Harry accidentally turned his teacher's wig blue; on another, he accidentally apparated onto the school kitchen roof when escaping from Dudley's gang; and on a third, he made Dudley's old jumper shrink as Aunt Petunia tried to shove it over his head. These incidents always enraged the Dursleys, and after each, they would punish Harry by throwing him into the cupboard — except for after the jumper incident because Aunt Petunia thought that the jumper had shrunk in the wash.  If Harry had not gone to Hogwarts, then he would have attended Stonewall High, a Muggle secondary school that Harry dreaded attending.[81]  Potter's Hogwarts acceptance letter Harry had no birthday celebrations until the day he turned 11, which was the same day that
he discovered the exceptional reality about his identity. On the week of Harry's birthday, hundreds of letters began arriving at the Dursleys' home, addressed to him from a place called Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. When the Dursleys saw the first letter was addressed as "cupboard under the stairs", they panicked at the thought of Harry's ill treatment being observed and transferred him to Dudley's second bedroom out of fear of being arrested for child abuse, which soon appeared on letters as the smallest bedroom.  When Uncle Vernon first read the letter, he turned a pale porridge grey out of fear that witches and wizards were trying to contact Harry. Because of this, Vernon tried to destroy the letters in a futile attempt to keep Harry from his destiny. But the letters kept coming in increasingly larger quantities, to the point where they started flying out of the fireplace by the dozens, and as they did, the Dursleys saw no alternative, but to flee from them. This was not enough to let the Dursleys avoid the letters, however, as the owls carrying these letters followed them wherever they went. On 30 July 1991, In a final desperate move on, the Dursleys moved to a shack on a rocky island at the edge of the sea.[79]  Potter receiving a birthday cake from Hagrid on his eleventh birthday At midnight on Harry's birthday, Rubeus Hagrid appeared in person to find out why Harry had not received his letter. He was infuriated by the Dursleys and explained to Harry, in spite of Vernon's obstinate protests, that he was a wizard, how his parents died, that Dumbledore demanded him to take Harry from the ruined house to his hated relatives, and that he was to be sent to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.[58]  This would be Harry's first birthday celebration and Hagrid gave him a small homemade birthday cake and later, a snowy owl. Harry named her Hedwig, a name he had found from his textbook (A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot). This was the first birthday present Harry ever received. Hagrid took Harry to the Leaky Cauldron, where he learned that he was famous. He met Quirinus Quirrell, his soon-to-be Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher at Hogwarts, the Inn-keeper Tom, a witch named Doris Crockford, and Dedalus Diggle — the man who had bowed to Harry several years earlier. Hagrid then took Harry to Diagon Alley, where he learned more about his fame in the wizarding world and that his parents had left him a small fortune in a vault at Gringotts Wizarding Bank.  Potter at Ollivander's on Diagon Alley buying his wand Harry bought his first wand from Ollivander's that very day. The wand that chose Harry was made of holly wood and had a phoenix feather core; it was 11", nice and supple. The phoenix feather at its core came from Dumbledore's phoenix Fawkes. It was crafted by Garrick Ollivander, who had also created a twin wand. This wand had been made from yew, and
contained the only other feather supplied by Fawkes. This twin wand had chosen Tom Riddle as its master long ago. But after turning to evil and assumed the alias of Lord Voldemort, Riddle ended up using this wand to attack Harry and his parents. Sharing the same phoenix origin, the two wands had a unique connection that would prevent them from successfully duelling against each other in the years to come.  Harry was guided further to his destiny on 1 September, 1991, when he was dropped off by the Dursleys at King's Cross Station. Vernon helped Harry wheel his things to the platforms and left laughing about how Platform Nine and Three-Quarters had not yet been built. The family then drove off, leaving Harry at the busy station all alone. With only ten minutes left until the train's departure at eleven a.m., Harry was panicking when he overheard a red-headed family complaining about the station being packed with Muggles, and he noticed that they had an owl with their belongings.  Harry meeting the Weasleys for the first time at King's Cross Station Harry watched as the older boys magically passed through the barrier between platforms nine and ten. Harry nervously interrupted them and was introduced to their youngest son Ron, who was starting his first year as well. Molly (Ron's mother) kindly gave him instructions on how to board the platform. Harry quickly ran through the barrier, followed by Ron, and arrived on the Platform, catching his first sight of the Hogwarts Express. As most of the compartments were full, Harry pushed his things to near the end of the train, and with some help from twins from the red-headed family, was able to get his things aboard.[82]  While helping, the twins noticed his scar and recognised that he must be Harry Potter. While Harry sat near the window in his compartment watching the family, the twins Fred and George Weasley reported this discovery to the amazement of their little sister Ginny and their older brother Percy who was a Prefect and had already changed into his robes. After boarding, the train soon departed and Ron asked if he could sit with Harry, who agreed. Ron asked Harry about his scar, and Harry asked if Ron's whole family were wizards, which they are except for his mother's second cousin, who was an accountant. When the trolley witch came by around half-past twelve, Harry bought some of all the treats from the cart and shared them with Ron.  The trio meeting for the first time aboard the Hogwarts Express Neville Longbottom soon came by searching for his lost toad, Trevor. While Ron was attempting a magic spell to change his rat Scabbers, Hermione Granger interrupted trying to help find Trevor. After Ron's spell failed, Hermione introduced herself and upon learning Harry's name, informed him that he was in several books on magical history. While speculating which house they might be in, Harry and Ron were interrupted by Draco Malfoy, Vincent Crabbe, and Gregory Goyle. Although Draco attempted to ingratiate
himself, Harry refused to shake his hand after he insulted Ron and his family. When Goyle attempted to take some of their Chocolate Frog Cards, Scabbers bit his finger and helped drive them off. Ron afterwards explained that the Malfoy family were on Voldemort's side, but came back saying they had been bewitched, although his father did not believe it.[82]  Upon arriving, Hagrid gathered all the first years together and they followed a path down to the edge of a Great Lake. In groups of no more than four, they climbed aboard a little fleet of small boats, and sailed across the lake to an underground harbour. Helping to remind Neville to take his toad, Hagrid took them up a passageway to the gates of the castle.[82]  The new students were greeted at the castle door by Professor Minerva McGonagall, who explained the four houses of Hogwarts: Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin, as well as the rules of the House Cup. McGonagall led the first years into a small room off the Entrance Hall and told them to wait until she returned. When she did, they were led into the Great Hall, where they were greeted by the rest of the students, and more importantly, a shabby wizard's hat on a small stool.  Harry during the Sorting Ceremony Harry was particularly anxious, as he did not feel that any of the Houses as they were described in the Hat's song were right for him. Harry noted that Draco Malfoy, whom Harry had met in Diagon Alley, was instantly placed in Slytherin, and remembered what Hagrid and Ron had told him about Slytherin's reputation for turning out Dark wizards, and that Voldemort had been in Slytherin. When Harry put on the Hat, it slipped down past his eyes, and the hat told him that he "would do well in Slytherin". Thinking of Voldemort, Harry desperately repeated the phrase "not Slytherin". The Hat heeded Harry's request and placed Harry in Gryffindor along with Ron and Hermione Granger. In his second year during a visit to Dumbledore's office, the Sorting Hat re-emphasised the idea that Harry "would do well in Slytherin".  The Sorting Ceremony was followed by the Start-of-Term Feast. Having previously never been allowed to eat as much as he wanted, Harry was overwhelmed by the sheer variety of foods in front of him. Dessert arrived, and talk turned to the first-years' families. Neville Longbottom told the others how his family thought he was a Squib until his great-uncle accidentally dropped him out of a window, and he bounced.  Harry as his scar began to hurt during the Sorting Ceremony after making eye contact with Severus Snape It was during the feast that Harry's scar hurt for the first time: Harry was looking up at the staff table at Professor Quirrell when the hook-nosed teacher Quirrell was talking to looked past Quirrell at Harry, who immediately felt a sharp pain in his scar. This was because Lord Voldemort was inhabiting Quirrell's body as anytime Voldemort was near Harry's scar
hurt. After the last morsels melted from the golden plates and goblets, Dumbledore gave a speech welcoming the new students to the school and the old students back. He added a few warnings about staying away from the Forbidden Forest, and avoiding the third-floor corridor before leading the school in singing the school song and sending everyone off to their dormitories.  In his first ever Potions class, Harry discovered that Professor Snape hated him, mocking him as the school's "new celebrity" before teaching the class how to brew a Boil-Cure Potion. Harry and Ron went down to Hagrid's hut for tea, where they met Hagrid's huge and fierce-looking dog, Fang. Hagrid told Harry that he was overreacting to Snape's treatment, asserting that he would have no reason to hate him. Hagrid and Ron began to talk about Ron's older brother Charlie Weasley. While they were talking, Harry picked up a cutting from the Daily Prophet that was lying on the table. The article detailed a break-in that occurred on Harry's birthday at Gringotts. The vault that was broken into was number 713, the same vault Hagrid visited with Harry on their trip to Diagon Alley.  The first flying class of the 1991–1992 school year One of the things that Harry had been looking forward to was learning to fly until he found out that the Gryffindors would be taking flying lessons with the Slytherins. Malfoy had been bragging about his skill to anyone who would listen. Madam Rolanda Hooch taught the class by starting with basic broom control. After learning the theory, the students were told to hover gently off the ground on Madam Hooch's go-ahead. Terrified of being left behind, Neville panicked and kicked off before anyone else, rising fifty feet in the air before falling off and breaking his wrist. Madam Hooch took Neville to the Hospital Wing after warning the other students to stay on the ground until she got back.  Draco Malfoy nicked Neville's Remembrall from off the ground and was told to give it to Harry, jeering that he would leave it "up a tree" unless Harry stopped him and took off on his broom. Harry mounted his broom and kicked off after him. As much to his surprise as everyone else's, he discovered that he could not only fly, but that it was something he did not need to be taught. Bending low on the broom handle, he shot toward Draco, who realised that Harry was a better flyer and threw the Remembrall into the air, daring the famous boy to catch it. Harry raced the ball towards the ground, catching it and coming out of his dive a foot from the ground. He toppled lightly onto the grass amidst the cheers of the Gryffindors, grinning wildly.  McGonagall discovering Harry's potential as the new Gryffindor Seeker His euphoria did not last long, however, as Professor McGonagall quickly arrived on the scene. Having seen the dive, she ordered Harry to follow her. Expecting punishment, Harry was instead introduced to Oliver Wood, whom she
pulled out of a Charms class. Captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch team, Wood's confusion at being introduced to a first year quickly turned to excitement and ecstasy upon hearing McGonagall recount the dive. He told her that Harry would need a decent broom if they were to compete, and explained to Harry that he would make an excellent Seeker, perhaps rivalling the legendary Charlie Weasley.  Harry told Ron about everything that happened after he left with McGonagall over dinner that night, but warned him that Wood wanted to keep it a secret. Much calmer on the ground, and with his cronies Vincent Crabbe and Gregory Goyle flanking him, Draco came over to taunt Harry about getting in trouble earlier. Enraged that Harry not only escaped trouble, but was instead rewarded, he challenged Harry to a wizard's duel. In spite of Hermione's attempt to dissuade them from breaking the school rules, (or perhaps because of it), Harry accepted the challenge.  The trio trespassing in the restricted third-floor corridor As they left the tower, the trio found Neville (whose wrist had been fixed by Madam Pomfrey) waiting outside, having forgotten the password. Neville decided to go with them and the four arrived at the Trophy Room (the site of the duel), but Malfoy was nowhere to be found. They speculated that he may have chickened out and were deciding what to do next when they heard the school caretaker Argus Filch and his cat, Mrs Norris, enter the room. Realising that Draco tricked them and informed Filch of their location, they attempted to quietly exit the room. A nearby doorknob rattled and Peeves, Hogwarts' resident poltergeist, burst into the hallway, threatening to expose them.[83]  The trio encountering Fluffy, a three-headed dog, guarding a trap door Growing desperate, Ron took a swipe at Peeves, who began to bellow their whereabouts as loud as he could, attracting Filch. The four kids ran right to the end of the corridor, where they found themselves stopped by a locked door, which Hermione opened with the Unlocking Charm using Harry's wand. They hurried inside, thinking themselves out of danger until turning around and coming face-to-face with a monstrous sight: a giant three-headed dog. Choosing Filch over death, the children ran for it, somehow managing to get back to their dormitory without running into anyone along the way. Though shaken by the night's events, Harry's interest in exploring was piqued by Hermione's pointing out that the dog was standing on a trapdoor.  Harry receiving a Nimbus 2000, a gift from Professor McGonagall Over breakfast the next morning, Harry and Ron were discussing what Fluffy could be guarding when the mail arrived. Harry, who had received no mail apart from Hagrid's letter, was intrigued as everyone else by the long, oddly-shaped package in the mail that morning, and was even more surprised than the others when he discovered what was inside: a Nimbus 2000, and with a note from Professor McGonagall warning him not to open the package at the table, and that he was to meet
Wood that night for Quidditch practice.   Taking the broom up to their dormitory, Harry and Ron were stopped by Malfoy, who seized the package and told Harry that first-year students are not allowed their own brooms. When Professor Flitwick walked up to them, he tried to report Harry, but Flitwick, who had been told of Harry's special permission, just expressed admiration for Harry's talent.  A Hallowe'en lesson on the Levitation Charm On Hallowe'en, Professor Flitwick began teaching his students how to perform the Levitation Charm. Only Hermione succeeded; offended by her air of superiority, Ron later made a nasty comment that she overheard. The comment was about her lack of friends, causing her to run off to lock herself in the girl's bathroom in tears and making him and Harry feel slightly guilty. When the two went down to the Hallowe'en feast later, their guilt was forgotten amidst the splendour of the decorations.  Partway into the feast, Quirrell arrived to announce that there was a twelve-foot Mountain Troll in the dungeons before fainting where he stood. The prefects led the students back to their dorms, but Harry realised that Hermione did not know about the troll and convinced Ron to help save her, since they were responsible. They sneaked off to the girl's bathroom to warn Hermione, locking the troll inside. However, they did not realise their mistake until they heard Hermione's terrified scream emanate from the bathroom. A horrified Harry and Ron ran back into the bathroom to rescue her. After a brief skirmish, during which Harry stuck his wand up the troll's nose, Ron finally knocked the troll out, by levitating the troll's own club to smash into its head.  The mountain troll in the bathroom, where Hermione was hiding Attracted by the troll's yells, the teachers arrived to find Harry, Ron, and Hermione covered in dust, and the bathroom in disarray. Professor McGonagall, head of Gryffindor, began scolding the boys for not going straight to their dormitories with the rest of their house, but instead putting themselves in grave danger. Much to Harry and Ron's surprise, Hermione lied to McGonagall and told her that she had gone looking for the troll, as she thought she could handle them. She claimed that Harry and Ron were looking for her, (which was true), and she would most likely be dead if the boys had failed to rescue her (also true). The three bonded over the shared experience, and were friends thereafter.  As the Quidditch season began, Harry became increasingly nervous. The first match of the season was against Slytherin. Harry was under increasing pressure to show that he was not just a famous name. In an attempt to calm his nerves, Harry borrowed a book entitled Quidditch Through the Ages, a book that was comprehensive history of the sport, that Hermione must have checked out from the library. During break on the day before the match, Harry, Ron, and Hermione were huddled together around a jar of flames, which had been conjured by Hermione, to
keep warm.  Harry noticing the blood on Snape's robes and a slight limp when he walked Snape noticed their guilty faces, and looking for a reason to punish them, confiscated Harry's book on the feeble pretext that library books were not to be taken outside. Harry noticed that Snape was limping, as though his leg was injured, strengthening his suspicions that the Potions Master was after whatever it was that Fluffy was guarding. Nervous about the next day's match, Harry decided to ask Snape for the book back; realising that he would most likely be in the staffroom and that it would be harder for Snape to bully him if there were other teachers around, Harry decided to confront him. Approaching the door, Harry overheard Snape complaining to Filch about Fluffy. After opening the door, Harry saw Filch helping Snape to bandage his leg. He returned to the Common Room and then told his two friends everything he had seen.  Harry playing in his first Quidditch match against Slytherin Harry had little time to dwell on Snape's injury as the first Quidditch match began the very next morning. Harry's job as being the Gryffindor Seeker was to catch the Golden Snitch. The snitch is a walnut-sized gold ball, that is extremely fast and difficult to see. The entire match rested upon the retrieval of the Snitch. Harry's first attempt to catch the Snitch was foiled when the Slytherin Seeker blatched him. Though the Seeker was penalised, the move succeeded in stopping Harry from getting to the Snitch.  Soon after, Harry's broom began bucking uncontrollably as if trying to unseat him. The bucking became even more violent with each passing second, until Harry was hanging from the broom with just one hand. As the crowd looked on with horror, some of the professors had their wands at the ready should he fall. Ron and Hermione began to wonder if the other was at fault. That is until Hagrid, who had arrived to watch the game, noted that it would take powerful dark magic to make a broomstick so hard to manage, magic that powerful was well above the level of a second year and therefore had to have been cast by a qualified wizard. This announcement did nothing to help the worried friends.  Harry catching the Snitch and winning the opening match against Slytherin Hermione, who had turned her gaze away from Harry, and was scanning the stands, noticed that Snape was staring unblinkingly at Harry and muttering non-stop under his breath. Thinking quickly, Hermione took advantage of the fact that everyone's attention was now focused on Harry (and the Weasley twins' attempts to rescue him) to run around the entire stadium, knocking over Professor Quirrell, and ending up behind Snape. Muttering a few "well-chosen words" Hermione lit Snape's robes on fire with Bluebell Flames; a yell of shock told her she had done her job and she scooped the fire into a jar. Suddenly, up in the air, the spell on Harry's broomstick was broken and he was
once again able to control his broom. The spectators watched in confusion as Harry dove towards the ground, only to clasp his hand to his mouth as if he was being violently sick the instant he landed. In actuality, Harry had caught the Snitch in his mouth. His capture of the Snitch ended the match, resulting in Gryffindor's victory.  The trio searching for information on Flamel in the Hogwarts Library After the match, Hagrid took the three back to his hut. Ron and Hermione told Harry and Hagrid about what was happening on the other side of the stands, and how Snape was cursing his broomstick. Hagrid, however, did not believe them, asking why Snape would try to kill Harry; Harry told Hagrid about Snape being bitten by the dog in the third-floor corridor. Surprised by their knowledge, Hagrid involuntarily revealed that the dog belonged to him, and that what the dog was guarding did not concern them, as it was a secret known only to Albus Dumbledore and a man named Nicolas Flamel.  Impressed as they were with the fact that Harry had managed to hold onto a bucking broomstick, Malfoy soon found that the rest of the school no longer found his taunts that Harry was to be replaced amusing, and so reverted to teasing Harry about having to stay at Hogwarts for the holidays. Harry, however, was looking forward to spending Christmas away from the Dursleys, especially in light of the fact that Ron was also staying at Hogwarts, but also because it would give them some time to look up Nicolas Flamel; they were certain that the librarian would be able to find a book on Flamel in an instant, but were worried that it might be suspicious, and were thus forced to search for themselves.  Harry receiving his father's Cloak of Invisibility as a Christmas gift On Christmas day, Harry and Ron awoke to a pile of presents, each at the foot of their beds. At the bottom of the pile, he found a package containing an Invisibility Cloak and an anonymous note telling him only that the cloak once belonged to his father, and to "use it well". That night, Harry thought on the Cloak and decided to try it out. Realising he could go anywhere, he snuck back to the library and headed straight for the Restricted Section. Knowing he had to start somewhere, Harry pulled down one of the heavier books, and let it fall open on his knee. To his shock and horror, the silence was rent by a blood-curdling scream that issued from the book in front of him. He stuffed the book back in its place and ran for the door, knocking over the lantern he brought with him in his haste. Ducking under Filch's outstretched arms, Harry ran down the dark corridors, away from the library, and away from Filch.  Thinking he had escaped, Harry was scared to hear Filch's voice approaching, and horrified when he realised whom Filch was talking to: Snape. As Snape and
Filch rounded the corner, Harry realised that although his father's cloak made him invisible, it did not stop him from being solid, and that he had no chance of sneaking past them, as the corridor was particularly narrow. Thinking quickly, (and panicking slightly), Harry noticed a door to his left; slipping inside, he found himself in an abandoned classroom. After Filch and Snape passed his hiding place, Harry relaxed and took in more details about the room he was in.  Harry standing in front of the Mirror of Erised In doing so, he noticed something he had missed the first time: an old, gilded mirror bearing the inscription “Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru oyt on wohsi”. Stepping in front of the mirror, Harry very nearly cried out in shock: inside the mirror he saw a large crowd of people standing behind him. Shocked, Harry turned around to look at the room, but saw no one there. Turning back to the mirror and looking more closely, Harry realised that the man and woman in the front looked oddly like him. The man looked just like him, from his untidy hair to his glasses, and the woman, Harry saw, had the same eyes he had. Understanding, Harry focused on other members of the crowd, and saw others who had his untidy hair, his eyes, and even an old man who had Harry's knees; Harry was looking at his family, for the first time in his life.  The next night, Harry brought Ron with him to the mirror room. Ron did not see Harry's family in the mirror, but instead saw himself standing alone, tall, holding the House Cup, wearing badges indicating he was Head Boy and Quidditch Captain. The two began arguing over who would be allowed to look in the mirror; Mrs Norris, Filch's prowling cat, entered the room, attracted by the sounds of their argument. The next day, Ron, worried about being caught and about his friend's obsession with the mirror, warned Harry not to return; Harry, however, was not to be dissuaded.  Dumbledore advising Harry from seeking out the mirror again Going to the room that evening, Harry was ready to stay there all night, staring at the family he lost. However, in his haste, he failed to notice Professor Dumbledore standing by the door until after he removed his cloak. Dumbledore, who had been waiting for Harry, explained that the mirror, which was known as the “Mirror of Erised”, displayed the deepest, most desperate desire of whoever looked into it. Harry, who had never known his family, saw them standing around him; Ron, ever overshadowed by his older brothers, saw himself standing alone, the best of them all.  Before sending Harry back to bed, however, Dumbledore warned him that the mirror was a dangerous object; men had been driven mad by what they saw in the mirror, not knowing if what they saw was real, or even possible. He told Harry that the mirror was to be moved to a new location, and warned Harry
to not go looking for it. Before he left, Harry asked the headmaster what he saw in the mirror. Much to his surprise, Dumbledore told Harry that he saw himself with a pair of woollen socks. Despite his promise to Dumbledore, Harry found it difficult to forget the image of his parents, until Wood told the team that Snape would be refereeing the next Quidditch match against Hufflepuff.  Harry cheering Neville up after the latter was bullied by Draco Malfoy Shortly before the match, Malfoy, ever eager to pick on Neville, used the Leg-Locker Curse on Neville, forcing him to bunny hop his way back to the Common Room. Harry told Neville he was "worth twelve of Malfoy" and gave him a Chocolate Frog. Thanking Harry, Neville handed the card back to Harry for his collection. Looking down, Harry noted it was Dumbledore's card, the first he ever got. He turned the card over and suddenly remembered where he read the name Nicolas Flamel before: on the train on the way to school.  As the Gryffindor vs. Hufflepuff Quidditch match drew nearer, tensions mounted in the school; Gryffindor had failed to overtake Slytherin in the Inter-House Quidditch Cup for seven years, and Harry was worried that it would be impossible with Snape as a referee. Unknown to Harry, Ron and Hermione had been practising the Leg-Locker Curse to use on Snape, should he show any signs of wanting to harm Harry. Before the match began, Wood took Harry aside and reminded him that he needed to catch the Snitch as soon as he could, before Snape could favour Hufflepuff too much. Harry performed his role as Seeker phenomenally, catching the Snitch within five minutes of the game starting, putting Gryffindor in first place for the Quidditch Cup.  The trio watching a dragon egg hatch while in Hagrid's Hut Having realised how much Harry, Ron, and Hermione had worked out about the Stone after running into them in the library, Rubeus Hagrid told them to meet him in his hut later. When the trio arrived later, they noticed that the fire was lit, despite the heat of the day. Although he was reluctant to answer their questions, Hermione managed to manipulate him into talking about the various protections used to guard it: Fluffy, the three headed dog, was Hagrid's, along with enchantments from Professors Sprout, Flitwick, McGonagall, Quirrell, and Snape. Growing uncomfortable in the heat, Harry asked Hagrid to open a window, something Hagrid refused to do as he had a dragon egg in the fire. Unfortunately, Draco Malfoy discovered the dragon, and decided to use the knowledge to get revenge by getting them into trouble for possessing an illegal dragon. So Malfoy in turn, tried to tell McGonagall of the trio's activities.  Harry and Hermione waiting on top of the Astronomy tower with baby Norbert To save everyone involved, Harry, Ron, and Hermione convinced Hagrid to send Norbert off to Ron's brother Charlie Weasley, who would take Norbert to a Romanian dragon preserve. While helping Hagrid to prepare
Norbert for the journey, the dragon bit Ron's hand, causing it to swell up and forcing Ron to see Madam Pomfrey. On the pre-arranged night, Harry and Hermione managed to smuggle Norbert in a crate up to the Astronomy Tower under Harry's Invisibility Cloak. On the way up, they witnessed Professor McGonagall hauling Malfoy away for being out of bed at night, who protested that Harry was in possession of a dragon. Harry and Hermione passed the crate off to Charlie's friends and headed back down the stairs, where they were confronted by a gleeful Argus Filch; they had left the Cloak behind.  Harry in the Dark Forest with Draco Malfoy during their detention Filch took them to McGonagall's office, where they found Neville, who had attempted to warn them about Malfoy. Minerva McGonagall, who was very disappointed in them, took fifty points each from Harry, Hermione, and Neville and gave the three detention, which they were to serve along with Malfoy. Riding high on his Quidditch wins, Harry's popularity plummeted: no one wanted to talk to the "stupid first year" who, along with two others, had lost Gryffindor their chance of defeating Slytherin, and winning the House Cup. A week or so before exams, Harry's new determination to not meddle in others' business was tested when he heard Professor Quirrell, whimpering as if he was being threatened. Believing that Snape was the one threatening Quirrell, and that he was going after the Stone, Hermione suggested that they go talk to Professor Dumbledore, but Harry dismissed the idea, as they had no proof.  The next morning, Harry, Hermione, and Neville received notes from Professor McGonagall informing them their detention would begin at eleven that night. Argus Filch took them out to the Forbidden Forest, where Hagrid was waiting for them. Hagrid led them into the Forbidden Forest and showed them a pool of unicorn blood on the ground. They split up, Hagrid taking Harry and Hermione, while Neville and Malfoy went off with Fang. After Malfoy scared Neville into sending up red sparks, Hagrid sent Harry off with Malfoy, deciding that Malfoy would be less likely to scare Harry.   Harry with Firenze in the forest discussing the properties of unicorn blood As they continued, Harry noticed the pools of unicorn blood they were following seemed to be growing larger and larger, as if the animal had been thrashing around. Eventually, they came to a clearing and found the laying on the ground, and very dead. As they watched, a hooded figure emerged from the bushes and began to drink the unicorn's blood. Malfoy screamed and bolted away with Fang, leaving Harry, half blinded by the pain in his scar to stumble away from the advancing figure. Harry was saved by Firenze, a palamino centaur, who allowed Harry to ride on his back out of the forest. Firenze told Harry the properties of unicorn blood. Harry realised that there would only be one person who would be so desperate as to kill a unicorn: Lord Voldemort.  While talking
to Ron and Hermione after finishing their exams, Harry realised the strange coincidence that had occurred: Hagrid wanted a dragon more than anything else, only to meet a stranger who had one to give him. They ran down to ask Hagrid more about the man who gave him Norbert, only to find out that the stranger never lowered his hood, something of a fashion in the Hogs head. Hagrid explained that he could not remember much, as the man kept buying him drinks, but said that he thought they talked about Hogwarts and the kinds of creatures Hagrid looks after there.  The trio attempting to tell McGonagall about the plot to steal the Philosopher's Stone Focused on remembering what had happened that night, Hagrid accidentally let slip that Fluffy fell asleep when played music. Now convinced that Snape had all the information he needed to get past Fluffy,Harry, Ron, and Hermione decided to go see Professor Dumbledore and tell him their suspicions. While walking across the Entrance Hall, they were stopped by Professor McGonagall, and decided to tell her what they had found out. She insisted that no one could steal the Stone, and told them that Dumbledore was in London for the day.  As the trio set off that night to stop Snape, they were stopped themselves by Neville, who believed that they were sneaking out without reason again, and was worried that they would loose Gryffindor even more points. Desperate as they were for time, Hermione paralysed Neville. When they arrived the third-floor corridor, it was to find Fluffy awake, but a harp by his feet. Remembering what Hagrid told them, Harry began to blow into the wooden flute Hagrid gave him for Christmas. From the first notes, Fluffy's eyes began to droop, and he quickly fell asleep. Jumping through the trapdoor, they found themselves in Professor Sprout's room, filled with Devil's Snare, which almost smothered them.  Harry retrieving the right key from the swarm The next room, Professor Flitwick's, held a bunch of flying keys and some broomsticks. Harry found the correct key, caught it, and unlocked the next door with it. The next room was Professor McGonagall's, and had a large chessboard, for a game of Wizard's Chess which Ron won at the cost of sacrificing himself. Harry and Hermione continued to the next room (leaving an unconscious Ron where they could return for him), to find an unconscious troll; Professor Quirrell's room. Lastly, they entered Professor Snape's room, and found seven potions in bottles along with a roll of paper giving clues on which one to drink to continue: a logic puzzle. Hermione solved the puzzle, and at Harry's urging, drank the potion that allowed her to head back so that she could get Ron out, while Harry drank the potion to go forward to the final room.  Harry and Quirrell in the Dungeon Once inside the room, Harry's attention was drawn to two things: the Mirror of Erised, and Quirrell. Quirrell bound Harry before explaining that the Mirror was the key to
finding the Stone. Desperate to distract him from the Mirror, Harry questioned Quirrell, who revealed that he was serving Lord Voldemort, and although Snape hated Harry (because Snape allegedly loathed his father in their time at school), he never wanted him dead. Unable to locate the Stone, Quirrell asked Voldemort for help; much to Harry's surprise, a voice which seemed to issue from Quirrell himself said "to use the boy".  Looking in the Mirror, Harry saw his reflection pull the Stone out of his pocket and replace it, at which point he felt the real Stone drop his real pocket. He told Quirrell that he saw himself winning the House Cup, but Voldemort, an accomplished Legilimens, informed Quirrell that Harry was lying, and ordered Quirrell to allow him to speak "to the boy". Quirrell unwrapped his turban, and turned away from Harry. Sticking out of the back of Quirrell's head, Voldemort demanded that Harry give him the Stone. Harry refused, and Quirrell seized him, causing Harry's scar to sear with pain; but contact with Harry's skin burned Quirrell's hands, forcing him to release Harry. Realising that contact caused Quirrell pain, Harry grabbed Quirrell's arm and held on until he blacked out.  Harry in the Hospital Wing after the attack in the Underground Chambers He woke in the Hospital Wing, where Albus Dumbledore reassured him that Quirrell did not succeed at getting the Stone, and that the Stone had in fact, been destroyed. Dumbledore then explained the reason why Quirrell could not touch him was that because Harry's mother had died to save him, granting him protection against Voldemort.  At the End-of-Term Feast, after seemingly congratulating Slytherin on winning the House Cup, Dumbledore awarded Ron and Hermione fifty points, Harry sixty points, and Neville ten, which allowed them to win the cup.  Harry's second year in 1992 started out badly and gradually got worse. Throughout the preceding summer, the Dursleys became so fearful of his newly discovered magical abilities that they locked away all of his school supplies immediately after his return home to them. They even went as far as to ban him from saying words pertaining or related to magic in general, as evident to Harry getting reprimanded by Uncle Vernon for saying the word "magic" at the breakfast table one day.   This, however, did not stop Harry from exploiting their paranoia in order to have quiet time alone, such as taunting Dudley with made-up magical incantations (like Jiggery Pokery, Hocus Pocus, and Squiggly wiggly) whenever the latter teased him. Furthermore, he had no contact with any of his friends nor any news from the wizarding world, and Hedwig took to making noise out of boredom from being padlocked in her cage.  Harry in the garden at 4 Privet Drive On 31 July (Harry's twelfth birthday), Harry felt very lonely from receiving no letters from his friends. Dudley taunted him stating "Who would want to be friends with you?" The Dursleys seemed to have forgotten his birthday too, for they were too busy preparing
for a dinner party with a client of Vernon's at work. The sight of the hedge supposedly staring back startled Harry, but Dudley Dursley came over to bother him as the eyes vanished. Harry tried to scare his cousin away by pretending the use of incantations would set the hedge on fire. Petunia then threatened him with a soapy pan and tasked him with a list of chores to keep him out of her way until Vernon and Dudley returned home from buying dinner jackets.  Dobby introducing himself to Harry When he was sent up to his bedroom later that evening for the dinner party, he found a house-elf named Dobby waited on his bed to warn him against returning to Hogwarts, as it meant putting himself in great danger. He tried to tell Dobby that Hogwarts was his home and where he belonged. The elf then revealed that he prevented the direct deliverance of the mail from Harry's friends and promised to give the letters back when Harry complied with the warning.  This bargain failed as well, so Dobby crashed the dinner party downstairs via a Hover Charm on Petunia's homemade masterpiece of pudding, which splattered everywhere when the spell was lifted, and disappeared. The mess left behind was thus blamed on Harry, who received an official warning from the Ministry of Magic about using magic outside school. Taking advantage of this incident and using it as a means to suppress the magical blood in their nephew, the Dursleys locked him in his room with bars on his window to prevent him from returning to Hogwarts as punishment.  Fred, George, and Ron rescuing Harry from the Dursleys with the use of a Flying Ford Anglia Three nights later, Harry was rescued from his imprisonment by Ron, who was worried about not hearing from him all summer and flew with his older brothers Fred and George Weasley in a flying Ford Anglia belonging to their father Arthur Weasley, the Head of the Ministry's Misuse of Muggle Artefacts Office, to break off the bars on Harry's window and help him retrieve his school things. Hedwig's screeches soon alerted the Dursleys of the getaway, but they were unable to do anything as the car flew off with Harry in tow. During the flight to the Weasley family's home the Burrow, Harry told Ron and the twins about Dobby's warning, which Fred and George concluded must have been part of a joke from Draco Malfoy, whose family was of great wealth.  They arrived at their destination early the next morning to find a worried-sick Molly Weasley waiting in the kitchen to punish her three sons for taking the vehicle without permission by having them and Harry (who volunteered) de-gnome the garden. Mr Weasley came home to discuss the results of his proposed Muggle Protection Act to the Ministry with his family, and was glad to meet Harry once introduced to him, despite his wife berating him for bewitching their car. As a generous measure, the Weasleys welcomed the young wizard into
the family fold for the rest of the summer, though this made Ron's younger sister Ginny Weasley spend the entire day hiding in Harry's presence.  Harry in Knockturn Alley inside Borgin and Burkes When a Hogwarts acceptance letter for Ginny arrived a week later, the Weasleys set out for Diagon Alley using the Floo Network eight days afterwards to buy some school supplies. Harry ended up at Borgin and Burkes in the adjacent Knockturn Alley. While inside the shop he was forced to hide in a Crushing Cabinet, as Draco Malfoy and his father Lucius Malfoy entered. Draco made many sulky remarks regarding Harry's talent in Quidditch.  The shopkeeper, Mr Borgin, was surprised that Mr Malfoy was only selling dark and illegally enchanted artefacts and not buying. Mr Malfoy was sealing the items before they could be confiscated by the raids on wizarding households that Mr Weasley was conducting as part of the Muggle Protection Act. Borgin expressed pity to the current decline of blood purity. Draco, on the other hand, had interest in a few of the items already on sale, including the Hand of Glory and a cursed opal necklace, and was stopped from approaching Harry's hiding place by his father.  Gilderoy Lockhart embarrassing Harry while in Flourish and Blotts As soon as the Malfoys left, Harry was found leaving the shop himself by Rubeus Hagrid, who brought him out of Knockturn and into Diagon Alley's Flourish and Blotts, where the Weasleys were in line with Hermione and her parents for a book signing for the arrival of flamboyant but incompetent celebrity author Gilderoy Lockhart, who was recently appointed the new Defence Against the Dark Arts professor at Hogwarts. When Lockhart saw Harry for the first time, he got excited and beckoned him up to the front, allowing the audience to take pictures of them together before giving Harry a set of his books.  Harry was too embarrassed by this publicity stunt, and gave the books to Ginny since he could afford a set of his own. Draco went over to congratulate him for being unable to avoid making the front page when walking into a bookstore, but then his father moved him aside to have a one-on-one argument with Mr Weasley over the latter's obsession with Muggles (finding an example of which in Hermione's parents, both Muggle dentists), provoking Weasley into lunging at him. Hagrid broke up the fight just in time, but not before the senior Malfoy slipped a diary into Ginny's cauldron of school books.  Harry and Ron Weasley crossing the magical barrier to Platform 9¾ only to find it blocked When Harry and Ron tried to get onto Platform 9¾ to join Hermione and the rest of the Weasleys, the barrier mysteriously sealed, and they hit the wall. They missed the Hogwarts Express as a result, and decided to fly the car to Hogwarts, reasoning that they would not be seen due to the Invisibility Booster that Mr Weasley installed. However, the booster failed shortly after takeoff, and the car was
spotted by several Muggles as they flew northward alongside the train.  Their day-long flight ended with them crashing into the Whomping Willow, instead of with the graceful landing they imagined. Ron's wand was inadvertently broken by the resulting impact as the gigantic tree started pounding the car in anger of being hit, but luckily for them, the battered Angila broke free from the branches to eject Harry and Ron out of the front seat with their belongings before driving off into the Forbidden Forest. Both boys were found by Professor Snape watching the Sorting Ceremony from the window. They were taken to his office, where they were given separate detentions by Albus Dumbledore and professor Minerva McGonagall. Ginny Weasley, meanwhile, was sorted into Gryffindor.  Harry helping Lockhart answer fan-mail as detention before he heard the voice inside the walls The next day at breakfast, Ron received a Howler from his mother, who told him that he would be brought home if he broke another rule. The day only got worse when the Gryffindors attended their first Defence Against the Dark Arts class. Lockhart's teaching was a disaster, since the first thing he did was give them a pop quiz on himself and claimed the answers could be found in his books. He then let a cage of "freshly caught" Cornish Pixies loose and struggled to round them up, but ran to hide from them leaving his young pupils to save the day.  As the DADA lessons continued, Harry found himself having to act out scenes from Lockhart's books as he read them in class. Lockhart was in love with fame and kept bothering Harry, who had to help him answer his fan-mail while Ron had to polish the school's prizes and trophies. But he was not the only one who paid him extra attention: many first-year Gryffindors like Colin Creevey were star-struck by Harry, and Ginny had a huge crush on him that developed over the summer since she first saw the famous Potter on Platform 9¾ at the start and end of his first year. After hours of tedious work, Harry heard a disembodied, sinister voice, which Lockhart was unable to hear.  The trio attending Sir Nicolas's Deathday Party  In return for distracting Argus Filch just when he was about to give Harry severe punishment for something he did not do, Harry promised he would attend Nearly Headless Nick's Death-day Party on Hallowe'en. He did this as a favour in order to help boost Nick's reputation, so that he might achieve his desire of joining the Headless Hunt. He brought Ron and Hermione along, as well. Hermione was excited at the prospect of attending the event, as most living beings have not been to a Deathday Party. Ron on the other hand was not excited at attending the event. The writing on the wall and the petrified form of Mrs Norris The event was dismal and dreary. The party entailed a candlelit dinner of rancid, mouldy food, the smell of which caused all three to gag.
Harry knew the reason for this was the claim that a ghost can "almost taste" seriously spoiled food. Sir Nicolas was deeply touched that the three students put in an appearance, in part because it gave him a certain status in the eyes of his fellow deceased. But the three of them quickly grew tired of the ghostly party and returned to the Great Hall. Before they got to the Hallowe'en feast, Harry heard the voice (which Ron and Hermione also could not hear). He followed it to the second floor where he found the bathroom flooded and Mrs Norris, Filch's cat, petrified — coupled with a message on the wall.  Filch became distraught and threatened Harry, as he mistakenly believed Harry to be the culprit. Filch and Snape then tried to get Harry in trouble for this, but Dumbledore said that it was powerful dark magic that no second year student could perform. They decided that Sprout's mandrakes would be used, once they were mature enough, to create a draught capable of reviving Mrs Norris. This occurrence left the students and staff with a sense of dread and worry, as many believed that the writing on the wall was just the beginning.  Professor Binns telling his students the legend of the Chamber of Secrets Hermione wanted to research the Chamber of Secrets, so she talked History of Magic Professor Cuthbert Binns into telling the class about its origin. To begin the story, Binns explained that it all started with the founding of Hogwarts itself around 990 A.D., at the hands of two of the greatest wizards and two of the greatest witches of the age: Godric Gryffindor, Helga Hufflepuff, Rowena Ravenclaw, and Salazar Slytherin. But Slytherin got into an argument with the other founders about whether Muggle-borns should be admitted and, when the rift grew too large between him and Gryffindor, he left the school.   According to legend, he built a going-away present to the school in the form of a secret chamber that could only be opened by his true heir. This "Chamber of Secrets" allegedly contained a monster that, once released, would purge the school of all Muggle-borns. Professor Binns unsuccessfully tried to assure the class that the Chamber did not actually exist and that the school had been searched many times in vain.  Harry, Ron, and Hermione decided that the heir was probably Draco Malfoy. To try to prove it, Hermione proposed to use the Polyjuice Potion, which can change one's appearance into somebody else's for an hour. Hermione warned that the potion would take a month to brew, supposing they gathered all the necessary ingredients (one of which could only be found in Professor Snape's private inventory) and managed to keep it a secret.  Harry playing against Draco Malfoy in the opening match of the season During the month that it took the Polyjuice Potion to brew, a Quidditch match between Gryffindor and Slytherin took place. Draco Malfoy had been made Slytherin's new Seeker, on the merit of his father's generous
contribution to the team: a set of Nimbus 2001 brooms. During the match one of the Bludgers took after Harry and focused completely on him. Malfoy lost no time in making fun of the manoeuvres Harry had to perform in order to avoid the Bludger. Since Bludgers were supposed to attack each and every player, the crowd soon realised that this Bludger had been tampered with.   Harry still managed to catch the Snitch and Gryffindor won. He caught it right out from under Malfoy's nose, who was more focused on taunting Harry then looking for the Snitch. However, the Bludger broke his arm, and Lockhart, in his attempt to fix it, removed all of the bones instead. Madam Pomfrey gave Harry a potion called Skele-Gro to counter this, and he was forced to stay in the Hospital Wing overnight.  Dobby and Harry in the Hospital Wing, after Harry injured his right arm during a Quidditch match During that night, Dobby visited Harry and revealed that it was he who made the Bludger chase after Harry and was also responsible for the barrier of platform 9¾ not letting him in. Dobby did this in hopes of Harry leaving or never arriving at Hogwarts. This was a misguided attempt to protect Harry from the monster inside the chamber. Dobby proceeded to ask Harry to leave the school, something he refused to do. He also revealed that the Chamber of Secrets had been opened before and immediately punished himself, as he was not supposed to reveal anything. After Dobby disappeared, Dumbledore, McGonagall, and Madam Pomfrey entered with Colin Creevey, who had apparently been petrified. He was found with a camera containing film that had been burnt to the melting point.  Meeting of the Duelling club, where Harry and Draco participated in a practice duel Harry signed up for a Duelling Club, which was (to Harry's great displeasure) taught by his two least favourite teachers: Lockhart and Snape. The event was scheduled to take place in the Great Hall. During the club's first meeting Lockhart demonstrated an ineptitude. He was successfully disarmed by Snape and floundered throughout the entire practice duel. Also during a practice battle in the first meeting, Draco Malfoy conjured a snake to attack Harry. Malfoy conjured this snake via instructions from Snape. Lockhart tried to banish it, but all he managed was to set it loose on the students.  Harry saw that the snake was rapidly advancing on a Muggle-born student and Hufflepuff named Justin Finch-Fletchley (who had introduced himself to Harry before this incident) and instinctively told it to stop, which — to Harry's great surprise — it did. The others students were less than ecstatic about this development, however. All they saw was Harry speaking Parseltongue, the language of snakes, and became afraid. Since they could not understand it, it seemed to them that he was egging the snake on.   It turned out that Parseltongue was a very rare gift that was closely associated with Salazar Slytherin. This was something Slytherin was famous
for, hence why the symbol of Slytherin house is a serpent. Due to this, Harry became the number one suspect among students for being the heir of Slytherin. Hermione even told him that since Salazar Slytherin lived so long ago, he might actually be. His ability to speak Parseltongue also caused the student body to spread vicious rumours about him. They claimed that he could not be a decent wizard, since he could speak to snakes.   Harry meeting Fawkes for the first time after finding a petrified Justin Seconds after leaving a conversation with Hagrid, Harry ran into a petrified Justin Finch-Fletchley and a black, smoking Nearly-Headless Nick. Peeves alerted the whole school, and a Hufflepuff called Ernie Macmillan claimed that Harry had been caught red-handed. For the first time, Harry was taken to Dumbledore's office, and there he witnessed Fawkes — Dumbledore's phoenix — bursting into ashes and being reborn. Dumbledore says that he did not believe Harry to be behind the attacks, a belief reinforced by Hagrid backing Harry's alibi, but a large portion of the school was sure that Harry was Slytherin's heir.  The trio brewing Polyjuice Potion in an attempt to gain information from Draco Malfoy, disguised as Slytherins Harry, Ron, and Hermione all signed up to remain at the school during Christmas, since Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle had done so as well. This gave them the perfect opportunity to use their Polyjuice potion. When Christmas arrived they drugged Crabbe and Goyle via chocolate cakes, took their hairs and assumed their forms. Hermione tried to use a hair she thought belonged to Millicent Bulstrode, but it was actually her cat's and Hermione was transformed into a hybrid. Hermione was forced to spend a few weeks in the Hospital Wing.   Posing as Crabbe and Goyle, Harry and Ron interrogated an unsuspecting Malfoy and discovered that Draco was not the Heir of Slytherin. They also heard that the last time the Chamber was opened, a Muggle-born girl died and whoever was responsible was expelled. During the interrogation Malfoy also mentioned Dumbledore and Harry. He relayed his negative opinion of them, stating that Dumbledore was the worst thing to happen to Hogwarts. Malfoy also mentioned his father's secret stash of illegal artefacts that was kept within Malfoy Manor.  The trio discussing possible theories behind Tom Riddle's mysterious diary Weeks later, Ron and Harry overheard Argus Filch complaining about his workload and leaving. They arrive at Myrtle Warren's bathroom to find it flooded. A sulking ghost, Myrtle explained that she had flooded it because somebody threw a diary at her. Harry picked it up; it turned out to have belonged to a T.M. Riddle and appeared to be completely blank. Ron remembered from his detention that Riddle had won an award for special service to the school fifty years before. Hermione deduced that since this coincided with the last time the Chamber was opened, Tom Riddle might have received his prize for catching whoever was responsible for the attacks back then. Even though all attempts to
extract information from the diary failed, Harry felt a strange compulsion to keep it.  On Valentine's Day, Ron and Harry were dismayed to learn that Lockhart had spread dwarves dressed as cupids throughout the school to receive and deliver Valentines. One cupid-dwarf managed to deliver one to Harry. While struggling to avoid him, the embarrassed Harry tripped and fell, spilling ink all over the contents of his bag. Ginny noticed the diary and assumed a horrified expression.   Later, Harry realised that even though the ink was spilled all over the diary, it was not stained at all. He tried writing to the diary and, to his surprise, the diary — or rather T.M. Riddle — began to write back. Riddle explained that he was the one who caught the person who opened the Chamber of Secrets the last time, and he could show Harry what happened. Harry agreed and got sucked into a "recording" of Riddle's memory in 1943. Diary Riddle showing Harry a selected memory of his Harry witnessed the school's previous headmaster, Armando Dippet, informing Riddle that the school would be closed and Riddle, apprehensive of this, catching Rubeus Hagrid fiddling with a large spider in a box. Riddle reported Hagrid to Dippet. During the memory, Harry also learned that Riddle was an orphan that did not want to go back to the orphanage, and his full name was Tom Marvolo Riddle. Having seen this, Harry wondered whether Hagrid was the one who opened the Chamber fifty years before and whether he was responsible this time. This was exactly what Riddle wanted.  Harry's possessions were ransacked by a fellow Gryffindor in search of Tom Riddle's diary Harry, Ron, and Hermione decided not to ask Hagrid about it, hoping that the attacks had stopped — and indeed, almost four months after the attack on Justin and Nearly-Headless Nick, the disembodied voice kept quiet and the attacks seemed to have ceased. However, odd things kept happening: Harry returned to his dormitory one day to find it a mess. Ron deduced that somebody had been looking for something, and Harry eventually noticed that Tom Riddle's diary was gone. This greatly befuddled them, seeing as only a Gryffindor could know the password to enter the dormitory.  The next day, the scheduled Quidditch match between Gryffindor and Hufflepuff was cancelled due to yet another attack and Harry heard the voice again. This time, Minerva McGonagall called for Harry and Ron personally, and led them to the Hospital Wing, where they saw Hermione petrified. She was found near the library with a Ravenclaw prefect, inexplicably holding a small, circular mirror. This removed Harry as a suspect in the eyes of many of the students, as they knew he would never harm Hermione. Some students even offered him an apology, such as Ernie Macmillan.  Harry and Ron visiting Hagrid right before he was taken to Azkaban Harry and Ron decided they now must talk to Hagrid. With the now constant supervision on students, this was not easy, but they managed to
do it by using Harry's Invisibility Cloak. When they reach Hagrid's cabin, Harry and Ron managed to hide just before Dumbledore and Minister for Magic Cornelius Fudge arrived at the scene. Fudge announced that Hagrid, who to the best of his knowledge opened the Chamber of Secrets the last time, would be sent to wizard prison Azkaban as a precaution.   Harry and Ron hiding under the cloak They were shortly joined by Lucius Malfoy, who declared that he and the other Hogwarts governors unanimously voted to suspend Dumbledore, despite the obvious logic that this would only worsen the situation. Both Hagrid and Dumbledore gave last words, but Hagrid covertly suggested to Harry and Ron that if they want the truth, they should "follow the spiders", and Dumbledore said that he would only truly have left the school when none there remained loyal to him. He also stressed that if anybody at Hogwarts needed help, it would always be available.  Harry and Ron decided to follow the spiders as per Hagrid's advice. Walking along the trails of the spiders, which were strangely all fleeing Hogwarts, they went into the Forbidden Forest. Even though Ron was deeply arachnophobic, the fact that Hermione had been petrified and that they may be able to help through this investigation gave him the willpower to go along anyway. There, they encountered the Ford Anglia, which had apparently taken to driving through the forest like some sort of wild animal.  Harry and Ron following the spiders, which led them to Aragog They eventually meet Aragog, a giant spider which had been the monster that Hagrid had been "caught" setting on other students fifty years ago. Aragog explained that Hagrid was innocent, but rather than letting Harry and Ron go, he decided to leave them as dinner for his children. Mr Weasley's Ford Anglia came blasting through the layers of spiders, however, and assisted the boys' escape.  After this, Harry and Ron felt that they had reached dead ends everywhere, until one possible last hope occurred to them. Aragog said the monster's last victim died in a bathroom, and it occurred to Harry that Myrtle Warren might have been that victim. Of course, with the school under such security, it would be almost impossible to sneak in the girls' bathroom near where the first attack occurred.   Later that same day, Harry and Ron managed to trick Lockhart — who was leading them to their next class — into letting them go by stroking his ego. Just as they patted themselves on the back, they were caught by Professor McGonagall, and Harry had to make up an excuse — they were going to see Hermione in the Hospital Wing, where visitors were now barred. They now had to go along to make their story appear convincing, but rather than simply hanging around Hermione's petrified form, this time Harry noticed a piece of paper tightly clutched in her hand. Hermione Granger and the other petrified students being visited by Harry and Ron This piece of
paper revealed what Hermione had found out before she was attacked. She discovered, based on strong circumstantial evidence, that the monster in the Chamber of Secrets was a Basilisk (a giant slithering serpent capable of feeding on human and animal aura to cause petrifaction and death to anyone near it via direct eye contact), which explained why only Harry could hear it. But none of its victims died because they did not look directly at its gaze: Colin Creevey saw it through his camera, Justin Finch-Fletchley saw it through Nearly-Headless Nick (who was already dead), Mrs Norris saw its reflection in the waters from the flooded bathroom, and Hermione used a mirror to look around corners after figuring things out. There was also a note about how spiders feared the Basilisk (which explained them fleeing Hogwarts) and the rooster's call being potentially fatal to it (which explained Hagrid's roosters having been mysteriously killed during the year). This summed up the year's events.  The message written on the wall after Ginevra Weasley was taken into the Chamber of Secrets On the note was also scribbled a single word, "pipes", which meant that the serpent moved around through the plumbing. Having solved the mystery, Harry and Ron decided to go to the staff room and report to the teachers. When they got there, they overheard the teachers talking about another attack that had occurred. Harry and Ron decided to hide to hear more details, and learning that Ginny had been kidnapped and the heir of Slytherin had left another message under the previous one: Harry and Ron also heard that Hogwarts would be closed the following day. The teachers then forced Lockhart to deal with the monster, as he had been claiming that he could handle whatever was responsible for the attacks, irritating the rest of the staff to no end. Looking very crestfallen, he left for his room.  That night, Harry and Ron felt utterly useless and helpless, until it occurred to Harry that if the serpent used the plumbing to get around and the last time the chamber was opened a girl died, then the chamber entrance must be in the bathroom that Myrtle Warren haunted. Harry and Ron decided that if Lockhart was going to deal with the monster, they might as well tell him what they knew. They went to his room, only to find him frantically packing, having decided to run away. When questioned on why such a talented wizard as himself was leaving, Lockhart admitted that he was a fraud and that he put Memory Charms on the people who really did the things that he claimed to have done in his books.  Harry, Ron, and Lockhart discovering the entrance to the Chamber of Secrets He then attempted to put a memory charm on Harry and Ron as well. They managed to disarm him and under wand threats took him to Myrtle Warren's bathroom. Harry then asked Moaning Myrtle about her death, which she happily explained. She stated that the last thing she saw was
a pair of enormous eyes by one of the sinks. This sink incidentally had a tap that had never worked. Harry came to the conclusion that the tap can only be opened by the use of Parseltongue. He found a snake carved on the tap and then opened the entrance to the Chamber of Secrets.  The entrance into the main section of the chamber Harry, Ron, and Lockhart slid down a large pipe and found themselves in maze-like tunnels far under the school. Down there, they encountered a snake skin left by the Basilisk. Just then, Lockhart feigned fainting and stole Ron's wand. Victoriously proclaiming that he would erase Harry and Ron's memories and tell everybody that they lost their sanity at the sight of Ginny's mangled body, Lockhart attempted a spell. Ron's broken wand caused the charm to backfire, erasing Lockhart's memory and causing a portion of the ceiling to cave in. This trapped Harry in the direction of the chamber and Ron in the direction of the castle. Ron had no choice but to stay behind and clear a path through the rocks while Harry continued in search of Ginny. Harry then encountered a wall with stone snakes on it, opened it by speaking Parseltongue, and entered the Chamber itself.  Harry in the entrance chamber of the Chamber of Secrets Inside, he found Ginny lying on the ground, pale and cold. He dropped his wand and ran to her, trying to get a response from her, but to no avail. He then saw Tom Riddle smiling at him and holding Harry's wand. Riddle explained his presence in the present by revealing that he was a memory, which had been preserved in his diary for fifty years.  He then explained what had happened. Riddle had opened the Chamber of Secrets fifty years ago and planned to purge the school of Muggle-borns and half-bloods; however, when he learned that the school was going to close down due to the attacks and that Dumbledore (then the Transfiguration teacher) was keeping a closer and closer watch on him, he had no choice but to cease the attacks and frame Hagrid for doing it. Not wanting to waste all the years he had spent on figuring out where the Chamber was and how to get to it, he left behind a diary containing the memory of his sixteen-year-old self in hopes that it would, one day, fall into the hands of an unsuspecting victim who would help him finish his work.  Harry and an unconscious Ginny in the main chamber, with Riddle watching Ginny had been writing in the diary all year. Riddle had written back sympathetically and Ginny grew to confess her fears, hopes, and feelings to him. She essentially poured some of her soul into him, which was exactly what he wanted. He gradually grew more powerful and eventually managed to pour some of his soul back into her, possessing her and using her body to open the chamber and launch the new series of attacks.   However,
Ginny eventually became suspicious of the diary and decided to get rid of it by flushing it down the toilet in Myrtle Warren's bathroom. This is when Harry found it. When Ginny saw Harry with the diary on Valentine's Day, she panicked and worried that Riddle had told all of her secrets to Harry, so she stole it back from Harry's dormitory. It began taking control of her again, but this time with the intention of killing Harry, so he had Ginny write her own farewell on the wall and come down to wait, luring Harry to the rescue and, consequently, his doom.  I am Lord Voldemort Riddle then asked how Harry managed to defeat the Dark wizard Lord Voldemort as a mere baby. Harry asks Riddle why he cares, as Voldemort existed after his time. Riddle replies that Voldemort was his "past, present and future." He then wrote his name in the air with Harry's wand: TOM MARVOLO RIDDLE. Riddle then waved the wand and the letters rearrange themselves into I AM LORD VOLDEMORT. Needless to say, this meant that Riddle grew up to become Lord Voldemort. Riddle then revealed he was, in fact, a half-blood, and his mother had named him Tom after his Muggle father and Marvolo after his wizard grandfather, a descendant of Salazar Slytherin. He scrambled his "filthy Muggle father's name" to create a new one, which he knew that people would fear when he became the most powerful wizard in the world.  Harry retorted that he must be mistaken, because the greatest wizard in the world, as everybody knew, was not Voldemort, but Dumbledore. Even when Voldemort was at the peak of his power, he was afraid of Dumbledore, and now he was barely alive. Riddle angrily answered that Dumbledore had been driven out the castle by the mere memory of him. Harry yelled that Dumbledore was not as gone as Riddle seemed to believe. In this display of loyalty, he summoned Fawkes the phoenix to him, who also brought with him the Sorting Hat, both assets that Riddle deems extremely useless.  Harry slaying Slytherin's Basilisk with the Sword of Gryffindor Riddle then summoned the Basilisk and commanded it to kill Harry. However, Fawkes was not as defenceless as one might initially think, and pecked out the Basilisk's eyes, thus preventing its gaze from killing. The Basilisk could still smell Harry, however, and remained very dangerous; in desperation, Harry put on the Sorting Hat, wishing against hope for help. Instead of an answer, Harry had a heavy sword with a hilt embedded with rubies fall on his head from inside the hat. After several missed strikes from the blinded Basilisk, Harry plunged the sword into the roof of its mouth, killing it. However, one of its poisonous fangs sank into his arm, injecting a deadly poison. While Riddle gloated over his "win", Fawkes proceeded to cry on the wound and Harry was instantly cured.  Harry stabbing Tom Riddle's diary with a Basilisk fang (unknowingly destroying one of Voldemort's Horcruxes) Harry then stabbed
the diary three times with the Basilisk fang to rid himself of Riddle, unknowingly destroying one of Voldemort's Horcruxes in the process. Riddle's manifestation exploded, therefore foiling his attempt to return to life. Ink began pouring out of the book and the memory of Riddle faded out of existence; Ginny immediately stirred and woke up, quite distraught. Harry and Ginny travelled back through the Chamber to find Ron and Lockhart, who had no idea of who or where he was.  Harry, Ron, Ginny, and Lockhart grabbed onto Fawkes and flew out of the Chamber (another phoenix specialty). They returned to the castle to find Dumbledore, McGonagall, Arthur and Molly Weasley, who were delighted to see them alive. Harry worried that Ginny would get blamed for being the person behind the attacks, but to his great relief, Dumbledore rightly deduced that Voldemort was the culprit. After Ginny left to get a much-needed rest, Harry and Ron both received 200 house points each for Gryffindor and both got an Award for Special Services to the school. Dumbledore then gave Ron Hagrid's release paper for him to mail and then spoke with Harry alone.  Harry and Dumbledore talking after Harry slayed the Basilisk in the chamber Harry expressed his concern that he belonged in Slytherin. Dumbledore revealed that Voldemort transferred some of his powers to Harry when he gave him his scar, explaining his ability to speak Parseltongue. He asked Harry why he thought the Sorting Hat put him in Gryffindor if he had so many Slytherin qualities, and Harry admitted that the only reason it did was because he had asked it to. Dumbledore confirmed this and told Harry that "it is our choices, rather than our abilities, that reveal who we truly are". He also commended Harry for showing him real loyalty in the Chamber, for only that could have called Fawkes to his aid. He pointed out to the sword Harry had drawn out of the hat — Harry now noticed it had Godric Gryffindor's name on it. Dumbledore said that only a true Gryffindor would be able to draw it out.  Lucius Malfoy barged into Dumbledore's office, outraged that Dumbledore had returned to the school after being dismissed. Dumbledore calmly responded that the governors had asked him to return once they heard that Arthur Weasley's daughter was attacked. They apparently had been blackmailed by Lucius to vote for Dumbledore's dismissal in the first place on pain of Lucius cursing their families. Dobby followed Lucius into the room, thus showing that his masters were the Malfoys.  Harry freeing Dobby from his enslavement Dumbledore and Malfoy had a calm and venomous interchange (respectively), during which Dumbledore and Harry (with the help of Dobby's unspoken hints) essentially exposed Lucius sneaking Riddle's diary (one of his illegal artefacts) into Ginny's school things during the fight with Arthur at Flourish and Blotts. This was supposed to frame Ginny for the attacks, with heavy implications on the Muggle Protection Act that Arthur Weasley had been suggesting. Malfoy dared Dumbledore to prove his accusation,
and while the Headmaster has insufficient evidence to do that, he cautioned Malfoy against orchestrating further such plots.  Knowing that a master could release his house-elf by giving them some clothes, Harry tricked Malfoy into freeing Dobby by giving Malfoy one of his own socks, which he promptly threw away, and was caught by Dobby. After discovering Harry's trick, Malfoy attempted to kill Harry, only to be stopped by Dobby. Dobby thanked Harry dearly for freeing him and left. At the ending feast, Dumbledore announced his school treat of cancelling all final exams (much to Hermione's dismay) and that Lockhart would not return to Hogwarts.  Harry in his bedroom reading a Daily Prophet article Harry's third year in 1993 started out almost as bad as the year prior, and gradually got depressing. Throughout the preceding summer, the Dursleys became fearful of his magical abilities getting exposed that they banned him from talking to the neighbours immediately after his return home to them. They even went as far as punishing him for giving their phone number to his friends, as evident to Harry getting reprimanded by Uncle Vernon when the latter received a call from Ron.   This, however, did not stop Harry from studying magic every night by sneaking his school supplies and hiding them in his room one night while Aunt Petunia and Dudley were out admiring Vernon's new company car. Furthermore, he had little contact with his friends nor any news from the wizarding world since the phone incident, but Hedwig was allowed out of her padlocked cage because the Dursleys could no longer take the noise she made in boredom.  On 31 July (Harry's thirteenth birthday), which might have made the Dursleys forget about his birthday, for they were too busy preparing for a visit from Aunt Marge. The sight of a copy of the Daily Prophet among the mail from Errol interested Harry, as it said that Ron had returned from a trip to Egypt to visit his oldest brother Bill Weasley (a Curse-Breaker of Gringotts) for which Arthur Weasley paid using seven hundred galleons he won in the Daily Prophet Grand Prize Galleon Draw. The article also showcased a picture of the Weasleys standing in front of a pyramid. It was there that Ron bought Harry the most fascinating present: a Sneakoscope, which was sold for tourists. He also received birthday presents from Hermione and Hagrid as well.  An enraged Harry inflating Marge Dursley When his Hogsmeade permission form was delivered, Harry was worried of the trouble he'll probably go through in order to persuade his aunt or uncle to sign it. They agreed to do so the next morning, but only if he behaved during Marge's visit. However, Marge began insulting the memory of Harry's mother at the dinner table three days later, describing her as a "bad egg" who ran off with a "scoundrel" and left the Dursleys with Harry as the "result in front of them". Harry lost his temper to this, inadvertently making Marge's wine glass explode. 
The insults transitioned to his father on the final day of her visit, making him very upset to such extent that he ended up losing all control of his magic powers and accidentally inflated her with the Inflating Charm. Vernon ordered his nephew to put Marge back the way she was, but Harry said no and instead packed up his school things and left the house. He fled out of fear of being expelled from Hogwarts by the Ministry of Magic, for using underage magic outside school, something he had already been warned about.  Later that night, Harry was picked up off the curb of Magnolia Crescent by the triple-decker wizard transport the Knight Bus, which was sent to drive him as two members of the Ministry's Accidental Magic Reversal Squad were dispatched to deflate and Obliviate Marge. During the ride to the Leaky Cauldron, the bus' conductor Stan Shunpike gave him a copy of the Daily Prophet with its front page story being about the Ministry's continuing struggle to recapture Sirius Black, a convicted Voldemort supporter who recently escaped from the wizard prison Azkaban (the first person ever to have done so) after spending twelve years there for the mass-murder of thirteen people with a single Blasting Curse.  Minister Cornelius Fudge personally seeing that Harry was safe They arrived at their destination to find a relieved-looking Cornelius Fudge waiting at the restaurant door to welcome Harry in for a meeting. To Harry's relief though, the Minister for Magic took no action against him since accidental uses of magic did not count as a violation to the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery, but described the choice of running away as very irresponsible despite it putting the Ministry in a right flap. As a generous measure, Fudge booked the young wizard a room in the Leaky Cauldron Inn for the rest of the summer, though this made something about Fudge's tone spike Harry's suspicion.  When finished with his exploration of Diagon Alley for school supplies three weeks later, Harry found Ron and Hermione looking all over for him at Florean Fortescue's Ice Cream Parlour four days afterwards while the Weasleys were booking a room at the inn. They already heard of his inflation of Marge, and while Ron thought it funny, Hermione was amazed to learn that Harry was not expelled and wondered why Fudge really let him off the hook. Ron, however, was more concerned for his pet rat Scabbers, who was looking very ill since he was brought back from Egypt (possibly due to the stress of the trip), so he and Harry went over to the Magical Menagerie to buy a bottle of rat tonic for him.  Crookshanks in Magical Menagerie right before being purchased by Hermione While in Diagon Alley, Harry found it very interesting to learn from the saleswoman behind the counter that most rats have an expected life span of three years. He found this odd, since Scabbers originally belonged to Ron's older brother Percy Weasley. Thus Scabbers lived much
longer than Ron could remember, at least 12 years. As Ron declined the Saleswoman's offer to buy a sleek black rat as a replacement, a half-Kneazle cat named Crookshanks tried to attack Scabbers, who scurried away to hide in a wastepaper bin outside Quality Quidditch Supplies with his owner and Harry following. Hermione spent the early birthday money from her parents to buy the tonic and Crookshanks, much to Ron's displeasure.  Arthur Weasley warning Harry of the danger that he was possibly in When the rat tonic was misplaced somewhere around the Leaky Cauldron salon later that night, Harry volunteered to search for it there while Ron was busy helping Percy search for his new Head Boy badge in their room at the inn. But the conversation which a worried Molly Weasley was having with her husband soon caught his attention, so Harry listened to what they were saying about Sirius Black's escape, and what connection it had to Harry himself. According to Mr Weasley, when Voldemort met his downfall, Black lost everything he hoped to gain, but to that day he remained a faithful servant to the Dark Lord's cause.  The Ministry feared that the killer's motive was to use Harry to return his master to full strength, as evident to the report from Fudge's inspection of Azkaban saying that Black was repeatedly muttering "He's at Hogwarts" in his sleep. This shook Harry a little to the realisation that Fudge let him go because he was relieved to see Harry all right after running away. Though he was convinced that Hogwarts was a a safe haven because of the presence of Albus Dumbledore, the senior Weasleys agreed that Black could break into the school if he could break out of his Azkaban.  A Dementor entering the trio, Neville, and Ginny's compartment When they got onto Platform 9¾, Mr Weasley moved Harry aside to tell him not to go looking for Black, but Harry claimed that he would never look for someone who wanted him killed. He, Ron, and Hermione found only one empty compartment on the Hogwarts Express, but had to share with a friend of Harry's parents, Remus Lupin, who was recently appointed Hogwarts' new Defence Against the Dark Arts professor.    As Harry told his friends of what he heard about Black coming after him until, the train stopped almost halfway to Hogwarts, letting one of the Dementors (a gliding wraith capable of feeding on human happiness to cause depression and madness to anyone near it via mental energy draining) used as the Azkaban guards aboard to determine if Black himself was hiding on it. At some point Ginny and Neville entered the trio's compartment, as the presence of the Dementors frightened them. Lupin managed to drive the Dementor off with a disguised Patronus. A Dementor sucking all the happiness out of Harry Only Harry and Ginny Weasley were the most affected by the creature (since he had the worst past involving the night Voldemort killed his parents, and she had the worst experience
of being under the control of the sentient memory within Voldemort's old school diary the year before), and were about to fall victim to its fatal kiss when Lupin cast a Patronus Charm which drove it away. Harry fainted to the sound of his mother screaming, but recovered when Lupin gave him a piece of chocolate to feel better and sent a letter ahead to Professor Minerva McGonagall saying he was ill.  Harry's first Divination lesson involving tea leaves Lessons started the next day. Harry, Ron and Hermione headed to the North Tower for their first Divination lesson. They met Sybill Trelawney, who predicted future events using tea leaves. Harry saw a black dog in his tea cup, which Trelawney identified as the Grim, the omen of death.[84] This worried Harry, as he remembered the black dog he saw when he ran away. While in Transfiguration, Professor Minerva McGonagall assured Harry that Trelawney had predicted the deaths of a number of students, none of whom have died.[84]  Harry's first Care of Magical Creatures lessons involving hippogriffs For one, Hermione was taking nearly twice as many classes, including some taught at the same time. While Lupin's lessons were enjoyable, Hagrid's soon became dreary. In their Care of Magical Creatures lesson, Hagrid taught them about Hippogriffs. Although initially nervous, Harry successfully approached and rode a grey hippogriff named Buckbeak. During the first lesson, Draco Malfoy deliberately provoked the hippogriff into attacking him.[84]  This in turn cased Draco to tell his father of the provoked attack. Lucius Malfoy, then filed a complaint against Hagrid. Lucius filed this complaint with the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, more specifically the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures. Meanwhile, tensions grew between Hermione and Ron over Crookshanks's continuing habit of trying to harm Scabbers.  Lupin jumping in front of Harry's Boggart which had transformed into a Dementor Harry learnt that Black had been sighted near Hogwarts. During a Potions lesson, Malfoy hinted that Black may be connected to Harry's past. In Defence Against the Dark Arts, Lupin taught the third-years about Boggarts, shape-shifters that took the shape of a person's worst fear. The class then took on the Boggart, forcing it to assume a shape they find amusing. When it came to Harry's turn he was sure the Boggart would turn into a Dementor but Lupin jumped in and repeled the Boggart for him.[85] Faced by Lupin, the Boggart took the shape of a bright glowing orb. Harry was disappointed that Lupin did not let him fight the Boggart, thinking that Lupin felt he was not up to the task.  In October, the Gryffindor Quidditch team practised hard for the upcoming Quidditch season, especially since this was their team captain Oliver Wood's final year at Hogwarts. Oliver believed that despite the misfortune which occurred during the previous two years their team should be able to win the Quidditch Cup before he graduates. Third-years were also visiting Hogsmeade on Hallowe'en, and only Harry was not allowed, because his uncle did
not sign his permission form. Harry spent the day in Lupin's office, drinking tea with him. Lupin told him that he did not let Harry face the Boggart because he did not want the Boggart to become Lord Voldemort.[86] Shortly afterwards, Snape appeared with a mysterious potion for Lupin. Lupin claimed to simply have an illness, and that he was aided by the potion.  Fat Lady portrait slashed by Sirius Black A few hours later, Ron and Hermione returned from Hogsmeade. They reached the portrait of the Fat Lady and saw that it was slashed and that the Fat Lady was gone. Using his Animagus form, Sirius was able to enter the castle undetected. He made his way unseen all the way up to the entrance of Gryffindor Tower and changed back to his true form. However, The Fat Lady would not let him in without the password. Frustrated, Black slashed her portrait and fled. Peeves revealed Black to be the attacker, and that he had seen the Fat Lady fleeing through other portraits. Albus Dumbledore, Percy Weasley, and Argus Filch then went to locate her.[86]  Fred and George give Harry the Marauder's Map  During the last weekend before the holidays, while the eligible students visited Hogsmeade, Harry was yet again not able to go. To bring some Christmas cheer to Harry, Fred and George revealed that they knew secret passages in and out of Hogwarts. They gave Harry the Marauder's Map as a Christmas present and instructed him on how to use it. It showed Hogwarts' secret passages, corridors, classrooms, offices, common rooms, etc., as well as every person's location within the castle and the grounds.[73] Harry using the map to sneak off to Hogsmeade Harry used the Marauder's Map to sneak into Hogsmeade. He then met Ron and Hermione in Honeydukes, where they were discussing what kind of sweets to get Harry. They visited the Three Broomsticks, a pub run by Madam Rosmerta. When Cornelius Fudge, Minerva McGonagall, Filius Flitwick, and Rubeus Hagrid arrived, Harry hide underneath their table to avoid being seen. Harry used a tunnel to sneak into Hogsmeade village.  While sneaking back into the school, he overheard a disturbing conversation that had a severe impact on his mental state.[73] Sirius Black was his parents' best friend, and was his godfather and legal guardian. Black was the Potters' Secret Keeper and he allegedly divulged the Potters' secret whereabouts to Lord Voldemort and murdered their friend Peter Pettigrew, as well as twelve Muggle bystanders. Peter left a finger to prove that he had been killed with the twelve Muggles.[73]  Harry receiving a Firebolt for Christmas that was shortly confiscated by McGonagall After several Dementors approached Harry during a Quidditch match, causing him to faint and fall off his broomstick. Albus Dumbledore stopped Harry's fall, but his Nimbus 2000 flew into the Whomping Willow and was destroyed, much to Harry's dismay. At Christmas, Harry received a new, superb Firebolt broomstick, although Hermione suspected Black was the anonymous donor. She reported it to Professor Minerva McGonagall,
who confiscated the broom for testing.[87]  Harry and Ron were furious with Hermione and they stopped speaking to her. When the broom was returned some months later, the two boys tried to make up with her, but it went wrong when Ron discovered Scabbers was missing. Ron blamed Crookshanks because he found cat hairs and blood on his dormitory floor. The perceived loss of Scabbers upset Ron greatly, the twins and Harry were unable to cheer Ron up.[88]  Lupin and Harry's anti-Dementor lessons, during which Harry produced an incorporeal Patronus Harry started his lessons with Lupin. Lupin told Harry that the spell to drive off Dementors is called the Patronus Charm. Lupin then instructed him in how to cast one, and lets him practise on a Boggart. Harry failed to produce a Patronus at first. This, however, was to be expected; the Patronus Charm was well beyond O.W.L. standard. During his first lesson, Harry learned that Lupin was a friend of his father James during their days at Hogwarts, and that he knew Sirius Black as well.[88]  By February, Harry had became quite good at producing a Patronus after a few lessons, but did not master it entirely. At the end of a lesson, Lupin explained the concept of a Dementor's Kiss and revealed that it would be Black's punishment, as an article in the Daily Prophet confirmed that the Ministry gave the Dementors permission to use the Kiss on Black when they find him. While thinking about the horror of the punishment, Harry ran into McGonagall on his way back to Gryffindor Tower. McGonagall gave Harry back the Firebolt, which had been proven not to be jinxed, and suggested that he practise with it before the match.[88]  Harry letting Ron ride his Firebolt around the Quidditch pitch Harry met up with Ron and they decided to go make up with Hermione. Outside Gryffindor Tower, they bumped into Neville who was in trouble because he lost a list. After the pair let him in, Neville told Harry and Ron that he made a list of the passwords for Gryffindor Tower because Sir Cadogan was still changing them twice a day but somehow they got lost. Harry attempted to patch things up with Hermione but Scabbers disappeared after they arrived at Gryffindor Tower, ruining any chance for Ron and Hermione's reconciliation.[88]  Harry winning the Quidditch Cup for Gryffindor As March arrived, a new Quidditch match approached: Gryffindor vs. Ravenclaw. Harry spent the last practice session before the match getting used to his Firebolt. During the game, just as Harry was about to catch the Snitch, fourth-year Seeker Cho Chang screamed. Harry looked around and saw three Dementors in the stands. He reacted instantly, sending a full-fledged Patronus at the Dementors. Harry caught the Snitch before Cho Chang, which led to Gryffindor winning the match. Gryffindor would later play Slytherin and win the Quidditch Cup.[89]   After Harry completed his Divination exam, Professor Trelawney entered a trance and predicted that the Dark Lord's servant would return to him
that night. Harry and Ron finally made peace with Hermione, but the trio soon learned that Buckbeak would be executed. When they visited Hagrid to console him, Scabbers appeared, and Ron picked him up. Cornelius Fudge, Albus Dumbledore and the executioner were making their way to Hagrid's hut, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione made their way out the back door. Sirius Black capturing Ron and dragging him to the Whomping Willow As they were walking up the path, they thought they heard Buckbeak executed, when all of a sudden, Scabbers bit Ron, and Ron chased him to the Whomping Willow. A large dog attacked Ron and dragged him and Scabbers into a hole at the tree's base. Harry and Hermione followed, finding a tunnel leading to the Shrieking Shack. Inside, Harry confronted Sirius Black, who, as an unregistered, and therefore illegal, Animagus, could transform into an animal at will.  The trio encountering Sirius Black in the Shrieking Shack Lupin, who spotted the group on the Marauder's Map, suddenly burst in and embraced his old friend Black. Harry, Ron and Hermione refused to believe that Pettigrew was alive, pointing out that he was murdered by Black. Black denied this, and Lupin convinced him to tell Harry the truth of what happened. Lupin told the story about his time at Hogwarts; he had been bitten as a child, and Dumbledore took precautions for his stay at Hogwarts, having the Shrieking Shack and the passage leading to it built to provide Lupin with a safe place to transform.The Whomping Willow was planted on the entrance to the tunnel to prevent anyone from running into the transformed Lupin. The rumours that the Hogsmeade residents started about the Shack being haunted by violent ghosts were allowed to spread to keep people from guessing that it was actually a werewolf making those sounds.[90]  Eventually, Lupin's friends, Sirius, Pettigrew and James Potter, discovered Lupin's secret, and became Animagi to support him. Sirius became a dog to keep Lupin under control with James, and Pettigrew became a rat so he could disable the Willow by scurrying under its branches and touching a certain spot on its trunk. Lupin admitted that he has not told Dumbledore about Sirius being an Animagus, as it would have meant admitting that he had betrayed his trust and led three students into illegally becoming Animagi. He also revealed the reason for Snape's animosity towards him during the year: during their days at school, Sirius had played a near-fatal trick on Snape involving Lupin in his transformed form but James saved him. Snape thought both of them were involved with Sirius' trick. Just then, Snape arrived using Harry's Invisibility Cloak, which he had left at the foot of the Whomping Willow.[90]  Sirius and Lupin forcing Pettigrew back into human form Snape was knocked out by Harry, Ron and, Hermione who all tried to disarm Snape at the same time. Harry was sceptical, until Black and Lupin forced Pettigrew back into his human form. This came as a huge shock to Harry, Ron, and
Hermione. It was especially shocking to Ron, as Scabbers had been his pet for the last three years and had slept in their dormitory. Black then explained he discovered that Pettigrew was still alive and escaped Azkaban to seek revenge, as well as to make sure that Pettigrew could not harm Harry. Harry stopped Black and Lupin from murdering Pettigrew, believing that his father would not have wanted his two best friends to become killers.[69]  As the group headed back to the castle, the full moon rose, causing Lupin to turn into a werewolf. During the ensuing commotion, Pettigrew escaped, while Sirius turned into his dog form to protect the others from Lupin. Lupin fled, leaving Black badly injured. As Dementors moved in to attack Black, Harry saw a mysterious figure in the distance cast a powerful stag-shaped Patronus, scattering the vicious creatures. Harry became convinced it was his father, or at least his father's spirit, who produced the Patronus. Black was then captured and taken to the castle where the Dementors intended to suck out his soul.  Harry and Hermione using the Time-Turner in order to save Buckbeak and Sirius Black Hermione revealed to Harry that she was entrusted with a time-travelling device, called a Time-Turner, which was how she was able to attend so many classes. Prompted by Dumbledore, she and Harry travelled three hours into the past, watching themselves go through the night's previous events. They freed Buckbeak and returned to the Whomping Willow. As the Dementors were about to attack the "other" Harry and Sirius, Harry realised that the mysterious figure he saw earlier was actually himself. He cast the powerful Patronus that repelled the dementors. Harry and Hermione freed Black, who escaped on Buckbeak, as they rushed back to where they were before. As they saw Dumbledore exiting the hospital wing, they completed their journey.  Harry and Hermione rescuing Sirius and Buckbeak After Sirius was revealed to have once again escaped, Severus Snape burst into the hospital wing and blamed Harry, but left when he was unable to convince anyone without any proof. Fudge said he would remove the Dementors because they tried to perform their kiss on Harry. Draco Malfoy was furious that Buckbeak escaped, while Hagrid was ecstatic. Professor Lupin resigned after Snape "accidentally" revealed that he was a werewolf. Harry the previous nights events Harry visited Lupin in his office, during which the map was returned to him.  When Harry told Dumbledore about Professor Trelawney's prophecy, Dumbledore encouraged him to not feel guilty about letting Pettigrew live. On the train back, Harry received a letter from Sirius, telling him that he sent him the Firebolt, and included a letter giving Harry permission to visit Hogsmeade. The letter was delivered by a small minute owl, which Sirius gives to Ron as a replacement for Scabbers. The owl was later named Pigwidgeon by Ginny.  Harry woke up from a nightmare at the Dursleys' house on Privet Drive. He experienced a vivid dream, regarding Muggle Frank Bryce. Bryce had learned of Voldemort's
plans to reward Pettigrew for his help in capturing Bertha Jorkins. Jorkins was a Ministry employee, who Voldemort extracted information from before murdering. Frank was eventually discovered by Voldemort's snake Nagini. The Dark Lord, unhappy that the elderly gardener was spying on him, cast the Killing Curse, ending the elderly gardener's life. After which Harry woke up with his scar hurting and considered writing to his friends and even Dumbledore, but eventually decided to write a letter to Sirius. He did not mention the dream, just that his scar was hurting and planned to send the letter once Hedwig returned.  Harry and others watching Bill and Charlie joust with tables at The Burrow The next day, a letter from Mrs Weasley addressed to the Dursleys arrived and she asked if Harry could join Hermione and the Weasley family to go to the Quidditch World Cup final between Ireland and Bulgaria. The letter upset Vernon and he intentionally said no, but one mention of Sirius Black was enough to convince him to let Harry go. Harry immediately wrote back to Ron and on Sunday afternoon, the Weasleys attempted to use Floo powder to access the Dursley household. They did this unaware that the Dursleys had an electric fireplace, which resulted in Mr Weasley destroying half the sitting room. One of the twins purposely dropped a Ton-Tongue Toffee as a means of product testing, which Dudley ate. Things only got worse form that point forward and resulted in Vernon throwing figurines at Mr Weasley.  Harry attends the 1994 Quidditch World Cup with Herrmione and the Weasleys On 25 August, 1994 Harry, the Weasley family (besides Mrs Weasley), and Hermione Granger attended the Quidditch World Cup. At Stoatshead Hill, Cedric Diggory and his father, Amos joined them. Once at the camp grounds, they met Ludo Bagman, Barty Crouch Snr with his house-elf Winky, and many other Hogwarts students and their families, including: Seamus Finnigan, Dean Thomas, Oliver Wood, and Draco Malfoy. They were able to see the match between the Irish and Bulgarian national teams up close, because Harry, the Weasleys, and Hermione had seats in the Top Box, thanks to a favour Mr Weasley had done for Ludo Bagman. It was during this World Cup that Harry learned of the existence of foreign wizarding schools, something he had not given any thought to before the cup.  Death Eaters causing a riot, attacking the Muggle Roberts family The night after the match, while the Irish team's supporters were still celebrating, a group of black-cloaked, hooded figures held terrifying celebrations of their own by suspending the Muggle camp site manager and his family in air like twisted marionettes done via Levicorpus. They also proceeded to pillage and destroy everything in sight. On Mr Weasley's orders, Harry fled into the woods near the camp site, along with Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, and Ginny. The group was separated in the woods and the trio were on their own. In the chaos Harry had lost his wand, he speculated that it most have fallen out of
his pocket at some point. The trio ran into Draco Malfoy in the woods, and he all but told them that his father was among the cloaked wizards. Malfoy also gave a nasty bit of advice to the trio regarding Hermione's blood status, saying that she would be safer out of the hooded figures' sight.   The reappearance of the Dark Mark at the 1994 Quidditch World Cup Later, Harry learned that Barty Crouch Jnr had stolen his wand from his pocket. While in a clearing in the woods, Harry, Ron, and Hermione heard someone shout the incantation Morsmordre, casting the Dark Mark — a green skull with a snake protruding from its mouth like a tongue — into the sky. Although Harry did not immediately recognise its significance, he soon learned that the Dark Mark had evil implications. Then, Barty Crouch Snr, Amos Diggory, and other Ministry of Magic employees Apparated into the clearing and began to question Harry, Ron, and Hermione about the Dark Mark. After Harry mentioned he had heard another voice conjure the Dark Mark, the Ministry employees searched the area and found the house-elf Winky unconscious in the bushes. Since Harry's wand was found in Winky's hand, Mr Crouch fired her for bringing shame to his family.  At the Hogwarts start-of-term feast, Professor Dumbledore announced that Hogwarts would host the Triwizard Tournament, a recently revived inter-school competition in which the Beauxbatons Academy of Magic and the Durmstrang Institute would also participate. New rules stated that only students seventeen and older could compete, for safety reasons. Also, during the start of term feast, Dumbledore introduced "Mad-Eye" Moody, an ex-Auror, as the newly appointed Defence Against the Dark Arts professor. This news was greeted with a mixture of responses, as Moody was known to be a great Auror, a little crazy, and to have a magical eye, earning him the nickname "Mad-Eye" Moody.  A Defence Against the Dark Arts lesson on the Unforgivable Curses During the first lesson with Moody on a Thursday, he reveals tht he will only be staying for the year and decides to show the fourth-year Gryffindors the Unforgivable Curses. Despite some fear amongst the students (especially Neville, who needs comfort from both the trio and Moody after the lesson; Moody later lends Neville a Herbology book to cheer him up), Moody shows the entire class the three curses using spiders as his test subjects: the Imperius Curse, Cruciatus Curse, and Killing Curse . He also reveals the the use of these spells gain the user a one way ticket to Azkaban.  The Goblet of Fire selecting Harry as the unexpected fourth champion Around Hallowe'en, the students from Beauxbatons Academy of Magic and Durmstrang Institute arrived at the school. The arrival of famous international Quidditch Star Viktor Krum caused a lot of excitement, particularly among girls. Viktor Krum, Fleur Delacour, and Cedric Diggory were all chosen to represent their respective schools in this tournament. However, Harry was mysteriously chosen as a fourth competitor. This came as a shock for all those
present, due to the fact that he was under-age and that he never entered his name into the Goblet of Fire during the selection process. Many people (even Ron and fellow Gryffindors) did not believe Harry's story. They thought this to be nothing but another attempt to gain even more fame and eternal glory. This caused extreme tension between the two friends and they did not speak again for a long time. Ron started spending more time with Dean Thomas and Seamus Finnigan.  Hermione on the other hand "accepted his story without question" and explains the reason behind Ron's recent actions toward Harry, stating that it steams from jealousy. She later assisted Harry in preparing for the Tournament by teaching him useful spells, such as the Summoning Charm. Harry used this charm in the first task of the Tournament. The champions were to face three dangerous challenges on their way to the Triwizard Cup. These challenges were in correspondence to the four elements.  Rita Skeeter interviewing Harry during the wand weighing ceremony A few days after his name unexpectedly came out of the Goblet, Harry attended the wand weighing ceremony, where his wand was inspected. After examining the other champion's wands, Ollivander examines Harry's and deems it in perfect condition. After the champions and judges go through a long photoshoot, Harry goes to dinner and then returns to Gryffindor Tower. Once in the tower Ron tells him that he has an owl and that their detention starts later. The letter is from Sirius telling Harry he will contact him on 22 November at 1:00 a.m. Harry must be alone at the fireplace in the Gryffindor common room at that time. There the notorious Daily Prophet reporter Rita Skeeter asked him many leading questions, took everything he said out of context, and wrote a ludicrous article about him and Hermione.  The result of Draco and Harry's duel outside of Potions class, after having teased Harry This article was titled "HARRY POTTER'S SECRET HEARTACHE". The piece claimed that Hermione was Harry's girlfriend and that she was toying him around by seeking the affections of Viktor Krum, who himself was very much smitten with her. Harry faced even more turmoil during this time, as the majority of the student body was making everyday life difficult for him. Hufflepuff believed that Harry was stealing spotlight from their house and Draco Malfoy was doing everything in his power to make Harry even more miserable. He accomplished this by making and mass producing "POTTER STINKS" badges, which many students proceeded to wear around. Malfoy had also taking to commenting and reading aloud Rita Skeeter's articles every chance he got, making Harry very uncomfortable.  In the first task, each champion needed to get past a dragon in order to collect a golden egg. Harry received help from Hagrid, who showed the dragons to him and Madam Maxime. Realising that every champion but Cedric had found out about the dragons, Harry told Cedric about the first task. He did this as a way of levelling the
playing field. The newly appointed Defence Against the Dark Arts professor, Alastor Moody, witnessed Harry telling Cedric but did not report him. Instead he advised Harry to play to his strengths, hinting that he should use his flying ability to get the golden egg.  Harry facing a Hungarian Horntail in the first task of the Triwizard Tournament Four different dragons were chosen for each of the champions to face. On 24 November, Fleur ended up with the Common Welsh Green, Cedric with the Swedish Short-Snout, Viktor Krum with the Chinese Fireball, and Harry faced the Hungarian Horntail (the most dangerous of the four). Harry used a Summoning Charm to bring him his Firebolt and dodged the Hungarian Horntail to get the golden egg. Harry escaped the dangerous task with a mild cut to the arm, due to being grazed by one of the Horntail's spikes.   Harry proved to be the fastest when it came to capturing his egg, which earned him a compliment from Professor McGonagall. He and Viktor Krum tied for first at the end of the task. After seeing how dangerous the task was, Ron decided that Harry did not put his own name in the Goblet. He also came to the conclusion that someone was trying to kill Harry and made amends with him after months of not speaking. Harry was so relieved that Ron had come to his senses that he instantly forgave him.  Between the first and second tasks, the Yule Ball, a Triwizard Tournament tradition took place on Christmas. Ron, dismayed to discover that Viktor Krum had asked Hermione to go with him, called her out for "consorting with the enemy", though he and Hermione acted as if they had not fought the following day. Harry asked his long-time crush Cho Chang to attend the Yule Ball with him, but was disappointed to learn that she had already accepted an invitation from Cedric Diggory, a fellow champion. Harry and Ron ended up attending with Parvati and Padma Patil, respectively.  Harry and Parvati dancing at the Yule Ball on Christmas Day While at the ball both Harry and Ron ended up neglecting their dates. Harry watched Cho with Cedric and Ron was overcome with jealousy for Viktor Krum, who danced with Hermione. After the Yule Ball, Rita Skeeter struck again. She had overheard Hagrid telling Madame Maxime about his family and his heritage. She then wrote an article exposing Hagrid as a half-giant, and he was so ashamed that he stopped teaching and stopped coming to meals in the Great Hall. Dumbledore tried to bring him around by visiting his hut, but to no avail. Only after Harry, Ron, and Hermione proved that they still liked and that it did not matter to them that he was half-giant did he finally return to his post.  Harry in the prefect's bathroom working out the clue of the golden egg To prepare for the second task, Harry was told that he had to open the egg he had won from the dragon, but
every time he did, it let out a horrifying screech. His rescue from that particular problem came when Cedric Diggory paid him back with the information that he would figure it out if he were to "mull things over in the hot water" with the egg. Harry reluctantly followed this advice and decided to take a bath in the prefects' bathroom. He had an uncomfortable exchange with Moaning Myrtle, and on the way back to the common room, he ran into Professors Snape and Moody. The latter informed Harry of Barty Crouch Snr's obsession with catching Dark wizards.  Harry meeting the Merpeople colony in the Black Lake during the second task Harry learned that the second task was going into the Black Lake to rescue "the thing they would miss most" from the merpeople. Harry's new problem was how he was going to survive underwater for an hour. He got his answer in the form of gillyweed from Dobby, who had come to work at Hogwarts. The second task took place on 24 February. Harry was able to save Ron, but when he reached him he was shocked to find Hermione, Cho, and Gabrielle Delacour (Fleur's sister), there as well. After the other hostages were rescued, Harry hung around and saved Gabrielle, as well as Ron. The judges were then informed that Harry reached to hostages first. He was outside the hour that had been allotted, although doing so earned him extra points for "moral fibre". After the second task had finished, Harry and Cedric were tied for first, Viktor was in second, and Fleur was in last place.  The trio visiting Sirius in the cave in which he was hiding After Harry was mysteriously entered in the Triwizard Tournament, Sirius hid in a cave near Hogsmeade, where Harry, Ron, and Hermione occasionally visited him, and provided mostly moral support to Harry during this time. Sirius warned him about Igor Karkaroff, the Durmstrang headmaster, telling Harry that Karkaroff used to be a Death Eater and that he gave up a considerable number of names in exchange for his freedom. Harry told Sirius about seeing the name "Bartemius Crouch" appear on the Marauder's Map when he was working on the second clue. Sirius admitted that it was fishy, but told Harry to focus on the task at hand and leave the mystery surrounding Crouch to others.  A month before the final task, the Champions were shown the beginnings of the challenge. Harry and Cedric both expressed horror at the sight of the Quidditch pitch being turned into the hedge maze, put were quickly reassured by Bagman that it would be put right after the Tournament. They were told the third and final task was going into a maze filled with obstacles to find the Triwizard Cup. On the way back to the castle, Krum took Harry aside to ask him something. Thinking that this was something important, Harry went with him.  Hermione receiving hate mail from in response to Skeeter's article about her and Harry Krum then asked Harry
about his relationship with Hermione, in whom Krum was deeply interested. Harry told him that there was nothing between him and Hermione and that she was just a friend. He also told Krum not to believe anything Rita Skeeter, who had recently written in Witch Weekly that there was a Harry-Hermione-Krum love triangle, wrote about him. This supposed love triangle also led to Hermione receiving numerous amounts of hate mail. At that moment, Barty Crouch Snr appeared in the forest disoriented and asking for Dumbledore. He disappeared when Harry went to fetch Dumbledore.  Harry preparing to enter Dumbledore's Pensieve without permission During a Divination lesson, Harry passed out and had a vision of Voldemort being informed of someone's death and him torturing Wormtail for failing to prevent someone from escaping. Harry awoke with his scar badly hurting and pretended he needed to go to the hospital wing, he actually went to see Dumbledore. Once in the headmaster's office, Harry overheard an argument between Dumbledore, Moody, and Cornelius Fudge, regarding the Barty Crouch situation: Fudge refused to believe the words that Crouch said about Bertha Jorkins being dead and, while debating what had happened to Crouch, Fudge suggested that Madame Maxime was the likely culprit given her half-giant physiology. Dumbledore then accused the Minister of acting on personal prejudice, which he ignored due to Dumbledore's friendship with Hagrid. Moody interrupted the debate to explain that Harry had arrived.  Harry witnessing the trial of the Lestranges and Barty Crouch Jnr through the pensieve Harry was left alone in the office after Dumbledore, Fudge, and Moody left to examine the school grounds. While looking around, Harry noticed Dumbledore's Pensieve. Through curiosity, Harry peered in and ended up looking into three of Dumbledore's memories, from the days immediately after the end of the First Wizarding War. The first was the trial of Igor Karkaroff, in which he renounced his support of the Death Eaters and gave the names of existing Death Eaters, including Snape. Dumbledore (in the memory) stated that Snape had defected the Death Eaters and was a spy against Voldemort and no longer a threat.   The second memory showed the trial of Ludo Bagman, who was accused of passing information to Voldemort, but his popularity quickly cleared him. The third was the trial of the Lestranges (Bellatrix, Rodolphus, and Rabastan) and Crouch's son, for the use of the Cruciatus Curse on Alice and Frank Longbottom. Crouch sentenced them all to a lifetime in Azkaban.  To prepare for the final task, Harry, Ron, and Hermione used vacant classrooms to practise spells and jinxes. In Divination class between two of these study periods, Harry dozed off dreaming about Voldemort and left the classroom in a disturbing fashion. Rita Skeeter had witnessed this event and she wrote, on 24 June, 1995, the day of the final task, that Harry was "disturbed and dangerous". This did nothing to boost Harry's morale, but when he spent the day with Bill and Molly Weasley, they cheered him up. They also came to watch the final
task as his substitute family.[47]  Harry in the hedge maze with an Imperiused Viktor Krum Harry successfully navigated the maze with the aid of the Four-Point Spell. He got past both a Blast-Ended-Skrewt and a Boggart disguised as a Dementor. Along the way, he heard Fleur scream. Harry rescued Cedric, who had been attacked by an bewitched Krum; Harry managed to stun Krum and send out a signal for Krum to be rescued before he and Cedric moved on. Harry managed to pass a sphinx.[47]  During this final event, Harry saved Cedric from an Acromantula and Cedric being grateful offered Harry the cup. Both Hogwarts champions then showed supreme sportsmanship and cooperation despite the tension brought on by the maze. They agreed to touch the Triwizard Cup simultaneously, as it would be a Hogwarts victory either way, which would result in tie for first place. Harry and Cedric were unaware that the cup was actually a portkey and were transported to the graveyard in Little Hangleton.[47]  Cedric's murder at the hands of Peter Pettigrew and Lord Voldemort This graveyard was the Riddle family's final resting place, where Lord Voldemort was waiting. Just as Harry and Cedric are trying to figure out what happened, someone appears and Harry's scar begins hurting again. Acting on Voldemort's orders, his servant Wormtail murdered Cedric with the Killing Curse. Harry saw a flash of green light and heard Cedric's body hit the graveyard's ground with a thud. Harry is then dragged to a large marble tombstone, with the name Tom Riddle engraved upon were he is bound. From there he was forced to witness a ritual in which Pettigrew used some of Harry's blood to restore Voldemort's body. The Death Eaters were summoned to the cemetery.  After his Death Eaters arrived, Voldemort spends time criticising them for failing to seek him out during these last thirteen years, even though they knew that he had found a way to escape mortal death. He then rewards Wormtail for aiding with his rebirth by creating a new silver hand for him. The Dark Lord identifies more Death Eaters and reveals that this servant who is at Hogwarts has ensured that Harry would win the tournament and be brought to the graveyard. Voldemort then frees the injured and weakened Harry and orders him to face him in a duel, wishing to prove who among the two is stronger in front of his minions now that there is no one around to protect Harry.  Harry duelling Voldemort in a battle of wills, triggering the effect of Priori Incantatem When Harry refused to observe the formalities of a wizard's duel, Voldemort used the Imperius Curse to force Harry to bow to him. Voldemort then tortured him by subjecting him to the Cruciatus Curse and attempted to use the Imperius Curse again, but Harry was able to resist it the second time. When it didn't work he tried to murder Harry using the Killing Curse. Harry fired back with the Disarming Charm. The nature of their wands' mystical connection
caused their magical streams to interlock, which created an effect called Priori Incantatem (the reverse spell effect). Harry and Voldemort then engaged in a battle of will. After Harry was momentarily shielded by the echoes of Lord Voldemort's previous victims, including Harry's parents and Cedric. Cedric's echo asked Harry to return his body to his parents. This bought Harry some time to grab Cedric's body and the Portkey.  The truth about Barty Crouch Jnr is exposed Chaos erupted when an exhausted Harry returned to Hogwarts with Cedric's dead body in tow. Mad-Eye Moody then took Harry to his office. It was uncovered that Barty Crouch Jnr, who had willingly taken the Dark Mark as a young man, was throughout the school year disguised as Moody. Crouch (disguised as Moody) tried to interrogate him about Voldemort's return. He wanted to murder Harry, but Albus Dumbledore and several other members of the Hogwarts staff arrived to stop him. Under the influence of Veritaserum, Crouch confessed everything.  Harry recovers in the hospital wing surrounded by his friends In a terrible turn of fate Crouch's soul was extracted by the Dementor's Kiss, from the Dementor that accompanied Cornelius Fudge. Fudge felt that his personal safety was in jeopardy, hence why he brought the Dementor. As a result, Crouch Jnr could not give testimony and the Ministry of Magic began to dispute Harry's and Dumbledore's insistence that Voldemort had returned. The Minister refused to believe Harry's account of Voldemort's return, even when he was supported by Albus Dumbledore. This was due to Fudge not wanting the peace and tranquillity they worked so hard for to be destabilised by this announcement. The Ministry publicly denied the Dark Lord's return and branded Harry and Dumbledore either liars or nutters in the press. Voldemort and his Death Eaters took advantage of this to operate in secret, while Dumbledore called for a reconstitution of the Order of the Phoenix.  Harry with others in 12 Grimmauld Place preparing to clean Witnessing Cedric Diggory's murder was very difficult for Harry, and it was not helpful that he was forced back to number 4 Privet Drive in the school holidays. He suffered constant nightmares and flashbacks. Also his friends, Ronald Weasley and Hermione Granger seemed to block him from information and he was blocked entirely from the wizarding world except for the Daily Prophet that said that Harry was wrong. To make things worse than they were already, on 2 August someone sent Dementors to attack Harry in the Muggle town of Little Whinging, in an attempt to neutralise him. He was forced to perform a Patronus Charm in order to save Dudley and himself.  After Harry explained to the Dursleys about the Dementor's abilities, Vernon blamed Harry and was ready to throw Harry out. He had always yearned to do so since the family received Harry, when Petunia received a Howler. Before she had an opportunity to open the letter, it burst into flames and a menacing voice said, "Remember my last, Petunia". Petunia then immediately convinced her husband
to let Harry remain at Privet Drive and told him that he needed to stay in his room. Harry, having no idea of what was going on, retreated to his room and proceeded to stay there.  Harry's hearing for using magic in front of a Muggle Subsequently, Harry was formally accused of performing underage magic in the presence of a Muggle and was expelled, but thanks to Albus Dumbledore's intervention, this was changed to a disciplinary hearing in front of the entire Wizengamot at the Ministry of Magic on 12 August. In a further attempt to discredit Harry, the Ministry changed the time and location of the hearing at the last minute, but Harry was able to make it there just minutes late. He was threatened with expulsion from Hogwarts, but was exonerated with help from Dumbledore, who had a witness and legal loopholes to help him.  Umbridge teaching a purely theoretical DADA lesson In retaliation against Dumbledore, Minister for Magic Cornelius Fudge appointed Dolores Umbridge, his Senior Under-Secretary, as the new Hogwarts Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher so that she could spy on the school. She was later appointed Hogwarts High Inquisitor, empowered to arbitrarily change and impose school rules whenever she chose. She made numerous rules that the students were expected to follow and if they did not, harsh punishments would be enacted. Umbridge proved to be sadistic and cruel, with a personality that resembled poisoned honey.  Harry hated her on sight and she had a deep dislike for him as well. This dislike bordered on hatred and came about because of her inability to control him. Every time Harry spoke out of turn or even mentioned Voldemort, Umbridge threw him into detention. The detentions he had with her were torturous, forcing him to write with a Black Quill, forced to scribe the message "I must not tell lies". The Black Quill was of her own invention, it wrote with his own blood and carved the same writing into the flesh on the back of his hand. Harry had to endure numerous sessions with the quill, so many that the words became permanently carved into his hand. These detentions however did not sway him from his opinions or make him subservient to Umbridge. They had the opposite effect and strengthen his resolve to stand by his statements of Voldemort's return.  Harry in detention with Umbridge, being forced to use a Black Quill However, Umbridge presumed the message had failed to sink in, as Harry spread the word through The Quibbler about the previous year's events, and thus he was banned from any more Hogsmeade visits. Also, once Umbridge found out that he gave The Quibbler an exclusive interview, she banned the magazine, which caused the whole student body to take an interest in it. Ron was chosen to be the male Gryffindor prefect that year instead of him. This surprised everyone, as they all believed that Harry would have gotten the badge instead of Ron.   It was later revealed that Ron was chosen
instead of Harry because Dumbledore thought that Harry had "enough responsibility to be going on with". Harry's jealousy threatened to affect his friendship with Ron, but he felt better when he discovered that his father was also not chosen as a prefect at school. This suggests that Harry's desire in becoming prefect was to emulate his father, who was Head Boy in his day, not to inflate a sense of his own importance.  Because Fudge was raked with paranoia and stubbornly believed that Dumbledore was training an army to overthrow him, Umbridge had the Defence Against the Dark Arts class reduced to reading textbooks. This proved an ineffective teaching method and did nothing to prepare students for what was to come. Hermione proposed the idea that Harry teach the students, as he has previous experience defending himself against the Dark Arts and various monsters.  The meeting of students in the Hog's Head that would become known as Dumbledore's Army The trio held a meeting at the Hog's Head to discuss with other students the possibility of Harry giving them Defence lessons. Harry was stunned at how many there were, various Gryffindors, Ravenclaws, and Hufflepuffs showed up. Although he harboured the suspicion that a few, such as Zacharias Smith, only wanted to hear about the night Cedric Diggory was murdered. After some initial scepticism, the students started to list Harry's achievements: the rescue of the Philosopher's Stone from a disembodied Voldemort, slaying of Slytherin's basilisk in the Chamber of Secrets with the Sword of Gryffindor, ability to produce a corporeal Patronus, and winning of the Triwizard Tournament.  Harry instructing Neville Longbottom and others during a D.A. meeting Giving into Hermione's persistent urgings Harry secretly trained a group of students in practical defensive magic. In an attempt to make light of the Ministry's fears the group called themselves Dumbledore's Army (or the D.A.). Aware that arranging meetings and passing the word about them verbally was not a secure method of communication, Hermione bewitched several coins with a Protean Charm one for each member of the D.A. When activated by Harry, the numbers on each coin would change to inform the bearer of the time and date of the next meeting. Feeling highly anxious and frustrated most of the time Harry found that the D.A. was now his chief source of happiness, and the thing to which he looked forward throughout his school day. This happiness was felt by most members, as all of them (particularly Neville and the Creevey brothers) gained a lot of skills under Harry's tutelage.  Harry teaching the members of the D.A. the Patronus Charm Harry taught the group many different spells, ranking from the simplistic Disarming Charm to the highly advanced Patronus Charm. The class progressed at a fair rate, practising the Impediment Jinx, Reductor Curse, Stunning Spell, and various other hexes and jinxes before temporarily breaking up for Christmas break. Lessons continued during the early months of 1996, The class mastered the Shield Charm, and began to work on the Patronus Charm. Some members were
even able to produce corporeal Patronuses, Harry thought this might have been due to the lack of Dementors present, as there was nothing to make the students scared.  Harry and Cho kissing for the first time underneath mistletoe Cho Chang also became a member. During the meetings whenever Harry was near, she would become so flustered that she had difficulty casting spells correctly. Before the Christmas holidays, she and Harry were discussing how she had never been able to pull of the Stunning Spell before, when the room generated mistletoe. The room did this due to sensing the tension that was present. Under the mistletoe, the two kissed for the first time. This moment was confusing to Harry, as Cho, clearly still suffering from her ex-boyfriend's death, had been crying during their kiss. Cho's crying during the kiss also caused concern in Harry.   Harry later informed Hermione and Ron of his disastrous first kiss and Hermione comforted him saying that it was not his kissing that made Cho cry. However, Harry took on some much more pressing worries later that night. Lord Voldemort, wanting a "secret weapon" against him, had heard of a prophecy hidden in the Ministry's Department of Mysteries concerning both of them. Voldemort had been obsessing over the door to the Hall of Prophecy for the past few months, and had been inadvertently allowing Harry to read his thoughts through Legilimency. The link between Harry and Voldemort's minds had been growing stronger for quite a while.   Harry witnessing Nagini's attack on Arthur Weasley A result of this growing connection come to pass after Harry fell asleep in the boys dormitory (on the night of his kiss with Cho). Harry witnessed Nagini attack Arthur Weasley in his dream, and felt almost as if he had been the snake. Harry woke the other boys and proceeded to vomit. Professor McGonagall was immediately alerted to the problem. McGonagall then took Harry and Ron to Dumbledore’s office. Realising what could happen if the link grew more powerful, Dumbledore commissioned Snape to train Harry in Occlumency in an effort to prevent further problems.  Critically injured, Arthur was taken to St Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries. Harry, Ron, Ginny, Fred, and George took a portkey to Grimmauld Place. When they arrive at headquarters, they were greeted by Sirius, who ordered them to stay put and wait for news. Mrs Weasley stated that Arthur survived the attack and was grateful towards Harry. Even though Arthur survived, he was required to take a Blood-Replenishing Potion at regular intervals. Mr Weasley also shared the ward with a man who had been bitten by a werewolf and a woman with a massive chunk out of her leg who refused to tell the Healers what had bitten her, arousing suspicions she had been handling something illegal.  The trio and Ginny seeing Lockhart in the Janus Thickey Ward for spell damage Hermione joined Harry and the Weasleys at Grimmauld Place for Christmas, and Percy sent back his Weasley jumper, which made his
mother cry. Hermione, Ron and Ginny discovered that Neville's parents were insane and living at St Mungo's. They were informed of this by Neville's grandmother, who made it known that Frank and Alice were tortured by Death Eaters for information regarding Voldemort. They also saw their former Defence Against the Dark Arts professor Gilderoy Lockhart. Also Harry finally admitted that he knew what happened to Neville's parents.  Harry's first Occlumency lesson with Snape Lessons were given once a week, under the guise of Remedial Potions, much to Harry's discomfort. Unfortunately, Harry was extremely curious about the door he keep seeing within his dreams. Under Snape's tutelage, Harry repeatedly had his mind broken into in order to train him. Snape also ordered Harry to close his mind every night as practice. Unfortunately, due to the mutual animosity between the teacher and student, Snape was unkind and discouraging in his methods despite his own mastery of the skill, while Harry did not take Snape's lessons too seriously, and neglected to practise.[91]  Coupled with Harry being emotionally open at all times, the lessons did not progress much, with only rare instances where Harry was able to resist, if only briefly. If anything, having his mind repeatedly assaulted forced Harry to leave himself more vulnerable, as he barely tried to close it willingly. During a lesson in Occlumency, Snape stepped out of the room, and Harry's curiosity got the best of him. He looked into the pensieve, which contained Snape's memories, and, to his dismay, Harry found images of his father bullying Snape and of his mother rushing to his defence. Harry found himself siding with his mother, agreeing that James' treatment of Snape was wrong and it bordered on being almost cruel.[92]  A memory Harry saw featuring Lily Evans standing up to James Potter The conflict escalated to the point where Snape called Lily a "Mudblood". Snape attempted to apologise for his actions, but this incident cost him her friendship. Snape himself discovered Harry's spying. Snape refused to give him any more Occlumency lessons, something that Harry was not particularly concerned about and something he did not inform anyone of. Uncovering the source behind Snape's hatred for James left Harry seeing his father in a slightly different light. He also found comfort in the fact that at least his mother appeared to be person of strong morals while wondering why she ever agreed to marry James in the first place.  Harry in the Headmaster's office, just prior to Dumbledore's escape from Hogwarts As the second term progressed, Harry's relationship with Cho became more strained. While the two did like each other, Cho was mistakenly jealous of Hermione due to the latter's closeness with Harry, and Harry still felt awkward about Cho's feelings over Cedric. When Cho's friend, Marietta Edgecombe, betrayed the D.A. to Umbridge, the members were all punished and forced to end their meetings.   Harry was furious with Marietta but Cho insisted on defending her friend. Cho even claimed that it was not Marietta's fault because she was
being pressured by her mother. At this point, Cho's and Harry's relationship "fell apart", and the two no longer saw each other romantically. Umbridge is appointed Headmistress and imposes even tighter control. Fred and George Weasley rebelled against the new authority at the school. On one occasion, the twins released enchanted fireworks through the castle.  Harry and others watching as Fred and George openly mocked Umbridge's authority Fred and George took it easy during the Easter holidays, but then took their rebellion to a new level. They turned a corridor of the school into a swamp to create a diversion for Harry to access the fireplace in Umbridge's office in an attempt to contact Sirius, and were cornered by Umbridge and members of the Inquisitorial Squad. In a final act of defiance, the twins summoned their brooms, openly mocked Umbridge's authority, struck the Squad members with a variety of jinxes, and escaped the school behind to pursue a career in their joke shop with the money Harry lent them.  The fifth years began the sessions on the advice of what they would need to do to prepare for the careers they would pursue after graduation. During Harry's career advice session with Professor McGonagall, he told her that he wanted to be an Auror. During this admission they were rudely interrupted several times by Umbridge; she remarked against Harry's ambition of becoming an Auror. She stated that applicants could not have a criminal record, and these constant interruptions angered McGonagall. The meeting ended with McGonagall supporting him, and having a screaming argument with Umbridge.  Hagrid introducing Harry and Hermione to the sixteen foot giant Grawp During the final Quidditch match of the year — in which Harry did not play as Umbridge had banned him for life — Hagrid, who had returned to the school months into the term and very badly beaten, decided to show Harry and Hermione why he was so badly injured. This caused them to miss much of Gryffindor's Quidditch match. Hagrid also relayed to the trio where he had been during those months that he was away. He along with Madam Maxime were given a mission to the Giant Colony, in order to persuade them to join Dumbledore and his cause. This mission proved to be a failure to the Order, as the giants chose to align with the Death Eaters, due to their shared love of violence and killing.  Hagrid had dragged a giant back with him from his mission over the summer. It transpired that the giant (named Grawp) was Hagrid's half-brother on his mother's side, and that Hagrid had been attempting to civilise the giant, but with few results. He made Harry and Hermione promise that they would look after Grawp, should Hagrid be forced to leave the school for any reason. Hagrid was attacked and left the school during O.W.L. examinations, and thus Harry never had to go down to Grawp in the forest.  Harry's false vision of Voldemort torturing Sirius Black in the Hall of Prophecy Eventually, late
in the O.W.L. examinations on 18 June, while taking his History of Magic exam Harry dozed off. He received a vision of Voldemort torturing Sirius and ordering him to get the prophecy. Harry was prepared to go to the Ministry immediately, but Hermione advised him to check Grimmauld Place first to see if Sirius was still there. Harry used the Floo Network in Umbridge's office to peer into Grimmauld Place, where Kreacher stated that Sirius was gone. Unfortunately, Umbridge caught Harry and his friends in the act.  Umbridge interrogating Harry and threatening him with the Cruciatus Curse Umbridge asked Snape to extract information from Harry through the use of Veritaserum, but Snape claimed to have none left in his stocks. Umbridge then resorted to the Cruciatus Curse, revealing that it was she who set the Dementors loose on Harry. Hermione managed to save him by luring Umbridge into the Forbidden Forest. Once in the forest Umbridge attempted to harm Harry and Hermione, but was dragged off by centaurs for calling them "filthy half-breeds! Beasts!" and "creatures of near-human intelligence". Harry and Hermione escaped when Grawp stumbled into the centaur camp looking for Hagrid. The trio, along with D.A. members Ginny Weasley, Neville Longbottom, and Luna Lovegood — who had assisted in Harry's attempt to contact Grimmauld Place — used Thestrals to fly to London.  Death Eaters surrounding the six D.A. members in an attempt to retrieve the prophecy After reaching the Department of Mysteries, Harry led them all through various rooms in search of Sirius, without finding him. The group became doubtful until they came across a room filled with crystal balls, later to be known as prophecies. One of the prophecies had Harry's name on it, and he picked it up, much to the displeasure of Hermione. Upon picking up the prophecy Death Eaters appeared, revealing that it was all a ruse to bring him there. Harry then attempts to buy time by fully mocking Voldemort in front of his Death Eaters, which infuriates Bellatrix, yet Lucius stops her from hurting Potter, not through defence, but so that they can protect the prophecy. Harry still refuses to hand over the prophecy, so Lucius then begins to tease him that the prophecy holds the answer to his scar, why Voldemort wishes to kill him, and the cause of the Second Wizarding War.  Harry and Sirius duelling Death Eaters Lucius Malfoy and Antonin Dolohov Just then, on Harry's signal, the six D.A. members all use the Reductor Curse to smash the shelves of prophecies, distracting the Death Eaters so that they could flee. Ron, Ginny, and Luna had taken another path and Harry, Hermione, and Neville did not know where they were. Chaos ensued, Harry's group was chased through various rooms. When in he Death Chamber, all but Harry and Neville were incapacitated in the fighting. Then reinforcements from the Order of the Phoenix, alerted by Snape, arrived to help aid in the battle. In the ensuing fighting, Sirius Black was murdered by a killing curse from his cousin, Bellatrix
Lestrange, and fell through a mysterious stone arch. Harry pursued Bellatrix, using the Cruciatus Curse, but he was unable to kill her.  Voldemort appeared, angered by the failures of his Death Eaters. For the second time, he attempted to fatally curse Harry, who was too transfixed to even defend himself, but Dumbledore's sudden arrival saved him. Voldemort then fully possessed Harry, hoping that Dumbledore would sacrifice Harry in order to kill Voldemort. However, Voldemort was forced to leave Harry's body when Harry's grief for Sirius became too overwhelming to bear, as Voldemort did not understand the concept of love. Voldemort then grabbed Bellatrix and Disapparated, but not before the Minister and Ministry employees saw him and finally accepted that he was back.  Dumbledore telling Harry the whole prophecy Back at Hogwarts, Harry appeared in Dumbledore's office and tried to get out after Phineas Nigellus Black mentioned Sirius, only to find the door locked. Harry was none too pleased about Dumbledore's name being mentioned by the portraits. When the Headmaster returned, Harry lost his temper and started destroying Dumbledore's possessions, trying to get Dumbledore to let him out; though Dumbledore calmly levelled with Harry, admitting he had every right to be angry with him. Dumbledore asked Harry to sit down and listen to what he needed to say, promising that afterwards, Harry would be free to rage and storm at him, even attack him if he wished.  Dumbledore explained to Harry the real reason why Voldemort tried to kill him as an infant. A prophecy stated that he was destined to defeat the Dark Lord, for he had powers Voldemort did not: the ability to love, something that the Department of Mysteries was trying to research in a locked room. As a result of the battle, the Ministry of Magic realised that Lord Voldemort had indeed returned, and Harry and Dumbledore were vindicated along with Sirius (though he didn't live long enough to enjoy his freedom, but was honoured as hero by the Ministry). Serious steps were taken following this change in policy, such as the dismissal of Umbridge. However, this was not a sea of change, as the Ministry still had a mistrust of Dumbledore.  In the wake of the Battle of the Department of Mysteries Harry was sent home to 4 Privet Drive for the summer holidays. There, he obsessed and brooded over his godfather's death where he hardly left his room and refused meals. As the battle had taken place at one point in the famed Hall of Prophecy, many in the wizarding community including the Daily Prophet began to speculate about the relationship between Harry and that place, leading to, accidentally correct reports calling Harry "the Chosen One", the one destined to defeat Lord Voldemort once and for all.   Dumbledore and Harry searching for Horace Slughorn Early in his summer, Dumbledore requested that Harry join him in some unknown adventure. He arrived to pick Harry up at 4 Privet Drive on a Friday, late in the evening. Harry had not informed his aunt
and uncle of this development and it came as a great surprise to them. However, they could not depart immediately, because there was a piece of business to attend to: Sirius's will. Much to his rage, Harry inherited his godfather Sirius Black's estate. This included: 12 Grimmauld Place, the Black family vault, and the Blacks' irritating and half-crazed house elf, Kreacher. Harry still retained animosity towards Kreacher after his involvement in Sirius' death a few months previous. He also gave Dumbledore permission to continue to use Grimmauld Place as Order headquarters. Afterwards they were off, and Dumbledore Apparated Harry to the small village of Budleigh Babberton, where Harry was introduced to Horace Slughorn.  Harry meeting Horace Slughorn, the former Hogwarts Potions Master In their time together, Harry and Slughorn discussed some of the professor's old students and the improved security at Hogwarts. When Harry and Dumbledore made to leave, Slughorn agreed to return to the school if he got a raise and a larger office. Following their visit, Dumbledore dropped Harry off at The Burrow, where Harry spent the rest of the summer playing two-sided Quidditch, but not before informing Harry that he was to be given special lessons by Dumbledore himself. Later in the summer Harry learned that he had achieved seven O.W.L.s: one 'Outstanding'[64], five 'Exceeds Expectations'[64], and one 'Acceptable'[64]. He also received a surprise when he was made Captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch team, which put him on equal standing with prefects.  Having learned of Professor Slughorn's propensity for hand-picking favourites. Harry experienced this first-hand. He and many others were invited to join Horace Slughorn's Slug Club, during the ride to Hogwarts aboard the Hogwarts Express. Harry did not enjoy the experience, and made to leave as soon as he possibly could. Instead of returning to his previous compartment, Harry made to eavesdrop upon Draco Malfoy. Malfoy's precipitation in meeting weeks earlier had led Harry to believe he had taken the Dark Mark. What he heard did nothing to dispel his suspicions.   Professor Slughorn giving Harry the vial of Felix Felicis Harry arrived late to the Welcoming Feast, due to an encounter with Malfoy, in which Malfoy realised he was eavesdropping in his Hogwarts Express compartment under his invisbility cloak. Malfoy froze him with the Full Body-Bind Curse and stomped on his nose, breaking it and leaving him there unconscious, where he soon found by Nymphadora Tonks who healed his nose and escorted him to the castle. At the feast, Harry was shocked to learn that Severus Snape had been promoted to Defence Against the Dark Arts professor. While this disappointed Harry greatly, his career as an Auror reopened, as Professor Slughorn would accept his 'Exceeds Expectations' score in Potions.   Harry proceeded to take five classes this year: Charms, Defence Against the Dark Arts, Herbology, Potions, and Transfiguration. As Harry had not bothered to buy a text book, Slughorn allowed Harry to borrow an old one from the supply cabinet. When Harry examined it, he found that it once had belonged to a
student identified only as the "Half-Blood Prince". The book contained copious handwritten notes that helped Harry excel in Potions for once. In fact, his skills won him a prize from Slughorn — a small vial of Felix Felicis, also known as "liquid luck".  As promised, Dumbledore began the private series of lessons with Harry concerning Lord Voldemort. In the first lesson, Dumbledore showed Harry the first of a number of memories he had collected concerning Voldemort's past using his Pensieve. These lessons regarding Riddle's past were in order to learn his secrets and weaknesses. Dumbledore promised Harry that this information would help him survive and would prove crucial to the eventual defeat of Lord Voldemort.  A private lesson with Dumbledore, Harry about to view a memory in the Pensieve In their first lesson, the pair delved into the origin of the boy Tom Riddle, by viewing the Gaunt family that once lived around Little Hangleton. It showed a former Head of the Magical Law Enforcement Patrol, Bob Ogden visiting a man named Marvolo Gaunt in order to summon his son Morfin to a Ministry hearing in connection with an attack on a Muggle named Tom Riddle Snr. A huge commotion occurred: Morfin attacked Ogden, with Marvolo stoutly defending his son's actions. Marvolo also tried to attack his daughter Merope after finding out that she had an intense infatuation with Riddle.   After viewing this memory, Dumbledore told Harry that both Marvolo and Morfin were sentenced to six months and three years imprisonment respectively in Azkaban due to their behaviour. During this lesson, Harry also learned who Tom Riddle's parents were and how they came to be married. He also learned what kind of mindset of the Gaunt family possessed, and how Marvolo and Morfin believed strongly in blood supremacy, something the Voldemort's mother (Merope) did not share.  Quidditch Captain Harry supervising Gryffindor tryouts The Saturday following Harry's first lessons, while in the Great Hall the trio find out (courtesy of the Daily Prophet) that Stan Shunpike has been arrested for supposed Death Eater activity. Apparently he was over heard talking about the Death Eaters secret plans while in a pub. Harry believed that Stan most likely knew nothing regarding secret plans, as Stan had a habit of greatly exaggerating. Afterwards Harry, as the new Gryffindor Quidditch Captain held trials to select the team for the annual Quidditch Cup. Due to Harry's popularity, it proves to be extremely taxing and difficult, with even first-years, Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs turning up for the trials.  The first test he administered was a basic flying test, something that proved to be a good idea as it became clear to Harry that most of the students present where not adapt flyers. After an arduous morning of tantrums, foolishness, and many complaints Harry picked the members of his team. The three Chasers, one of which was Ginny Weasley (who out flew all her competition and scored seventeen goals), two Beaters, and Ron Weasley as Keeper. Ron had only survived the tryouts with Hermione's help,
who confunded his competition, Cormac McLaggen.  Harry becoming increasingly fascinated with the Half-Blood Prince's textbook In studying the Half-Blood Prince's book, Harry discovered numerous hand-written spells that the Prince supposedly invented himself, such as Levicorpus and Muffliato. He tried these spells and became increasingly fascinated with the book, going as far as having it on him at all times. This was something that his friends were quick to comment on, stating that "all he does is read that bloody book" and that he "practically sleeps with it".[93] Harry even considered the book to be almost a friend, a teacher and sort of guide.  Hermione disapproved of the book, partly because some of its spells have a dark nature, but mainly because it allows Harry to outperform her in potions. Three times, Slughorn attempts to invite Harry to one of his Slug Club parties, but Harry avoids them. Throughout the autumn, Harry used Quidditch to dodge Professor Slughorn's Slug Club events, doing this because he disliked the idea and because it was kinder than leaving Ron alone as Hermione had been invited as well.  The trio watching as Katie Bell was subjected to the curse on the Opal Necklace while in Hogsmeade In October, during a Hogsmeade visit, Katie Bell was nearly killed after being bewitched to carry a cursed necklace to Dumbledore. Remembering seeing the same necklace in Borgin's shop, Harry voices his suspicions of Malfoy to Professor McGonagall. But she (like Ron and Hermione) rubbishes his theory, stating that Malfoy did not go to Hogsmeade as he had a detention with her, and that there is no proof that he bought the necklace. Harry felt annoyance towards Ron and Hermione, as they did not back him up, but he did not give up on his theory.  Harry's lessons were quite sporadic that autumn, and he did not have another one until after tragedy befell someone at Hogwarts. In this lesson, Harry first sees Caractacus Burke talking about Slytherin's Locket which a pregnant and desperate Merope had sold him, her husband having abandoned her when she stopped giving him love potion. Dumbledore then focused on Tom Riddle just as he was on the cusp of his Hogwarts years, and Harry discovered a troubled orphan who consciously used his magic to bully and intimidate the other children. Also Harry shared his suspicions of Malfoy with Dumbledore during their lesson, only to be rebuffed.  Harry playing as Seeker in the first match of the season Not long after that meeting, Quidditch season was upon them. In preparation for their first game, Harry replaced the injured Katie Bell with Dean Thomas. The change produced some results, both expected, as the team excelled on the pitch, and unexpected, as Harry found himself in a jealous rage after seeing Dean kissing Ginny after practice. The team's only problem was Ron, who was suffering from a lack of confidence. In an attempt to boost Ron's confidence, Harry blatantly acted as if he had spiked Ron's pumpkin juice with Felix Felicis. Ron took the
bait and played a flawless match; however, Hermione took the bait as well and acted unkindly toward Ron and Harry. While she made up with Harry when he told her of the ruse, Ron's sudden relationship with Lavender Brown led to continued strife, as it spiked jealousy in Hermione.  While Harry attempted to reconcile his best friends, the Christmas holidays were fast approaching and with them the Slug Club Christmas party out of which Harry could not wrangle. Since "the Chosen One" rumours had been printed, Harry had received an unnatural amount of attention from the young ladies at Hogwarts. Specifically a fourth year named Romilda Vane, who's attention bordered on obsession. As Harry could not ask Ginny to the party, he was left to ask Luna Lovegood to attend with him as a friend. This made Luna extremely happy and hugely disappointed the gaggles of giggling girls who awaited Harry below every doorway with mistletoe, they gave him resentful looks.  Harry overhearing a strange conversation between Draco Malfoy and Professor Snape At the party, Harry was surprised to learn that Hermione attended with Cormac McLaggen, a large Gryffindor seventh year whom Ron despised. Hermione confessed that she did this solely on the fact that fact that it would annoy Ron the most. He told her that it served her right when McLaggen was less than gentlemanly, only talking about himself and Quidditch. Harry was then forced to endure a conversation with both Snape and Slughorn in regards to his potion making skills and his future career choice. Later, after Malfoy was apprehended "gate-crashing" the party by Filch, Harry learned that Malfoy was indeed up to something. He also learned that Professor Snape had made the Unbreakable Vow with Narcissa in order to protect him.  Harry discussing the overheard conversation between Snape and Malfoy during Christmas holidays Harry's Christmas was less than enjoyable, as he was cornered by the new Minister for Magic, Rufus Scrimgeour. Scrimgeour had been hoping to speak with Harry for months and used Percy Weasley as his way in. The Minister interrupted the Weasley family Christmas. He tried to persuade Harry to become the Ministry's mascot, an idea that Harry was not prepared to accept. During the meeting Harry proceeded to tell Scrimgeour why he would not offer the Ministry his support, the main reasons being the Ministry's ineffectiveness in dealing with the Death Eater threat, the knowledge that Dolores Umbridge still held a position within the Ministry, the Ministry's refusal to come to his aid when he tried to inform the wizarding community of Voldemort's return the previous year, the fact that the Ministry had proven throughout the previous year that it was incredibly corrupt and dangerously complacent to the point of being rotten, and the mere fact that Harry had no desire to be used. This discussion left Harry and Scrimgeour on increasingly bad terms.  Upon returning to Hogwarts, Harry's sporadic lessons with Dumbledore continued. Early in January, Harry delved into a memory that all but proved that Riddle had murdered his
own paternal family after his fifth year at Hogwarts. Then Dumbledore showed Harry a most curious memory, a memory that Professor Slughorn had apparently tampered with, and he gave Harry his first homework assignment: to get the real memory from Slughorn. After impressing Slughorn using a bezoar in class, Harry tried the direct approach only to be instantly shot down.  Harry saving Ron, after the latter ingested poisoned mead By 1 March, Harry had still not acquired Slughorn's true memory and had begun to grow more obsessed with Draco Malfoy. That morning he awoke to find Ron under the influence of a very powerful Love Potion, and he took him to Slughorn, only for Ron to end up poisoned. Harry managed to act quickly and save him with a Bezoar. This was enough for Hermione to overcome her animosity toward Ron, and the three became friends again. Ron survived, but was not fit for the upcoming Quidditch match, so he was replaced by McLaggen. This turned out to be a bad choice, as McLaggen accidentally knocked Harry unconscious mid-match. Upon his recovery, Harry had yet another lesson with the Headmaster.  Harry retrieving the true memory from Slughorn In his lesson with the Headmaster Harry was upbraided by Dumbledore for not completing his assignment, witnessed the young Tom Riddle murder Hepzibah Smith for the famous artefacts (Slytherin's Locket and Hufflepuff's Cup) she owned, and jinx the Defence Against the Dark Arts post at Hogwarts. However, Harry still could not figure out how to obtain the memory and focused on Malfoy. His interest was bordering on obsession. It was Ron who came up with the solution to Harry's dilemma with Slughorn. He suggested Felix Felicis, liquid luck. In the evening, Harry took the potion and not only managed to obtain the memory, but also solved many of his and his friends's problems, including breaking up not only Ginny Weasley and Dean Thomas, but also Ron and his overly clingy girlfriend Lavender Brown.  Harry and Dumbledore preparing to witness Slughorn's true memory Even though it was after midnight, Harry immediately went to Dumbledore with the new memory. It confirmed Dumbledore's theory that Lord Voldemort had created not one but multiple Dark magical objects called Horcruxes to ensure his immortality. Together, they theorised that the Dark Lord had created Horcruxes out of special objects such as Riddle's diary and Slytherin's locket. Before Harry left, Dumbledore promised to let Harry join him if he found another Horcrux. With the memory found, Harry had only Quidditch and Malfoy on his mind.  Meanwhile, a recovered Katie had returned to the school, causing Harry to ask her who gave her the necklace. She states that someone Imperiused her in the girl's bathroom at The Three Broomstick. In the week before the final Quidditch match, Harry discovered Malfoy crying in the toilet and a duel ensued. With Malfoy on the verge of using an Unforgivable Curse, Harry cast Sectumsempra, a curse with unknown effects that he found in the Half-Blood Prince's book. The curse nearly killed Malfoy
and earning Harry indefinite Saturday detentions with Snape and a telling off from McGonagall.  Harry and Ginny kissing for the first time, thus beginning their romantic relationship Unable to play in the final match, Harry waited with anticipation as he sat through his first detention. When the dentition was finally over he arrived back at Gryffindor Tower and was happy to discover that the team had won the Quidditch Cup without him. Harry having learned previously that Ginny and Dean had split up and having come to terms with his feelings, was still unwilling to ask her out, fearing Ron's reaction. So in the heat of the moment he spontaneously kissed Ginny while over fifty people watched, about whom he had been thinking quite often. He kissed her after she embraced him in the post-match elation; this marked the beginning of their relationship.  On 30 June, Dumbledore led Harry out of the castle in search of a Horcrux. Before they left, Dumbledore made Harry swear to obey any order given him, regardless of his feelings about said order. From Hogsmeade, they Apparated to a sea-side cave, where Tom Riddle had traumatised two young children from his orphanage in his youth. Once inside, Dumbledore attempted to locate the Horcrux's second line of defence. He spoke in a whispered tongue and found a hidden doorway which only opened when it received an offering of blood. The cave was difficult to enter with a toll paid in blood, and to get to the island in the centre of the cave there was only a small boat.  Dumbledore and Harry arriving in the Crystal Cave They next found themselves in a vast chamber containing an underground lake, with a solitary island at its centre from which a faint green light was visible. After a failed attempt by Harry at Summoning the Horcrux, Dumbledore located a carefully concealed boat that would allow them safe passage across the lake. During the crossing, Harry learned another of the Horcrux's lines of defence. The lake was filled with Inferi (animated corpses of Voldemort's previous victims) which would attack anyone who touched the lake's water. Dumbledore instructed Harry on the use of fire as the weapon of choice against the Inferi, should it become necessary. Inferi fear both light and warmth. The thought of the Inferi hidden below caused Harry unease, but was quickly reassured by Dumbledore.  Harry forcing Dumbledore to continue drinking the emerald potion within the stone basin Once on the island, Dumbledore found a stone basin from which he could not remove the Horcrux, without drinking the Emerald Potion that the Horcrux resided in. Harry was reluctant that either one of them drink it, as they did not know its effects, but there was no way to avoid it. Dumbledore extracted a promise from Harry that he would force him to drink, no matter how much he tried to persuade him not to. With this promise, Dumbledore drank and Harry watched as Dumbledore was driven out of his mind, but upheld his promise. 
Dumbledore drank and experienced intense stomach pains, dehydration and saw visions that mentally tortured him. Harry later thought that Dumbledore saw the duel between him, Aberforth, and Grindelwald. Harry managed to get the potion down Dumbledore's throat. When they finally finished the potion, Dumbledore fell unconscious. When he was revived by Harry he asked for water. Harry attempted to conjure water for Dumbledore with a Water-Making Charm, but this proved ineffective as the water disappeared before Dumbledore could drink it. This being another defence designed by Voldemort. In desperation Harry filled a cup with water from the lake, triggering the army of Inferi that were waiting below.  Harry was overwhelmed by Voldemort's army of Inferi As he splashed the water on Dumbledore's face, Harry felt something ice cold on his arm and saw a disgusting hand and the Inferi climbing up from the lake. Harry panicked and attempted to fight back with a multitude of spells and curses, including Impedimenta and Sectumsempra. None of the spells worked, since the Inferi were too numerous and could not feel pain. He was overwhelmed and dragged under.  Dumbledore, having regained consciousness, created a ring of fire around them that repelled the Inferi. He pocketed the Locket and drove the Inferi back into the lake while he and Harry escaped in the boat. Harry then proceeded to Apparate them back to Hogsmeade.  After a short broomstick ride through the village they landed atop the Astronomy Tower. Once on the tower they discovered that Hogwarts had been invaded by Death Eaters, but Harry's friends Ron, Hermione, Luna, Neville, and Ginny, who had been ordered by Harry to watch the school lest Malfoy accomplish his nefarious goal. The D.A. members battled alongside the Order of the Phoenix, on the floor below Harry and Dumbledore, with some help from the remainder of Harry's vial of Felix Felicis. Dumbledore had stopped Harry from fighting and frozen him against a wall with a Full Body-Bind Curse, hidden underneath his Invisibility Cloak, so all he could do was helplessly watch and wait. While waiting Harry witnessed the death of Albus Dumbledore at the hands of Severus Snape.  Harry witnessing Albus Dumbledore's death at the hands of Severus Snape Dumbledore's body plummeted from the tallest tower at Hogwarts. With Dumbledore dead, Harry was free of the spell that petrified him. He immediately set off after Snape, petrifying a Death Eater and seeking revenge. As the Death Eaters made their way out of Hogwarts Castle and on to the grounds, trying to reach the border where they would be able to Apparate again, Harry pursued and faced off against Snape. Harry tried many times to defeat Snape, even weakly attempting the Cruciatus Curse and Snape's own hand crafted spells, all with no effect. In the process, Snape identified himself as the Half-Blood Prince, and escaped Hogwarts with Draco Malfoy and the other Death Eaters.  Harry kneeling next to the body of the recently deceased Albus Dumbledore Hagrid found Harry and together they managed to extinguish the fire that burnt
Hagrid's hut (caused by Thorfinn Rowle) with the Water-Making Charm. Harry then told Hagrid that "Snape killed Dumbledore", but Hagrid refused to believe him. Harry and Hagrid returned to the castle to find people staring at Dumbledore's crippled and lifeless body. Harry moved forward the base of the Astronomy Tower and found his mentor's body lying still upon the ground and Hagrid finally believed him.   Harry proceeded to stay next to Dumbledore's body thinking that everything that previously happened that night had been all for naught. Harry started crying over Dumbledore's corpse as well as straightening his half-moon spectacles upon his crooked nose and Harry wiping a trickle of blood from the dead Headmaster's mouth with his (Harry's) own sleeve. Hagrid tried many times to get Harry to move, but did not succeed. It was only when he was comforted by Ginny that Harry finally consented to move.  Harry and Hermione reading the note from Regulus Black inside the fake locket Harry remembering the locket, took it from Dumbledore's robes. He was absolutely beside himself when he learned it was just a plain bit of jewellery. It was in fact a decoy; there was a note inside the locket that revealed the real Horcrux was taken by someone called 'R.A.B.'. It appeared to Harry that Dumbledore had died in vain and that they had achieved nothing that night. Harry was still processing this information while Ginny escorted him to the Hospital Wing on McGonagall's orders, all the while holding his hand as means of comfort. Later at the end of the year, Harry would inform Hermione and Ron of the decoy locket.  Once in the Hospital Wing he found a injured Neville apparently asleep in bed, as well as: Ron, Hermione, Luna, Tonks, Lupin, Madam Pomfrey, and Ron's brother Bill Weasley. At some point during the battle Bill had been horribly scarred by Fenrir Greyback. When Ginny announced that Dumbledore was dead, everyone appeared horrified. Lupin actually lost control for a moment, while Madam Pomfrey burst into tears and McGonagall was weak-kneed. Harry explained to everyone what had happened on the Astronomy Tower and when he was finished, they were all shocked by what he had said. Harry also revealed Dumbledore's apparent reasons for trusting Snape and allowing him a second chance.  After leaving the hospital wing McGonagall questions Harry about what he and Dumbledore were doing, but Harry under orders from Dumbledore not to tell anyone except Ron and Hermione, refuses. The teachers then discuss the future of Hogwarts, and plans for Dumbledore's funeral. Harry turns his back on the Half-Blood Prince's book, and regrets ever possessing it. Hermione and Ron comfort him, stating that nothing in the book ever indicated that he was capable of murder.  Harry attending Dumbledore's funeral (left side, sixth row) Following the death of Albus Dumbledore, his funeral was carried out. Harry was disgusted to see that Dolores Umbridge and Rita Skeeter had the nerve to attend his funeral, but he did not want to make a scene at Dumbledore's
funeral and bit his tongue. Knowing that he would have to hunt down Voldemort's Horcruxes and, fearing for her safety, Harry took Ginny aside, and broke off their romance. Ginny told him that she did not care about the danger of being his girlfriend, but Harry still thought it was best if the two stopped seeing each other. He then spoke to Ron and Hermione, who committed to forgoing their final year at Hogwarts in order to accompany him, despite his protests.  Harry and Petunia saying their goodbyes to each other After Albus Dumbledore's death (Dumbledore was the one who began the hunt in July 1996) at the hands of Severus Snape during the Battle of the Astronomy Tower, the mission fell to Harry Potter to complete. He had to complete it if he was to finally defeat Voldemort. He was joined by Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley. With four Horcruxes remaining (plus the unknown soul fragment residing inside Harry) the trio made plans.  Harry, Hermione, and Ron all remained committed to their goal to locate and destroy Voldemort's Horcruxes. To protect their families Hermione altered her parents' memories so that they forgot they had a daughter, then instructed them to move to Australia, and with some help from Fred, George, and their father, Ron transfigured the family ghoul to resemble himself with Spattergroit. Harry's aunt and uncle were taken into hiding by several members of the Order of the Phoenix, such as Dedalus Diggle and Hestia Jones, despite many misgivings on the part of the Dursleys.  The seven Potters Harry stayed at 4 Privet Drive for a time, but the Order of the Phoenix needed to evacuate him to the Burrow before he turned seventeen. On 27 July the Order sent the Dursleys into hiding first. Harry was surprised by Dudley's gratitude towards him for saving his soul and his sincere goodbye. Six out of thirteen of Harry's escorts took Polyjuice Potion to take on Harry's appearance in order to be diversions if they were attacked, despite Harry's protests. Harry also secretly thought that he wished they would respect his body more. Upon leaving, the group was attacked by over thirty cloaked Death Eaters. Harry rode with Hagrid on his godfather Sirius' old motorbike, that had been modified. They were attacked by multiple Death Eaters, including an Imperiused Stan Shunpike and eventually Lord Voldemort himself, who had invented and mastered unsupported flight.  Harry's wand retaliating automatically against Voldemort during the battle Harry's owl Hedwig was hit by a stray Killing Curse a Death Eater sent Harry's way. When Voldemort caught up with them, Harry thought this was the end, but his wand acted on its own to strike out at the man who was both "kin and mortal enemy", destroying Voldemort's borrowed wand. The chaos ended when Harry and Hagrid passed the protective enchantments placed over the house of Nymphadora Tonks' parents, although Harry was still completely grief-stricken over the death of his beloved owl. After finding Hagrid safe and sound, the pair took a Portkey to
the Burrow, where he found a worried Molly and Ginny Weasley standing watch outside in the darkness.  Harry and others safely at the Burrow after participating in the sky battle earlier that night Harry was relieved to see that Hermione and Ron were fine, but was shocked when Remus Lupin arrived with George Weasley, who had lost an ear. Everyone else arrived safely, but Alastor Moody who had been murdered by Voldemort and Mundungus Fletcher, who had Disapparated as soon as the fight started. Many amongst those gathered at the Burrow believed that they had been betrayed, but Harry refused to believe any of those he loved would sell him to Voldemort, much to the chagrin of Remus Lupin. Harry then stormed outside, where he was struck by a vision of Voldemort torturing Ollivander.  Once settled in at the Burrow, Harry, Ron, and Hermione helped prepare the wedding ceremony of Bill Weasley and Fleur Delacour. The day before the wedding, the group celebrated Harry's seventeenth birthday. Harry received a watch from Mr and Mrs Weasley, a traditional coming-of-age gift. Ginny also gave him the most passionate kiss they have ever shared. It was something to remember her by in case he "meets some veela" during the Horcrux hunt. Harry responded by saying that "dating opportunities will be thin". The pair was then interrupted by Ron and Hermione.  Scrimgeour giving the first Snitch Harry caught, willed to him by Albus Dumbledore At the party that night, Minister for Magic Rufus Scrimgeour arrived to release the contents of Albus Dumbledore's will. Harry was left the first Snitch he had ever caught in a Quidditch match and Godric Gryffindor's Sword; Scrimgeour withheld this second gift, claiming that it was a historical magical item and was not exclusively Harry's property. Noting that Harry, Ron, and Hermione were the only students mentioned by name in the will, he asked the trio why this was; the three were unable to give him an answer.  On 1 August, Harry attended Bill and Fleur's wedding disguised as a distant Weasley cousin, Barny Weasley. They used polyjuice potion and the hairs of a red-haired Muggle boy from the village to disguise him. During the party, Harry met Luna Lovegood's father, Xenophilius, (who wore a necklace bearing an Triangle-Eyed symbol) and Viktor Krum, (who dislikes the symbol for it is synonymous with the dark wizard Grindelwald, who attended Krum's school, Durmstrang). The reception was interrupted when the Patronus of Kingsley Shacklebolt arrived and announced the fall of the Ministry of Magic and the death of Rufus Scrimgeour. Chaos erupted and guests started to flee, while Harry and Hermione drew their wands and grabbed Ron before Disapparating to Tottenham Court Road.  The trio duelling Antonin Dolohov and Thorfinn Rowle in Luchino Caffe There, Hermione revealed that she had planned ahead, packing supplies in her bag, which had an Undetectable Extension Charm on it. Ron changed, and Harry put on his Invisibility Cloak, and the three then entered a nearby café to hang low for a while. Whilst at
the café, Ron and Hermione discussed the events of the wedding and Voldemort's coup. They unwittingly broke the Taboo that had been placed on Voldemort's name when the Death Eaters overthrew the Ministry of Magic, alerting Death Eaters Antonin Dolohov and Thorfinn Rowle to their location. After a brief skirmish, the trio defeated the Death Eaters, whose memories Hermione wiped at Harry's suggestion. Harry, Ron, and Hermione then found refuge at 12 Grimmauld Place.  Harry labelled as "Undesirable No. 1" by the Ministry Having found no leads regarding the Horcruxes over the summer, Harry discovered R.A.B. during the trio's first morning at 12 Grimmauld Place. Once Hermione remembered that the locket had been in the house during its occupation by the Order of the Phoenix, Harry summoned Kreacher, and they learned that it had been stolen by Mundungus Fletcher. When the trio questioned him about it, he revealed that it was now in the possession of Dolores Umbridge. On the same day, Remus Lupin had been to visit. He asked Harry if he could join them, but once Harry found out that Tonks was pregnant, he refused. This caused a temporary rift between the two of them.  For the following month, the trio would take turns under the Invisibility Cloak to watch the Ministry entrance. On 2 September after formulating their plans, they managed to infiltrate the Ministry. Using Polyjuice Potion Harry transformed into Albert Runcorn. Once inside the Ministry it became apparent that the trio did not plan well enough, as they focused all their attention on how to get in and not what they were going to do once inside. Harry searched Umbridge's office but did not find the locket. He did, however, take Moody's eye from her door. Finding Umbridge trying Muggle-borns for "stealing" magic, Hermione managed to trick Umbridge into revealing the locket, and she lied about how she obtained it.  Harry casting his stag Patronus at Dementors, right before capturing Slytherin's locket Furious, Harry stunned both her and Yaxley. He and Hermione freed the Muggle-borns who were being held by the Muggle-Born Registration Commission, and Hermione conjured a copy of the locket while they took the real thing. They met up with Ron again and escaped, though Yaxley grabbed Hermione's arm while they were Disapparating. She evaded him with a Revulsion Jinx, but the location of 12 Grimmauld Place was revealed to him, and they were forced to abandon it as a hide-out. But instead Hermione took them to the woods that were once the location of the Quidditch World Cup.  After securing Slytherin's locket, the three friends took turns wearing it, to ensure it was not lost. The locket had a negative influence on all of them, straining relations and causing them to all act moody and inclined to get into petty arguments. They overheard a goblin saying that the sword protected by Snape was a fake. They learned that the Sword of Gryffindor in Snape's office was a copy of the real sword, and that they would have to trace the
location of the real sword.  Harry and Ron Weasley rowing before Ron abandoned the hunt Harry and Hermione were excited at knowing what object they could use to destroy Horcruxes, but the locket's negative energy pushed Ron over the edge. Knowing that they now had something they were not close to destroying, Ron and Harry got into a horrible row. Ron accused Harry of not knowing what he was doing and not being very concerned when they learned that Ginny Weasley had been punished for attempting to steal Gryffindor's sword for them, along with Neville Longbottom and Luna Lovegood. Ron then abandoned his friends accusing Hermione of preferring Harry to himself.  Ron's departure left both Harry and Hermione depressed. Once he left, Harry and Hermione left the camping site they were last in. Hermione tied her scarf on a tree for a reason. With the locket in hand they Apparated away to Malham Cove.  They set up the tent and Harry stared into the sunset before dark. Hermione was listening to music in which Harry noticed and came in. Hermione was even more depressed as her boyfriend left them. Harry offered Hermione a dance in which she took and they danced until the song ended, they were happy for that moment.  Harry and Hermione discussing, they should go to Godric's Hollow That morning, Harry sat in his tent bed and watched his Golden Snitch and kissed it, revealing it was made from Flesh Memory. He went to Hermione and told her this, to which she replied that she noticed the Sign of the Deathly Hallows in her copy. They decided to head to Godric's Hollow, as Harry wanted to visit his parents' graves, and Hermione had convinced herself that Dumbledore might have entrusted the Sword of Gryffindor to Bathilda Bagshot, a magical historian who lived there and who had been friendly with the Potters and the Dumbledores.  Harry and Hermione visiting James and Lily's grave while in Godric's Hollow They arrived on Christmas Eve. After seeing the memorial dedicated to his parents and himself, Harry and Hermione searched the graveyard for the Potters's grave and came across the grave of Kendra and Ariana Dumbledore and that of Ignotus Peverell. Harry was filled with regret that Dumbledore had not shared this connection with him. Upon discovering Harry's parents' grave Hermione called out to him and comforted Harry when he reached the grave. After placing a conjured wreath of flowers on his parents' graves, the two then met Bathilda Bagshot, who motioned for them to follow her into her home. Believing Bathilda wanted to give him Gryffindor's Sword, Harry accompanied her upstairs alone when she indicated that Hermione should stay downstairs.  Nagini attacking Harry in Bathilda Bagshot's cottage Once there, she questioned Harry in what he did not realise was Parseltongue, revealing herself to in fact be Nagini, Voldemort's snake. Voldemort had murdered Bathilda and animated her corpse to hide Nagini, who attacked Harry, biting and coiling herself around Harry. Hermione raced upstairs and repelled the snake, while
Harry's scar burned, alerting him to Voldemort's approach. The pair managed to escape, but Harry was knocked unconscious and such a close call with Voldemort caused the connection to re-open and Harry had a vision of his parents' demise. And in the scuffle, Harry's wand was accidentally broken by Hermione's Blasting Curse.   After escaping Voldemort, Harry and Hermione camped out in the Forest of Dean, where Hermione healed Nagini's bite with Dittany. When they were camped out there, Harry and Hermione read parts of Rita Skeeter's biography of Dumbledore, The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore which Hermione had stolen from the home of Bathilda Bagshot. Upon reading, Harry felt betrayed and hurt, because Dumbledore had not shared this information with him. Hermione tried to convince Harry that Dumbledore had his best interests at heart, but Harry became quite disillusioned, doubting whether or not the Headmaster had even cared about him. Harry being led by a doe Patronus to the hiding place of the Sword of Gryffindor A couple nights later, while standing guard outside the tent, Harry was lead by a silver doe Patronus to a frozen pool into which someone had placed the Sword of Gryffindor, which leads Harry to strip to his underwear and jump in the pool. While trying to acquire the sword, the locket attempted to strangle him, but he was rescued by Ron, who had returned through the use of his Deluminator.  Ron destroying the locket Horcrux with the Sword of Gryffindor During the brief intense skirmish, the Horcrux created disturbing imagery, as a last line of defence. Ron was showed his deepest fears, such as spiders and telling him that he was the least loved by his mother who craved a daughter. The final taunt was creating apparitions of Harry and Hermione. The naked Harry and Hermione began to kiss passionately, enraging Ron, who then destroyed the Horcrux with the sword, casting the two away. As Ron had saved his life, Harry forgave him for leaving and after seeing the Horcrux torture Ron, explained that he had no feelings for Hermione beyond that of a sibling. Hermione, who had been inside the tent during the destruction of the Horcrux, was angry with Ron for a longer period.  The trio speaking with Xenophilius Lovegood at his home, near the village of Ottery St Catchpole On 30 December at Hermione's request, the three friends travelled to Luna Lovegood's home to question Xenophilius Lovegood. They asked about a triangular symbol Dumbledore had left them to decipher in the book he bequeathed to Hermione. After learning of the Deathly Hallows, Harry, Ron, and Hermione discovered that Xenophilius summoned Death Eaters in an attempt to persuade them to return his abducted daughter. The trio escaped the Death Eaters when Hermione blasted the floor open to show them Harry, but managed to keep Ron's alibi of being sick at home with spattergroit intact by covering him with the Invisibility Cloak.  Hermione arguing with a listless Harry over his obsession with the Deathly Hallows Harry soon became
obsessed by the Deathly Hallows. He spent everyday brooding over the possibilities, forgetting about his responsibilities. With Harry's new found obsession with the Hallows, he became more and more withdrawn and listless. He came to believe that the Resurrection Stone was enclosed within the Golden Snitch bequeathed to him by Dumbledore. He also surmised that Lord Voldemort was abroad in a search for the Elder Wand. This obsession troubled his friends, and with the drop in Harry's attentiveness Ron's leadership qualities flourished.  After listening to a broadcast of Potterwatch around Easter 1998, Harry determined that Voldemort was seeking the Elder Wand, and accidentally broke the Taboo on Voldemort's name. Captured by a gang of Snatchers led by Fenrir Greyback, the trio were questioned about who they were. Hermione had previously hit Harry in the face with a Stinging Hex in an attempt to conceal their true identities, but it all amounted to nothing as the Snatchers then found the Sword of Gryffindor. After Greyback and Scabior realised that they had caught Harry Potter, the trio were taken to Malfoy Manor in Wiltshire. The Snatchers decided to forgo taking Harry to the Ministry, but instead to Voldemort directly.  Bellatrix Lestrange incapacitating Snatchers at Malfoy Manor When Bellatrix Lestrange learned that Harry had been caught, she immediately sought to summon Voldemort. She planned to do this, until she noticed one of the Snatchers had the Sword of Gryffindor, which was supposed to be in her vault at Gringotts. From her drastic change in tone of voice and her worries that they would all perish, Harry determined that another Horcrux was hidden there, as well. Bellatrix isolated Hermione for interrogation based on the knowledge that she was Muggle-born, stating that she wished to talk "girl to girl with her" and proceeded to brutally torture her with the Cruciatus Curse. While being tortured Hermione lied, claiming that the Sword was just a copy. Harry convinced Griphook (a goblin prisoner) to support this story, knowing that Bellatrix would interrogate Griphook next, as she would want a goblin's opinion on the Sword.  Dobby dropping the chandelier, allowing the prisoners time to escape In panic as Hermione screamed in pain upstairs, and Ron sobbed at hearing her, Harry called out for help — a cry heard by Aberforth Dumbledore through a fragment of a two-way mirror in the cellar. Aberforth sent Dobby the house-elf to rescue the prisoners. Harry had him take Luna Lovegood, Garrick Ollivander, and Dean Thomas to Shell Cottage, while he and Ron went to rescue Hermione. On the way, they had to fight Peter Pettigrew, whose silver hand strangled him to death when he hesitated to kill Harry, who reminded him that he had once saved his life. A skirmish ensued upstairs, during which Harry took Draco Malfoy's wand from him, and he and Ron saved Hermione and Griphook with Dobby's assistance.  Dobby dying in Harry's arms on the beach at Shell Cottage As they escaped Malfoy Manor by Apparition, Bellatrix Lestrange threw a silver dagger to where they were Disapparating.
Harry was initially relieved to realise he had managed to apparate to Shell Cottage with Ron, Hermione, and Dobby in tow, but was horrified to see the knife protruding from the elf's chest. Harry managed to lie him on the grass, where Dobby collapsed and died in Harry's arms, his last words being Harry's name. Luna (whom he saved) told him it was better to close his eyes so he'd be sleeping.  Harry decided that he would not dig Dobby's grave with magic, opting instead to do so manually, using a shovel. This was his way of both repaying Dobby's bravery and ebbing his own grief, as his time, effort, and sweat went into the grave. As he dug, he got glimpses of Lord Voldemort furiously punishing Bellatrix Lestrange, the Malfoys, and the others that were present in the manor for their failure to keep him in their custody and allowing him and the other prisoners to escape.  Harry in front of Dobby's grave after having dug it without the use of magic Harry, his scar now burning temptingly threatening to have Voldemort's thoughts engulf him, was finally able to learn control of denying Voldemort's entry into his mind. He attributed this to his grief and love for Dobby. While digging the grave, more understanding came to Harry. He realised that though the Deathly Hallows were tempting objects, Dumbledore had tasked him with destroying Horcruxes. He decided to trust Dumbledore, reaffirming his faith in his mentor. During the funeral, Luna Lovegood gave a short eulogy to Dobby, and Harry managed to say his final goodbye to one of his most loyal friends.  Harry speaking with Griphook about what lies within the Lestrange vault at Gringotts Following the death of Dobby, Harry, Ron, and Hermione stayed at Shell Cottage for some time. During their stay, the trio formed a plan to break into the Lestrange Vault to obtain the Horcrux within, with the help of Griphook. Due to the fact that Griphook would only help in exchange for Godric Gryffindor's Sword, Harry decided to word his request so that the handover would not take place until after Harry had used it to dispose of the remaining Horcruxes.   Harry also found out information regarding the Elder Wand from Ollivander. He learned that his hunch that Elder Wand was real and that Voldemort was going abroad to search for it was correct. Harry also learned some complex wandlore, such as what happens when a wand's allegiance changes to that of another individual and that a wand's allegiance doesn't necessarily have to change hands through murder, as most (including Lord Voldemort) believed with regards to the Elder Wand.  Harry speaking with Ollivander about the Elder Wand Although feeling guilty for the deception, Harry knew that the sword was their only known weapon against the Horcruxes. The other residents of Shell Cottage could not fail to notice the trio's behaviour. Bill Weasley took Harry aside and advised Harry to be cautious when making deals with Griphook who Harry was increasingly disliking;
Bill elaborated some wisdom that only one who lived in the company of goblins, such as himself, could impart. Namely how a goblin saw the maker of an object as the latter's true owner and master, not whoever purchased it from the former. Harry started to defend that if the object in question was bought proper, then the new ownership over it must mean that the manufacturer acknowledged the transfer, rendering the buyer as the new owner.   Harry during his time a Shell Cottage, planning the break-in Bill cut him off, correcting the younger wizard's naive way of thinking, insisting that goblins would merely consider the item "rented" and must therefore be returned to the original maker at the death of the person it was sold to, and wizards and witches habitually passing such down as familial heirlooms, through their generations without intermittent pay per subsequent ownership, basically equated to thievery in a goblin's judgement. Around the same time, Remus Lupin came to Shell Cottage bearing tidings of new birth. He asked Harry to be the godfather of his newborn child, Edward Lupin. It seemed as if the incident between them at 12 Grimmauld Place had never occurred. As Harry thinks about his upcoming heist, he wonders if he's becoming as reckless a godfather to Teddy as Sirius had been to him.  The trio and Griphook left Shell Cottage early on the morning of 1 May to break into Gringotts. Hermione disguised herself as notorious Death Eater Bellatrix Lestrange, using Polyjuice Potion. The goal was to try and fool the goblins at Gringotts into believing that it was really Bellatrix who was entering the vault. The trio had Bellatrix's wand that Harry had captured at Malfoy Manor as further proof for the disguise. Ron was Transfigured to look like a foreign wizard named Dragomir Despard, and Harry had Griphook on his shoulders; both were under the Invisibility Cloak.  Hermione impersonating Bellatrix Lestrange (Harry and Griphook under the Invisibility Cloak) Their plan proceeded reasonably well; Hermione made a convincing Bellatrix, despite a close encounter with a Death Eater named Travers, whose suspicions seemed to be eased and accompanied the group to Gringotts. Two human guards there had Probity Probes that detected concealment charms, and Harry used a Confundus Charm on them to get Hermione passed unchecked. Inside, the Goblins requested Bellatrix's identification. When Hermione hesitated, one nervously said that her wand was sufficient proof, though Hermione claimed it was new. Harry suspected the goblins knew that Bellatrix's wand was stolen and were looking for an impostor.  Griphook told Harry to use the Imperius Curse, he complied and Bogrod then accepted the wand as being correct. Bogrod requested the Clankers, and then led the trio, Griphook, and Travers into a passageway. The door slammed shut, and Harry sent Travers away to hide. Bogrod, still under the Imperius curse, summoned a cart that descended deep within Gringotts. After many twists and turns, the cart passed through Thief's Downfall, a security waterfall that washed away all illusion charms. When the cart
overturned and dumped them out, Hermione and Ron had been reverted to themselves. Griphook believed the other Goblins knew they were impostors, but Harry wanted to continue and cursed Bogrod again.  Harry searching for Hufflepuff's Cup inside the Lestrange Vault The trio and Griphook found the vault guarded by an aged, half-blind dragon. Griphook subdued it using the Clankers. Hearing pursuit approaching, Harry forced Bogrod to open the vault, which was filled with precious objects. Hermione screamed in pain, and they discovered that the vault's protective charms included the Flagrante and Gemino curses: the contents would multiply and become searing hot every time something was touched. Harry spotted Hufflepuff's Cup, the Horcrux, but it was out of reach. Hermione levitated Harry by the ankle and he snagged the cup by using Gryffindor's sword, as to not be burned by the metal. Meanwhile, Hermione, Ron, Griphook and Bogrod all struggled to stay above the searing-hot rapidly multiplying objects below.  The trio escaping Gringotts on the back of a half-blind Ukrainian Ironbelly As Harry was setting himself down, he dropped both the sword and the cup. Griphook grabbed the sword, and flipped Hufflepuff's cup up into the air. Harry caught it, ignoring the searing heat. Borne by a treasure avalanche spilling from the now-opened vault, Griphook ran off with Gryffindor's sword, yelling that thieves were in the vault. Harry, Hermione, and Ron hurled curses at the goblin throng. Harry released the half-blind dragon and the three jumped on its back. The freed dragon took flight, and the three blasting holes into the ceiling for it to fly through as they made their escape.  The trio Apparating into Hogsmeade before the start of the final battle A vision from Voldemort helped Harry realise that the third Horcrux, whilst unbeknownst to him at the time, Ravenclaw's Diadem, remained at Hogwarts. Harry, Ron, and Hermione set out on their final mission to return to the school and obtain the diadem, inadvertently tripping the Caterwauling Charm upon Apparating to Hogsmeade and thereby alerting the waiting Death Eaters to their presence. Due to the trio being under the Invisibility Cloak, however, the Death Eaters resorted to unleashing Dementors into the streets to try to force the intruders out of hiding.  Having no choice, Harry conjured his Patronus to protect himself and his friends, automatically giving away their position and confirming their identities (the Death Eaters having been pre-warned that Harry Potter's Patronus took the form of a stag). As Death Eaters began to close in on the still invisible trio, Aberforth Dumbledore emerged from the Hog's Head, hurriedly telling the three to enter his pub. While Harry, Ron, and Hermione did so, Aberforth remained outside, proclaiming to the Death Eaters that it was he who tripped the alarm (by letting his cat out) and conjured the Patronus to ward off the Dementor threat; mockingly contradicting a Death Eater, saying that what he had seen was a goat Patronus rather than a stag. The incensed Death Eaters believed this and retreated.  D.A. members in the
Room of Requirement welcoming Harry back on 1 May After Aberforth re-entered his pub and home, he scolded them for coming to Hogsmeade advising them to leave the country. After Harry engaged in a brief and fierce argument with him, he led the grateful trio directly into Hogwarts through a secret entrance behind the portrait of his deceased sister, Ariana Dumbledore. Neville Longbottom (acting as their escort) then guided them into the Room of Requirement, where they were enthusiastically greeted by the reconstituted Dumbledore's Army; most of which were beaten and bruised, yet ready to fight the Death Eaters controlling the school. Harry tried to tell them that he, Ron, and Hermione only returned to find something, but Neville contacted other allies with a call to arms. Harry was initially reluctant to allow the others to help, as he had developed trust issues. But in an attempt to be a better man than Dumbledore (whom he feared he was turning into) and after some discussion with Ron and Hermione, he allowed it.  Harry and Luna entering Ravenclaw Tower Harry hesitantly asked the room at large if they had ever heard of any sort of legendary artefact belonging to one of the Founders of Hogwarts. Luna Lovegood then elaborated on the fabled Diadem of Ravenclaw, pronouncing that a statue in Ravenclaw Tower depicted Rowena Ravenclaw wearing a diadem. Harry, having no idea of what the diadem looked like, was led by Luna to the Ravenclaw Common Room to observe the statue. Here the pair were ambushed by Alecto Carrow who pressed her Dark Mark immediately upon noticing Harry, summoning Voldemort, before Luna stunned her from under the Invisibility Cloak. Amycus Carrow attempted to force his way through the common room door, designed only to open after the door-knocker's question was correctly answered, by seeking the help of Minerva McGonagall, who easily allowed him entry by solving the door's riddle herself; by that time, Harry had managed to rejoin Luna under the Invisibility Cloak.  Amycus (in fear of his master's wrath) suggested framing Alecto's apparently mistaken summoning of the former on the Ravenclaw students; as he did, he spontaneously devised a lie that made it seem as though the students had forced Alecto to touch her Dark Mark at wand-point. In her outrage, McGonagall strongly insinuated that Amycus was a coward for proposing such an idea and that she would not allow it. Carrow spat in McGonagall's face in retaliation, utterly enraging Harry who suddenly revealed himself while momentarily casting the Cruciatus Curse on the surprised Carrow. The curse sent Amycus flying backwards into the wall where he crumpled and fell unconscious. Harry then told McGonagall about the mission Dumbledore had left him, and she offered to hold Voldemort and his invading forces off, buying him the time he needed to search for the Horcrux. All students of age, the D.A., and the members of the Order of the Phoenix who had arrived to fight prepared themselves for the impending siege. The Battle of Hogwarts began as Voldemort and his army approached
the outer boundaries of the school.  McGonagall, Mrs Weasley, and the suits of armour preparing for battle On 2 May, Lord Voldemort upon arrival at Hogwarts, demanded that the school turn over Harry, and the Battle of Hogwarts began. Harry realised that the positioning of Alecto Carrow in Ravenclaw Tower confirmed the Horcrux's identity. It was the lost diadem of Ravenclaw. After thinking on it for some seconds, he went to ask the Grey Lady about the diadem. From her information, Harry surmised that the Horcrux had been hidden in the Room of Requirement. Harry, in the meantime, was worried about Hermione and Ron, who seemed to have disappeared. They had gone into the Chamber of Secrets, where Hermione destroyed Helga Hufflepuff's Cup with basilisk fangs, which were one of the few weapons able to destroy Horcruxes.  The trio escaping from Fiendfyre that was cast by Vincent Crabbe The trio quickly headed for the Room of Requirement where Harry remembered seeing the Diadem the previous year. However, Draco Malfoy, Vincent Crabbe, and Gregory Goyle ambushed them. After a skirmish, the entire room was destroyed by the cursed fire Crabbe unleashed but could not control. Harry managed to fly himself and Malfoy out, while Ron and Hermione grabbed Goyle, but Crabbe perished in the flames that also destroyed the diadem. With one Horcrux remaining, Harry, Ron, and Hermione continued their pursuit of Nagini, but before they could go search for it, they witnessed the death of Fred Weasley. This incensed Ron and Harry, but Hermione reminded them that only they could finish Voldemort and that to obtain the final Horcrux they would have to do their share of fighting.   They fought their way to the Shrieking Shack. Along the way, Harry witnessed many scenes of horror. On the grounds, Voldemort's Dementors were waiting. After having seen so much pain and death, Harry could not summon the happiness required to conjure a Patronus. In fact, Harry almost welcomed the oblivion that would come with the Dementor's Kiss. But, after seeing the patronuses conjured by Luna Lovegood, Ernie Macmillan, and Seamus Finnigan, Harry summoned the will to conjure his and managed to drive the Dementors away. Snape's last moments, during which he gave Harry his memories Once the trio arrived at the Shrieking Shack, they witnessed Voldemort order Nagini to kill Snape, as he believed that Snape was preventing him from being the true owner of the Elder Wand. Dumbledore was the previous owner of the wand, and as Snape killed him, Voldemort believes with Snape's demise, he will finally gain true mastery of the wand. Before he died, Snape gave Harry memories to view in the Pensieve and asked him to look into his eyes. Upon returning to the castle, Harry saw the corpses of Remus Lupin and Nymphadora Tonks near Fred's, and he felt devastated. He left his friends behind to use Albus Dumbledore's Pensieve, welcoming the time in another's head to distract him from what was happening in his own.  Harry using Dumbledore's Pensieve to view Snape's
memories during the one-hour armistice During a one-hour ceasefire, Harry viewed the memories given by a dying Snape, which revealed to him that he had inadvertently been turned into a Horcrux himself. This occurred when Voldemort attempted to murder him as a baby. Because Lily Potter's loving sacrifice made Voldemort's Killing Curse rebound and a fragment of his soul latched itself onto the only living thing it could find: Harry himself. This led to the awful truth being revelled, that Voldemort had to kill him in order to be rendered mortal. Harry was unwillingly tethering Voldemort to life.  Harry also learned that Snape was, all along, with Dumbledore because he loved Lily Evans, since before they started school. It was clear that Harry's life span had always been determined by how long it took to get rid of the Horcruxes, and that it was an elegant plan not to waste any more lives but to give the tasks to the boy who had already been marked for death, and whose death would not be tragic but simply another blow against Voldemort. Heavy of heart, Harry courageously slipped off on his own to carry out this dreadful task. He felt ghostly as he strode through the castle's empty halls, feeling as if he was already dead.  Harry standing with his deceased loved ones while facing Voldemort As Harry passed the Great Hall, he could not see Hermione, Ron, or the other Weasleys, nor Luna. He felt he would have given anything for one last look at them, but then he thought he would never be able to stop looking. He also came to realise that Luna had become one of his closest and dearest friends. During his way to Voldemort, he saw the corpse of Colin Creevey, who snuck back into the castle to fight despite being underage and remarked that Colin looked "tiny in death". Harry in a moments decision told Neville to slay Nagini, if he could, as Ron and Hermione might be too busy to do so. He passed Ginny, who was comforting a small girl, and almost wished she could have seen him, but under the Invisibility Cloak, this was impossible. As he passed Hagrid's hut on the grounds, he emotionally remembered his trips there, particularly rock cakes, Ron vomiting slugs, and baby dragon Norbert.  Harry willingly letting Voldemort hit him with the Killing Curse Harry then entered the Forbidden Forest, where he managed to open the Golden Snitch, which said on it, "I open at the close"; and the words to open it were, "I'm about to die"; this revealed the Resurrection Stone contained within. Harry used it to speak to the spirits of his parents, Sirius Black, and Remus Lupin, who gave him comfort and courage before he met Voldemort and offered to shield him from the Dementors. They set off, and the Dementor's chill did not overcome him; his companions acted like Patronuses, and Harry continued deeper in the forest to find Voldemort. As Harry approached the Death Eater camp, he dropped the
Resurrection Stone. Harry offered no resistance as Voldemort struck him with the Killing Curse. His last thoughts were of Ginny: her red hair, blazing looks, and the feel of her lips upon his before everything went black.   However, the "death" he met was not permanent: the blood Voldemort had taken from Harry to restore his physical form in 1995 still contained the Bond of Blood, anchoring him to life and protecting Harry from Voldemort's curse, and his willingness to die triggered protections on the people of Hogwarts similar to the protections he received from his mother's sacrifice. Also, since he had part of Voldemort's soul in him, Voldemort's Killing Curse unknowingly destroyed the part of Voldemort's soul, leaving one Horcrux left.  Harry in the Limbo speaking with a deceased Albus Dumbledore Harry entered a state of limbo, where he met the spirit of Albus Dumbledore and the piece of Voldemort's soul that had just been destroyed. Dumbledore explained everything to Harry saying that he had "no more secrets from Harry", with Harry seeing a side of Dumbledore that no one else ever had. After reconciling with his mentor, Harry made the choice to return to the physical world. He had the option of boarding a train and continuing to the afterlife with Dumbledore.  Narcissa Malfoy telling Voldemort and the gathered Death Eaters that Harry was "dead" Harry woke up, but feigned death. He was assisted in this by Narcissa Malfoy, who had secretly turned against Voldemort by telling him Harry was dead in order to protect her son, because she knew the only way she would be permitted to enter Hogwarts was with the rest of the Death Eaters in their victory march. Voldemort then triumphantly disgraced Harry's "dead" body with the Cruciatus Curse then forced Hagrid to carry Harry's body back to Hogwarts, proclaiming Harry dead and demanding surrender. At first, the surviving fighters were heartbroken, especially Ron, Hermione, Ginny, and Professor McGonagall. They screamed abuse at the Death Eaters in anger, remaining defiant. Harry's apparent death had spurred the defenders of Hogwarts on.  Neville Longbottom courageously stood up to Voldemort, and when the latter offered Neville a rank in his Death Eater society, Neville proudly refused and screamed to the high heavens, "Dumbledore's Army!" Voldemort cast the Full Body-Bind Curse, then Summoned the Sorting Hat and placed it upon Neville's head. After he announced that there would be no houses and that the school colours would be those loyal to Salazar Slytherin, he caused the hat to burst into flames. As Neville cried in pain, a distant uproar came from the direction of the school boundaries. Centaurs, thestrals, Buckbeak the hippogriff, Hagrid's half brother Grawp, and the families of the Hogwarts students who remained to fight, plus the shop and home keepers of Hogsmeade joined the fight with a flourish.  Voldemort gloating over Harry's 'death', Neville slaying Nagini, and the second half of the battle breaking out This distracted Voldemort and his Death Eaters, and Neville was able to pull off the Sorting Hat,
and from its depths he received the Sword of Gryffindor and sliced off Nagini's head in one swift, fluid motion. Harry slipped away in the ensuing mêlée under the Invisibility Cloak. Death Eaters started to fold under sheer weight of numbers as the house-elves in the kitchens joined the battle, with Kreacher at its front, declaring war against the Dark Lord in the name of brave Regulus Black. Using his Invisibility Cloak, Harry protected the defenders of Hogwarts from attack, deflecting Voldemort's curses. Soon, only Voldemort and Bellatrix Lestrange were the only two remaining and fighting, with Voldemort duelling McGonagall, Slughorn, and Kingsley at once, and Bellatrix duelling Hermione, Luna, and Ginny. Harry was torn between the two until he saw a Killing Curse aimed at Ginny, the latter missing death by a mere inch.  Harry redirected his path to Bellatrix, until being roughly knocked aside by Molly Weasley, who duelled and ultimately killed Bellatrix. Voldemort's fury at the fall of his last, best lieutenant exploded with the force of a bomb and Harry turned in to see McGonagall, Slughorn, and Kingsley blasted backwards in pain and Voldemort directing his wand at Molly. Harry then cast a Shield Charm to protect her from Voldemort's wrath, revealing himself for the final duel.  Harry's final defeat of Lord Voldemort and the end of the Second Wizarding War Unbeknownst to Voldemort, mastery of the Elder Wand, which he had stolen from Dumbledore's grave, had not been taken from Dumbledore by Snape, but by Draco Malfoy, because Draco had disarmed Dumbledore on the night of his murder, before Snape killed him. Thus, when Harry had disarmed Malfoy in Malfoy Manor weeks earlier, he had become the true master of the Elder Wand.  When Harry and Voldemort faced off for the last time, Harry tried to tell him this and about the other mistakes he had made. Harry also asked him to feel some remorse for his actions, which Voldemort instantly rejected. Voldemort cast the Killing Curse, and Harry countered with the Disarming Charm. The Elder Wand refused to attack its master, and the Killing Curse rebounded, destroying Voldemort once and for all, as the most powerful wand in the world fell into the hands of its true master at last.  The battle-worn trio in the morning after the battle Immediately, Harry was surrounded by overjoyed fellow fighters; Hermione and Ron reached him first, and then Ginny, Neville, and Luna. Victory celebrations began and Harry was an indispensable part of the grief and celebration.   The trio visited Albus Dumbledore's portrait, and along the way he explained everything to his two best friends. Harry decided to prevent the Deathly Hallows from ever being reunited again by keeping the Cloak of Invisibility, leaving the Resurrection Stone where it lay in the Forbidden Forest, and returning the Elder Wand to Dumbledore's grave, but not before using it to fix his wand.  When Voldemort destroyed the piece of his soul residing in Harry, Harry lost the ability to speak Parseltongue.[94] It is possible, however,
that he regained the ability later.  Harry and Ginny Potter with their three children Harry ensured that Severus Snape's portrait was hung in the Headmaster's office at Hogwarts.[95] He also made occasional visits to the school to give lectures to the students on Defence Against the Dark Arts. At some point, the trio were featured on Chocolate Frog Cards for their accomplishments.  Harry was also on "Christmas card" terms with his cousin Dudley Dursley and his family, and occasionally visited him, which were occasions dreaded by his own children.[96] Harry also made peace with his former rival Draco Malfoy, something that his father and his friends were never able to do with Severus Snape. They were civil towards each other; however, their schoolboy enmity meant that they were still not friends at this stage.  Also following the war, he aided in the care of his godson, Teddy Lupin, thus fulfilling the role that his own godfather, Sirius Black, never got to play. Harry and Teddy eventually became very close. Harry's children commented that they wanted Teddy to move in with the family, Harry mentioned that Teddy had already been coming to their home for dinner four times a week, and that he was practically living with them as it was.[97] The Potters were also thrilled at the idea that Teddy, who was seen snogging Victoire Weasley (the eldest daughter of Bill and Fleur Weasley) might officially become a part of their family.  Harry Potter as a young Auror At the end of the Second Wizarding War, Harry was recruited by the new Minister for Magic Kingsley Shacklebolt and became an Auror at the British Ministry of Magic. Kingsley permitted those who had fought in the final battle to become Aurors without getting their N.E.W.T.s, as surviving such a battle satisfied the skill and character requirements.[98]  Along with his friend Ron Weasley, Harry was considered an expert and helped reform and revolutionise the Auror department and the rest of the Ministry, along with Hermione Granger, who became a high ranking official in the Department of Magical Law Enforcement.[52] In 2007, Harry became the Head of the Auror Office at the age of 26 or 27.[51]  Harry meeting the student at King's Cross On 1 September 2008,[99] Harry arrived at King's Cross Station and guided a Muggle-born student to the barrier that connected to Platform Nine and Three-Quarters.[100] During the 2008–2009 school year, the same Muggle-born student and their friends went to the Hogwarts Library to look for clues about malfunctioning broomsticks. While doing so, they found information on Harry's Quidditch accomplishments, including him being the youngest house player in a century and that he had caught his first Golden Snitch with his mouth. They also found images of his first year Quidditch uniform, with Robyn Thistlethwaite being surprised by how small he was at the time, although she acknowledged that his light and speedy frame was perfect for a Seeker.[101]  In 2010, when third-year students went to Hogsmeade for the first time, Harry was also there
with Rubeus Hagrid, drinking Butterbeer in the Three Broomsticks Inn. When Harry choked on it, Hagrid patted him on the back.[102]  Harry and the student on the Quidditch pitch At some point later, Harry returned to Hogwarts to give a Defence Against the Dark Arts lecture at the request of Professor Minerva McGonagall. During this period of time Harry frequently gave lectures on the subject.[52] While at the castle, he met the same Muggle-born student he helped across the platform barrier. The two met in the Great Hall. They then went to the Quidditch pitch and the Viaduct Courtyard and talked about their memories.[102]  Harry after casting the Patronus Charm that ended the battle When Hogwarts was under attack by Dementors and other Dark creatures, Harry returned to the school and cast the final Patronus Charm that ended the battle. He also saw individuals by the forests wearing white masks, who he suspected may have been the culprits of the attacks. He then talked to the students and staff and, as an Auror, promised to look into the case properly.[103]  Harry was also invited by George Weasley to help sell his joke products, competing against George's brother Ron who preferred more conventional ones. George wrote Harry's identity of the "Chosen One" into the slogan he prepared for Harry. Though Ron was Harry's best friend, George pointed out that since Harry was the funder of their joke shop, he needed to think less about the "best friends" stuff. George convinced Harry that new products were likely to attract more customers.   Hermione and Harry meeting the student at Zonko's When they were doing a sale at Zonko's Joke Shop, Harry was chatting with Hermione, who was Ron's helper, when they met the same Muggle-born student and talked about these events. The student asked if this was purely them doing business, but Harry admitted he really was fed up with classical jokes, saying that anyone who had been bitten by a Nose-Biting Teacup dozens of times would not be tricked again, which he believed was the reason why Fred and George founded their shop so that they could invent new products, and succeeded in doing so, making their products very popular in the market. He then gave the student some tokens to buy some products and see for themselves.[104]  On Horace Slughorn's birthday, Harry went back to Hogwarts and gave him a cake that smelt like pineapple. They recalled Harry's mother Lily giving Slughorn Francis, and were possibly joined by the Muggle-born student.[105]  Harry and his children at the 2014 Quidditch World Cup Harry had married Ginny likely sometime before 2005, but certainly by 2014.[106][107] By 2017, the couple had three children of their own: two sons James Sirius and Albus Severus, and one daughter Lily Luna. Harry attended the final of the 2014 Quidditch World Cup in early July in the Patagonian Desert. Harry, James, and Albus joined Ginny Potter, who had been in Patagonia since the start of the Cup, in her capacity of special Quidditch
correspondent to the Daily Prophet.[108]  Harry along with his family (including Teddy Lupin) and Dumbledore's Army were granted access to the VIP section of the campsite. Harry embraced Viktor Krum, who was competing again after being retired for a few years, upon meeting him and introduced him to his sons, James and Albus.[109] He supported Bulgaria in the match together with the rest of his family (save for Albus) and looked "emotional" when Viktor Krum and his team had won the match. While at the game Harry also sported a nasty cut over his right cheekbone, which was a result of his top-secret work for the British Auror Office.  On 31 July 2014, Rita Skeeter launched a book at Flourish and Blotts titled Dumbledore's Army: The Dark Side of the Demob, regarding the lives of the members of Dumbledore's Army. The book according to Rita's description, seemed to focus on the D.A. members "imperfections". Harry and Ginny were featured on the front cover, Harry trying to hide their faces behind his hand. Rita also wrote a mostly fictionalised biography about Harry, with an unnamed title.  Harry with his family at King's Cross Station in 2017 escorting his sons to Platform 9¾ On 1 September 2017, Harry and Ginny took their three children to King's Cross Station to see James and Albus off to Hogwarts. There, they met Ron and Hermione and their two children, Harry's niece Rose and nephew Hugo. When Albus expressed a fear that he might be Sorted into Slytherin House, Harry told his son that Albus was named after two Hogwarts Headmasters of whom one was a Slytherin and "probably the bravest man [he] ever knew". Harry assured him that his parents would be proud of him regardless of where he was Sorted. He also told him that the Sorting Hat would take his preferences into consideration, which happened to him when he was being Sorted. This was a secret he had never shared with his other children.  When Harry picked Albus up from King's Cross, who had returned from a year at Hogwarts, he was surprised to find Albus distant and colder. This distance was in direct response to the pressure Albus felt regarding Harry's legacy and the expectations that others put on him because of it. Albus and Scorpius Malfoy became fast friends during the year, as they were kindred spirits — they both carry a burden stemming from their family identity and feel that they are misfits and "losers" in comparison with the other students at Hogwarts. Harry did not like this and he questioned why Albus was content to have only the one friend. Their relationship would stay strained for the next couple of years to come.  Harry seeing James, Lily, and Rose off to Hogwarts, while Albus stood off to the side In September 2018, Harry took Albus to King's Cross again. He was hurt when Albus told him he wanted to be alone. This stemmed from all the pedestrians watching the two, Albus felt as though they were
watching the famous Harry Potter and "his disappointing son". Harry told him not to be bothered by people looking and thought his friendship with Scorpius Malfoy, the child of his rival, was the reason why Albus wanted nothing to do with him. Harry then demanded Albus sever their friendship, but his son refused.  In September 2019, Harry took Albus to King's Cross yet again where he gave Albus the permission slip he needed to visit Hogsmeade. Albus destroyed the slip by burning it, stating that he had no wish to go to Hogsmeade and left his father behind. This in turn caused Harry to become angry with him. Their father-son relationship continued to deteriorate, going from bad to worse.  By late summer of 2020, Harry had been made Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement.[110] After hearing a rumour about an illegal and very powerful Time-Turner, Harry and his team of Aurors raided the Nott residence and confiscated it. Harry defeated Nott in a duel and then arrested him. He was arrested for the illegal possession of an unregistered and advanced Time-Turner.[111]  Nott had created at least two Time-Turners for Lucius Malfoy, who was paying him for his services. The prototype, which was restricted by a boundary of five minutes, was seized by Potter and later used by his son to travel to the past. The improved Time-Turner, which gleamed gold and allowed the traveller to stay in the past for an unlimited time, was kept by Lucius who never used it.[4]  Harry turned the prototype Time-Turner over to Hermione (the Minister for Magic) for safekeeping. While in his paper laden workoffice, he and Hermione spoke about recent activity among Voldemort's former allies and how action must be taken. They discuess the "mountain trolls riding Graphorns through Hungary, giants with winged tattoos on their backs walking through the Greek Seas, and the werewolves that have gone entirely underground".[110]  Harry gifting Albus with his old baby blanket Harry was later visited at home by Amos Diggory, who had heard he might have the Time-Turner. Whom he supposedly learned this information from is unknown. While Albus and Delphi Diggory (who claimed to be Amos' carer and niece) listened in, Amos demanded Harry go back in time and save Cedric. Amos proceeded to tell Harry that Cedric was more then a spare and that he deserved a chance to life a full life. However, Harry refused due to the implications of intervening greatly with the past, as changing the past can have severe consequences on the future. This caused Amos to react negatively, calling Harry cold. Later that night Harry attempted to reconcile with Albus.  Harry's relationship with Albus had strained increasingly since he had left for Hogwarts. In an effort to mend things, Harry spoke to Albus and tried to give him the old baby blanket he received from his mother Lily. He did this in the hope a reminder of what happened would make him change his behaviour. This was a significant and sentimental gift on
Harry's part, as it was the only physical piece of his mother that he had. When Albus rejected the gift, it led to an argument in which they both expressed the wish that they were not related. Harry regretted what he said, but it was too late to take it back.  Harry's awoken from a nightmare after his scar pains him for the first time in many years Harry began to experience nightmares and pains in his scar, something that he had not experienced since his final defeat of Voldemort. Ginny tried to comfort him and proceeded to ask what was wrong. When Harry explained, they decided to let Hermione know. Harry took his scar hurting to be an ominous sign and it left him with many worries concerning his son and the outcome of the future.  He and Hermione held a public meeting, but the community was not convinced there is a threat, as they were not willing to accept that danger was once again imminent. Draco accused Harry of only wanting his name in the papers and proceeded to storm out of the public meeting. Later on Harry, Ginny, and Draco then learnt that Albus and Scorpius were missing. This prompted Draco to start a duel with Harry, Ginny was quick to interrupt it, before it got out of hand. They had decided to retrieve the Time-Turner and help Amos save Cedric. Ginny concluded Albus ran away after his argument with Harry, and Draco was upset that Scorpius had been pulled into their family issues.  Albus and Scorpius's time-travelling antics created two separate alternate timelines. This was something that could have disastrous effects for everyone. In one, Harry received a dream revealing Albus's location in the Forbidden Forest. As he and the others searched, Harry came across the centaur Bane. Bane warned him that a "dark cloud" haunted Albus. He took this "dark cloud" to mean Scorpius and his doubts regarding his son's friendship with him strengthened even more. He, Ron, and Ginny found the boys just after they return from the past. Scorpius was uninjured, but Albus sustained a broken arm.  Harry conversing with the portrait of Albus Dumbledore Albus was brought to the school's hospital wing, where Harry conversed with a portrait of Albus Dumbledore. After Harry aired decades of pent-up emotion left over from the horrors of his childhood and Dumbledore reassuring him he did what he though was best for Harry's well being at the time, the portrait advised him to see Albus as he is. Harry demanded that Albus break off his association with Scorpius. He even went so far as to bully Headmistress Minerva McGonagall into using the Marauder's Map to keep them apart. This was something that he would not normally do. Harry's worry for his son had intensified so much that it blinded him to the bigger picture.  When Albus and Scorpius went time travelling again, Harry and Ginny received a visit from Draco. He and Harry argued about their children, which resulted in a premature wizards'
duel. When Ginny intervened and reminded them their children were missing, Draco surprised them by explaining how lonely he was at Hogwarts and how lucky Harry was to have such great friendships.  Harry apologising to Professor McGonagall and attempting to locate the boys Harry and Draco finally gained a mutual respect for one another, and looked upon each other as friends. When Draco speaks of the great bond and sacrifices he has made for Scorpius and his late wife, Harry finally realised he was dangerously isolating Albus. They returned to Hogwarts, where Harry apologised to Professor McGonagall and they attempted to locate the boys, ultimately discovering that they had the Time-Turner.  However, in the other timeline, Albus and Scorpius had created a world where Harry had died at the Battle of Hogwarts. Fortunately, with the help of the alternate Hermione, Ron and Severus Snape, Scorpius managed to salvage the original timeline and returned both Harry, and Albus to life. Harry visited Albus in his dormitory where despite his anger, he manages to plant the seed for a reconciliation with Albus.  Harry visiting Albus in the Hospital Wing and the two beginning to reconcile Later, Harry and his friends learn that Albus and Scorpius were missing again and were last seen with Delphi. They went to see Amos to find out what he knows, and found out he had been Confunded by Delphi into believing she was his niece and carer.  Searching the room for clues to find out Delphi's true identity, they stumbled upon a prophecy that, if fulfilled, would enable the return of Voldemort, and realised Delphi's true identity as Voldemort's secret daughter with Bellatrix Lestrange. However, since they did not know where in time Delphi, Albus, and Scorpius were, they could only bide their time and wait.  At home, Harry looked at the blanket he had tried to give Albus. He noticed writing on it, and found out it was a message sent by Albus from the past. He and Ginny noticed the date, being 30 October, 1981 — one day before the night that Voldemort murdered Harry's parents. They alerted Ron and Hermione. Draco, who joined in, secretly revealed to them that his family had a Time-Turner that would be more potent and valuable than the one seized by the Ministry, which was merely a prototype and thus not as desirable to a true Death Eater.  Harry, Ron, Draco, and others travelling back in time to assist Albus and Scorpius They travelled back in time to join Albus and Scorpius. However, under Ginny's prodding, they realised that Delphi did not to want to kill baby Harry, but rather to stop Voldemort from doing so in the hope he would live and his reign would continue. Delphi thought she could make her father stronger as he would know love when he met her, which its lacking was what had originally led to his downfall.  Everyone agreed they had to transfigure Harry to look like Voldemort in the hope that they could fool Delphi
and hinder her in saving the real Voldemort. They picked Harry because he not only knew Voldemort well through the connection they shared when he was a Horcrux, but he now also understood Parseltongue again.  Delphi pleaded with her "father" to recognise her, which Harry managed before the transfiguration spell came undone. However, when Delphi sees she had been set up, she engaged in a fierce duel with Harry, who is later joined by his friends and Albus. They managed to subdue her and she pleaded that she only wants to know her father. A surprised Harry explained that this would not be possible; they cannot change the past.  Upon hearing the real Voldemort arrive to kill Harry's parents, Delphi tried calling out to him, but Hermione and Malfoy silenced her and sent her back to present day. Harry decided to watch the scene of his parents' murder once more, with Albus by his side, to provide a sense of closure for them. They later returned to the present when a devastated Hagrid arrived at the scene to bring Harry to the Dursleys.  Back at Hogwarts, Albus was asked by Harry to join him one afternoon for a hike up a steep hill. Harry revealed that he had brought Albus to Cedric Diggory's grave, which he regularly visited so he could apologise for his role in his death.  At some point during Kingsley's tenure as Minister, Harry helped advance werewolf rights by setting up an outreach programme.[112] He also proposed providing free Wolfsbane Potions to any werewolf who wanted the potion. However, his Wolfsbane proposal never came to fruition, as politics and protocols prevented it from happening.[112]  Shortly after, Harry was made the leader of the members of the Statute of Secrecy Task Force. This task force was an emergency response team established by the International Confederation of Wizards with the help of the British Ministry of Magic to deal with a series of large-scale breaches of the International Statute of Wizarding Secrecy known as the Calamity. He congratulated those who choose the career of an Auror, but warned them that it could either be the best or worst job depending on their abilities.  Harry introduced the Weakening Hex to the new Aurors, which lowered the damage their enemies caused. He would also teach and supervise practising duelling sessions, during which he outmatched them. However, their valiance allowed them to come out with increased power in their spells. For those pursuing a profession as Magizoologists, Harry gave them a lesson on maintaining confidence that eventually resulted in him teaching them the Bravery Charm, while he ran a class on detecting dark magic for those pursuing a Professor position.[112]  Harry was inspired by his experience with the late Remus Lupin to arrange a training course which was attended by all Statute of Secrecy Task Force members. The training course needed to be completed without a wand as spells flew towards the task force members, helping to teach them better tactical awareness and mobility. Along with his
wife, Ginny, and Professor Minerva McGonagall, his former teacher at Hogwarts, Harry held a panel at the Ministry where the three spoke about having parts of their lives turned into Foundables by the Calamity, with the emotional evening being attended by a Calamity Investigator working for the Statute of Secrecy Task Force.[112]  Harry later ran into the same Calamity Investigator at the Leaky Cauldron and engaged in a lively discussion about potions with them. He taught them Severus Snape's method of preparing Sopophorous beans by pressing them with the flat side of a knife to release more of their juice, which they used to reduce the brew time of their Dawdle Draught. Harry later met the same Calamity Investigator for tea, with the investigator convincing him that he needed to be more of an active public voice in order to best help the fight against the Calamity.[112]  After an article about his work with the Task Force was published in the Daily Prophet, several of Harry's belongings became Foundables. Hermione suspected that this had to do with the article.[113]  In the spring of 2021, The Unforgivable threatened Harry and Hermione after the two began wrenching control of Calamity surges away from the cabal. The two feared that their children would be targeted, but Harry insisted on continuing to fight against the Unforgivable. Harry redirected a Calamity surge and controlled it using memories of the Marauders. When Minerva McGonagall was uncharacteristically late in reporting to the SOS Task Force, Constance Pickering, Harry, and Hermione feared she had been attacked. By April, it became apparent that while Minerva was unharmed, Ginny had been attacked and Ron had been abducted.[114]  Following their attack on Ginny and Ron, the Unforgivable unleashed a surge of Dragon Adversaries. While this was disastrous, it allowed Harry to tap into somebody's memory of being forced to abduct Ron.[115] Shortly after, the Unforgivable unleashed a surge of Foundables related to Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes where Ron worked. While the Unforgivable succeeded in intimidating Harry and Hermione, Harry even enlisted the help of MACUSA in the hopes of finding his best friend, this attack only made Hermione even more determined to bring the cabal to justice.[116] The Unforgivable began a campaign of harassment and manipulation to secure their position preceding negotiations for Ron's returns, including implanting false memories in Molly of Ron crying and begging her to tell Harry and Hermione to listen to the Unforgivable so that he could return home. Molly instead instructed Hermione to "give them Hell".[116]  By the end of April, the Unforgivable had delivered their list of demands via notes dispatched within Foundables. In exchange for Ron's safe return, they not only wanted full command of the Calamity but for London Five victim Kit Gerrard and the defector informant Flavius Flint to be delivered to them. Hermione decided that she and Constance should use Polyjuice Potion to take the places of Gerrard and Flint as a means to infiltrate the Unforgivable, with Harry delivering them in exchange for Ron. It seemed the Unforgivable
were aware of this deception, as well as where the Ministry's defences were weakest, however.  Whilst duelling against members of the cabal, Constance was hit with a Blasting Curse but luckily came away with only mild burns. While Ron was recovering, albeit unconscious, the real Flavius and Kit were taken. When Constance returned from having her injuries healed at St Mungo's, she reported that Ron had woken up and his memories had been completely Obliviated, to the point where he could not even recognise his wife.[115] Hermione wondered if everything, including rescuing Ron, had been part of the cabal's plans all along. She and Harry considered the possibility of a mole in the Ministry or a Legilimens among the Unforgivable's ranks.[116]  In May 2021, Calamity surges surrounding baby magical creatures created the impression that the Unforgivable were involved in illegal poaching and trading of rare beasts. Fragments of a note apparently from Grim Fawley contained co-ordinates to a location in Cape Town, where Harry led a team of Aurors in order to stop a potential auction, and to find members of the cabal. Unfortunately, no auction took place, adding weight to the theory of a mole in the Ministry. Hermione used Truth Serum then erasing their memories of being interrogated by her. This method outed Gareth Greengrass as not only the mole but a high ranking member of the Unforgivable.[117]  Following his detention, Gareth Greengrass repeatedly proclaimed innocence and his colleagues in the Department of Mysteries called for his release, even going so far as to accuse Harry and Hermione of using the Imperius Curse to obtain a false confession. During this time, an Auror discovered that Gareth's strange habit of delivering Interdepartmental Memos via owl was part of a ruse. Gareth's owl was a Transfigured potions cabinet containing Polyjuice Potion. When tested, those who imbibed the potions turned into Hermione and the editor-in-chief of the Daily Prophet, linking Gareth Greengrass to the abduction of Ron and the attempted abduction of Ginny. A complication arose, however, when it became apparent one of the Polyjuice Potions had been tampered with during the month that Gareth was detained. Hermione concluded that this was part of an escape attempt and alerted Harry.[118]  Gareth Greengrass was eventually caught out and taken into custody in an official capacity, but remained tight-lipped until Harry rose the issue of Gareth's daughter. It was discovered that Cereus Greengrass suffered a blood malediction. Gareth and Harry formed an Unbreakable Vow, sealed by Constance Pickering, whereby Harry would find a cure for Gareth's daughter and in turn Gareth would help Harry uncover the identities of the Unforgivable. Harry visited St Mungo's and placed a large donation, securing special care for Cereus. By the time he returned, however, Gareth Greengrass was dead.  Harry in his second year, age 12 Harry was a near-spitting image of his father, having inherited his untidy jet-black hair that stuck up. However, his almond-shaped startlingly green eyes were identical to those of his mother. This strong resemblance was often remarked on by those
who had known his parents.  Harry's physique as a boy was described as "small and skinny", with a thin face and knobbly knees. This skinniness was due to his poor quality of life in his childhood. Despite the neglect he suffered, Harry seems to have grown at the same rate as James. When he was fifteen he was within an inch of James at the same age, and when he was seventeen he was exactly the same height his father was, and James was often described as tall. Harry was so much like his father that Harry mistook his future self for him while saving Sirius's life from the Dementors, although his father was then dead.  Harry wore round-rimmed glasses, peculiarly similar to his father's glasses. During his time hunting Voldemort's Horcruxes, Harry's black hair grew shoulder length as was described when he saw his reflection in Malfoy Manor. This was due to his preoccupation with the hunt for the Horcruxes and his lack of interest in his physical appearance, and it was the longest his hair had ever been.  Harry Potter in his sixth year, age 16 Upon Harry's forehead, covered by his unruly black hair, was a scar shaped like a lightning bolt. The scar was a result of the failed (and famed) Killing Curse cast on him by Lord Voldemort when he was an infant. It burned painfully whenever Voldemort was near Harry or feeling particularly strong emotions, but this stopped after Voldemort's death and was reduced into an ordinary scar.  Harry also had a faint scar on the back of his right hand which said "I must not tell lies". This scar was caused while Harry spent detentions with Dolores Umbridge, who forced him to use the Black Quill that carved the words into the back of his hand. In addition, Harry has an oval-shaped scar over his heart where the locket-Horcrux seared his skin during the confrontation with Nagini in Bathilda Bagshot's house, Godric's Hollow.  Middle-aged Harry Potter After Harry was possessed by Lord Voldemort after the Battle of the Department of Mysteries, Harry's eyes became somewhat glassy green in appearance, and his voice became a mixture of his own and Voldemort's.[17]  Harry had "great skin" and never suffered from zits.[119]  In the summer of 2014, Harry made an appearance in the Patagonian Desert, where he would attend the final of the 427th Quidditch World Cup with his family, sporting a nasty cut over his right cheekbone, which was a result of his top-secret work for the Auror Office. At age 33, Harry already had "a couple of threads of silver" in his hair, according to Daily Prophet gossip columnist Rita Skeeter.[109] When he was 40, Moaning Myrtle stated that Harry seemed to have gotten more handsome in his older age.[120]  Harry was an extremely brave, loyal, and selfless person who possessed tremendous strength of character. He willingly went to what he truly believed to be his death, because he believed that this was the only way to defeat
the Dark Lord. Harry was also marked by what Lord Voldemort once deemed a "weakness for heroics" — he would go to great lengths and take great risks in order to help others, particularly his loved ones. Notably, this was taken advantage of by Voldemort in 1996, when he lured Harry to the Department of Mysteries by making him believe that his godfather was in danger.[121] Harry was also very strong-willed and unafraid to stand up for himself. The fact that he was capable of repelling the Imperius Curse suggests that he had an unusually strong sense of himself and his morals.[122] Dumbledore once made parallels between Harry's traits and qualities that Salazar Slytherin looked for in his own hand-picked students. He also noted that Harry's choice not to draw on those qualities really defined who he was, rather than the simple fact that he had them.[123]  Harry resourcefully using the Sword of Gryffindor, as a way of retrieving Hufflepuff's cup from mounds of burning treasure Harry was perfectly prepared to put his friends' needs and best interests first, shown by how he ended his relationship with Ginny Weasley, due to his concern for her well being (even though being with her was one of the best things that ever happened to him).[124] The amount of trust that Harry put into his friends was so strong that he absolutely refused to consider that any of them would betray him to Voldemort. Considering that Harry knew a person (Peter Pettigrew) who had betrayed all of his closest friends to Voldemort, this proves Harry's ability to love so unequivocally.  The closeness that Harry felt for many was great enough for him to behave violently if any of them were harmed.[125] When his godfather was murdered by Bellatrix Lestrange, Harry attacked her in a grief-stricken rage of righteous anger and attempted to use the Cruciatus Curse on her. He also attacked Severus Snape after the latter murdered Dumbledore. Ironically, the only people with whom Harry ever initiated a duel were Snape and Bellatrix and he only desired to do so right after they killed someone he loved. This highlights Harry's bravery even further because Harry was fully aware that Snape and Bellatrix were two very skilled and experienced duellists, but did not hesitate to harm them as soon as he was pushed into it. This can also happen if a loved one of his is, even if it isn't true, insulted in front of him, as he so enraged he was seriously considering attacking Albus Dumbledore himself when he stated he believed Sirius was wrong to have treated Kreacher the way he did and that he was trying to keep Sirius alive by keeping him in 12 Grimmauld Place, as Harry believed that Dumbledore had no right, despite knowing fully well he was completely outmatched by Dumbledore, whom he acknowledged to be the greatest wizard in history, but fortunately for Harry Dumbledore did not resort to such means and calmly levelled with him.  However, Harry was also accused of being arrogant, in
particular by Severus Snape (although Snape's perspective was skewed due to his poor relationship with James Potter, and Harry often found being famous and admired very difficult), and could be hot-tempered and impulsive. This could sometimes make him rude to authority figures such as Professor Snape and Minister for Magic Rufus Scrimgeour. In contrast, Dumbledore stated that "many teachers report that [Harry's] modest, likeable, and reasonably talented".[41]  Harry brooding over the Snitch, left to him in Dumbledore's will Harry was prone to moodiness and unkind remarks towards even his friends during his adolescence, though this is likely the result of the great emotional stress and trials he endured during this period. Harry displayed many signs of clinical depression throughout his mid-to-late teens, however this extended to his older life. In his mid-to-late teens, Harry showed signs of these symptoms: general discontent, guilt, hopelessness, mood swings, insomnia (nightmares), agitation, irritability, social isolation and even lack of concentration. These symptoms were continued to be well into his mid ages. It was clear that Harry received limited assistance in his depression during his adolescence, although this was possibly improved in his later life.  Harry was also not one to let bygones be bygones. He had a vindictive streak that made him vengeful at best and spiteful at worse towards those who did him wrong. This varied from wanting to murder/torture those who had performed unforgivable acts like: Bellatrix, Voldemort, and Dolores Umbridge to a desire for pettiness towards: Ron Weasley, Draco Malfoy, Snape, and the Dursley's. Harry even wanted Sirius (before learning of his innocence) and Pettigrew to suffer the Dementor's kiss for their crimes and spent the entirety of the Horcrux hunt angry at Dumbledore for the latter's lack of trust.  Harry using his intelligence to decipher Hermione's message and to solve the mystery of the Chamber of Secrets Harry possessed an instinctual, intuitive intelligence. This intelligence allowed him to make intellectual leaps, as opposed to the logical intelligence of Hermione. For example, Harry divined the truth about the Deathly Hallows well before Hermione would accept it.[126] And although he was clever, Harry lacked intellectual curiosity. He rarely put forth effort into school work; for instance, he relied on the notes of the Half-Blood Prince to get ahead in his sixth year Potions class rather than devoting time to studying.[127] Although he did study reasonably hard for his Ordinary Wizarding Levels, the only set of wizarding qualifications he sat at Hogwarts. Harry generally did his best magical work when tackling practical exams rather than theoretical ones. This could be a result of the lack of confidence that Harry developed from growing up with the Dursleys.  Barty Crouch Jnr (disguised as Alastor Moody) remarked that Harry possessed a streak of pride and independence that almost cost him the Triwizard Tournament. His pride didn't allow him to ask for help regarding the problem of breathing underwater for an hour, which was required for the Second task that took place in the Black Lake, was what almost cost him the competition.[122] Harry was
also known for wanting to tackle challenges and obstacles on his own, without the aid or interference of others. His friends had to frequently remind him that he needed their assistance and that he "did not always have to go it alone".  Harry also seemed to have a bit of an obsessive personality, a trait he shared with his arch enemy Lord Voldemort. He could be somewhat nosy and was known for sleuthing around and getting involved in things that did not concern him. For instance, during his sixth year Harry became intensely preoccupied with finding out what Malfoy was doing in his free time.[127] He also developed on unhealthy obsession with the Deathly Hallows, to the point where he was listless with longing for the three artefacts. This period of listlessness lasted for many weeks during the hunt for Lord Voldemort's Horcruxes.  Harry and his love for Ginny Weasley, his then ex-girlfriend and future wife Harry's greatest strength was his ability to feel love, despite having a miserable childhood of neglect. Harry was extremely loyal to and protective of his loved ones and that love was what allowed him to overcome Voldemort. Dumbledore noted that Harry's strength of will at resisting the temptation of the Dark Arts, even when granted a direct insight into Voldemort's mind and methods was due to Harry's ability to love. Harry even claimed that he felt sorry for Voldemort because of his inability to feel or understand love. Ginny, his wife, commented that he was the kindest and most loving man anyone would ever meet.[128]  Albus Dumbledore noted that Harry was unfailingly kind and compassionate. This is shown by how he freed Dobby from the Malfoys and by standing up for Muggle-borns, half-bloods, and half-breeds (like Hagrid). This is likely attributable to his childhood, during which the Dursleys deprived him of compassion and discriminated against him due to his magical abilities. His compassionate led him to spare the life of Delphi, the daughter of Lord Voldemort, despite the history between himself and the Dark Lord. Also, Harry was not a cruel person and he never wished anyone harm. He rarely initiated duels, instead fighting in self-defence. Even after Bellatrix Lestrange had murdered his godfather, Harry failed to cast the Cruciatus Curse on her. Bellatrix noted the he had failed to cast the curse properly because he had cast it out of righteous anger and not malicious intent.[125] However, he did use the Cruciatus Curse more effectively on Amycus Carrow after he spat at and insulted Minerva McGonagall. In addition, he saved Peter Pettigrew from being killed by his (Pettigrew's) former friends Sirius Black and Remus Lupin, though this was not done for humanitarian reasons but for the memory of his father.  Remus Lupin once noted that Harry had very good and nearly always right instincts.[126] Harry had a strong awareness of the incalculable power of certain acts, which is never more apparent than when he refused to allow Lupin to accompany him and leave his wife and child at home and realised
that Ron Weasley was meant to destroy Slytherin's locket.  Harry losing his temper with "Aunt" Marge In some ways, Harry could become extremely intimidating toward people, such as Gilderoy Lockhart, Mundungus Fletcher, Hermione Granger, and Ron Weasley. Harry was seen becoming extremely frightening when pushed to the point of anger or extreme annoyance. When in a bad mood and argumentative, even Harry's closest friends had been wary of him, usually replying to his angry tone in a calm and appeasing voice. The only person who did not appear to be afraid of him when he was angry (other than his teachers and other authority figures in his life) was Ginny Weasley. Dumbledore was a special case, as he acted fatherly towards Harry and had managed to successfully calm him down whenever he got angry with him.  Harry seemed to have good and long memory, as he remembered the motorbike ride to Privet Drive with Hagrid when he was eleven and could remember the deaths of his mother and Voldemort's laughter when the events occurred ten years earlier.[40] Despite needing glasses, Harry possessed a tremendous eyesight as well; he was able to locate the Golden Snitch (which was approximately the size of a golf ball) in a massive Quidditch field. Harry also cared very much for his children. He comforted his daughter, Lily Potter, when she was upset about not going to Hogwarts. He also made sure his younger son Albus Potter would not be teased a lot by Harry's older son, James Potter.  Although never as given to sarcasm or humour as his best friend Ron, Harry often displayed a dry wit. For instance, on finding out that Hermione Granger intended to take twelve O.W.Ls, he asked her if she planned to eat or sleep at all that year. This humour often became more cutting when applied to people Harry disliked. When threatened by Draco Malfoy and his cronies after the Battle of the Department of Mysteries, Harry remarked that he supposed that "Lord Voldemort's just a warm-up act compared to you three?", responding to Malfoy's threat that he was dead by casually commenting "funny, you'd think I'd have stopped walking around".[6] Harry also displayed wittiness when he first encountered Crookshanks, remarking that he was either "a very large cat or quite a small tiger".[129]  He was also known to apply his cutting wit to Severus Snape and Dudley Dursley as well. During his first Potions lesson, Snape antagonised Harry with question after question. This was until Harry responded with "I don't know. I think Hermione does, though, why don't you try her?"[40] He also commented that he was surprised that Dudley was intelligent enough to know the days of the week, after Dudley stated he knew what day it was. When Harry was eleven, Dudley suggested that he and Harry should go upstairs and practise shoving heads down toilets. Harry then stated that the toilet had never had something as disgusting as Dudley's head down it.   Harry as the leader of Dumbledore's Army, while teaching
a lesson on the Stunning Spell Although he never sought power himself and would be content with a normal life, when a situation required him to step up he would do so. Such as when he, Ron, and Hermione discovered Voldemort and Quirrell's attempt to steal the Philosopher's Stone and his time as teacher/leader of Dumbledore's Army. Harry had shown not-inconsiderable leadership abilities, to the point that Dumbledore reflected that Harry was a better leader than him as he never sought power for himself but simply had to assume the mantle of leadership due to circumstances beyond his control and found in the process that he did it well.  Like many non-pure-blood wizards raised by Muggles and seeing his life spent in the Muggle world, he had a certain lack of culture towards the wizarding world, and many of the characteristic of this he had heard recently and they turned out to be new to him.   During his youth, Harry tended to see things in a rather stark, absolute manner, particularly when it came to the Hogwarts Houses. Harry generally regarded members of Slytherin House as evil and therefore his enemies, while Gryffindors, Ravenclaw, and Hufflepuffs were allies. The former part could be due to his own status as a Gryffindor and that many of the Slytherins he encountered, such as Lord Voldemort, Draco Malfoy, and Severus Snape, were significant enemies of his during this period. In addition, many of his friends and allies, such as: Ron, Hermione, Dumbledore, and Hagrid, were fellow Gryffindors. However, this mentality eroded as he aged, since he encountered both allies among Slytherin, such as Horace Slughorn (and later, Snape) and enemies among the other three Houses, such as Peter Pettigrew (a fellow Gryffindor) and Quirinus Quirrell (a Ravenclaw). By 2017, Harry had adopted a more moderate attitude on the Houses, telling his younger son Albus Potter that "it doesn't matter to us" if Albus was Sorted in Slytherin or Gryffindor. In addition, Harry named that same son after Severus Snape, whom he recounted as "the bravest man [he] ever knew".  Harry would often experience bouts of depression In the aftermath of the Secondary Wizarding War, Harry was shown to suffer from survivor's guilt and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. These two symptoms extended into his childhood and throughout his life at Hogwarts. Because of his depression, he also claimed that he was supposed to die and everyone knew it, but he survived it all. He also claimed that too many people died for the "Boy Who Lived" and that he wasn't worth dying for at all. Harry's depression and trauma were caused by not having removed Voldemort completely from his life, and he feared that he would always allow Voldemort to have some mental and emotional control over him.   Harry also had shown signs of suffering from recurring clinical depression, such as his sullen and withdrawn demeanour during his mid-to-late teens as a result of the tragedies in his life. A particular symptom of this was his outrageous temper during his
bouts of depression, which frightened all but Ginny by their sheer force and magnitude alone. Overall, Harry was much the same as any other soldier, struggling to carry on despite the horrors of his past and the brutality he had been a part of for so long.   Harry did have some fears, although he hid them extremely well from his family. In fact, he hid them so well that his younger son considered his father to be utterly fearless. These fears included the dark, pigeons, small spaces, and seeing his family in danger.   It is commented by his son that Harry's personality was complicated, something that was furthered by Ron, who called him intense in terms of his traits and past experiences.[130]  Harry's corporeal stag Patronus Harry was seen and had proven himself to be an extremely powerful and talented wizard. His power was evident from the start: he demonstrated immediate command of a broomstick, was able to conjure a corporeal Patronus at an exceptionally young age (a mark of superior magical ability),[107] and even survived numerous encounters with Lord Voldemort. He was top of his class at Defence Against the Dark Arts, even instructing older students in defensive and offensive magic.[60][61][64] He mastered a wand made of hawthorn, which one should only ever consider placing in the hands of a witch or wizard of proven talent.[131] Harry was also a very gifted flyer and Quidditch player, the youngest Seeker in a century.   Harry casting the Patronus Charm, warding off several Dementors Harry successfully casting the Summoning Charm Harry expertly dodging a rogue Bludger on his broom Harry defending himself against Grindylows in 1995 Harry teaching D.A. members how to disarm an opponent Harry duelling Voldemort in the Little Hangleton graveyard Harry defeating Draco Malfoy during their bathroom duel in 1997 Harry attempting the Cruciatus Curse on Bellatrix Lestrange, using "righteous anger" Harry being one of only twelve students attending a N.E.W.T.-level Potions class Harry conjuring water with the Water-Making Spell Harry during a second-year Herbology lesson Harry using the Leg-Locker Curse nonverbally during his bathroom duel with Malfoy Harry and Buckbeak during the first lesson of Care of Magical Creatures Harry visiting the Restricted Section to search for information while investigating the Philosopher's Stone Harry, leader and teacher of Dumbledore's Army Harry using Side-Along Apparition to Apparate himself and Hermione  Harry was a wealthy wizard, having inherited the Potter family fortune after his parents were murdered by Lord Voldemort. Harry relied on this gold for his school supplies, clothing, and other expenses. Following the death of his godfather Sirius Black, Harry became the sole heir of the Black family fortune as well. Harry's first wand: 11", holly, and phoenix feather The Marauder's Map A Firebolt, his second broom and a Christmas gift Harry wearing a Weasley jumper Harry's dress robes at the Yule Ball Twelve Fail-Safe Ways to Charm Witches The Deathly Hallows (left to right): Cloak of Invisibility, Resurrection Stone, and the Elder Wand Sword of Gryffindor 12 Grimmauld Place, London Throughout
his life, Harry has had many relationships with a variety of people. Because of his upbringing, he had few connections in his early years, the only people he truly interacted with being the abusive Dursleys. With his introduction to the wizarding world, this changed and he built connections with many of the residents of the magical community, both good and bad. His strongest relationships were with: his parents, his children, Hermione Granger, the Weasley family, Sirius Black, Hedwig, Dobby, Albus Dumbledore, Rubeus Hagrid, Minerva McGonagall, Remus Lupin, Neville Longbottom, Luna Lovegood and Teddy Lupin.  Harry is the Middle English form of the name Henry, derived from the Germanic name Heinrich, from the words heim, meaning "home", and ric, meaning "power, ruler". It has been a very popular name in the English-speaking world for centuries. Harry can also be a diminutive form of the name Harold, from the Old English name Hereweald, meaning "leader of the army". It has been the name of five kings of Norway, three kings of Denmark, and two kings of England.[190][191] In an interview J. K. Rowling stated that 'Harry' had always been one of her favourite boy's names and that if her daughter had been a son she would have named him 'Harry', although then she would have to have come up with a different name for the books as it "would have been too cruel to name him after my own son".[192] In-universe, it is possible that he was named after Henry Potter, nicknamed 'Harry', who was James' grandfather and Harry's great-grandfather.   The name "James" came into the English language from the French variation of the Late Latin name Iacomus, a dialect variant of Iacobus, from the New Testament Greek Ἰάκωβος (Iakōbos), from the Hebrew word יעקב (Yaʻaqov, hence the name Jacob), meaning “holds the heel” (in the Genesis narrative, Jacob was born grasping his twin brother Esau's heel and later bought his birthright). James is Harry's middle name, James was the name of his father and is also the name of his first son.  Potter is a very common surname of English origin.[193] It traditionally refers to the occupation of making pottery. The Potter Box is a model for making ethical decisions developed at Harvard University. J. K. Rowling has also commented that she has liked the name since childhood, as a family that had lived near her carried this surname.[192][194]  Harry in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows chapter art by Mary GrandPré Harry in Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone: Illustrated Edition by Jim Kay Harry on Pottermore by Owen Davey Harry Potter as seen in Harry Potter: Puzzles & Spells Harry Potter as a POP! Vinyl Harry Potter (Third Task clothing) as a POP! Vinyl Harry Potter (holding a Mandrake) as a POP! Vinyl Harry Potter (in 1994 Quidditch World Cup clothing) as a POP! Vinyl Harry Potter as LEGO minifigure (first edition) Harry Potter in LEGO Harry Potter: Years 1-4 Harry Potter in LEGO Harry Potter: Years 5-7 Harry meeting the student at King's Cross (along
with the members of the Order of the Phoenix)1997–?  Armando Dippet · Albus Dumbledore · Barberus Bragge · Bertie Bott · Carlotta Pinkstone · Dzou Yen · Falco Aesalon · Godric Gryffindor · Harry Potter · Herpo the Foul · Helga Hufflepuff · Montague Knightley · Phillipus von Hohenheim · Rowena Ravenclaw · Salazar Slytherin  Alberic Grunnion · Alberta Toothill · Andros the Invincible · Artemisia Lufkin · Blenheim Stalk · Bowman Wright · Chauncey Oldridge · Circe · Cliodna · Crispin Cronk · Cyprian Youdle · Daisy Dodderidge · Derwent Shimpling · Donaghan Tremlett · Dunbar Oglethorpe · Dymphna Furmage · Elfrida Clagg · Felix Summerbee · Fulbert the Fearful · Gaspard Shingleton · Gideon Crumb · Glenda Chittock · Gondoline Oliphant · Gregory the Smarmy · Gwenog Jones · Honoria Nutcombe · Ignatia Wildsmith · Joscelind Wadcock · Kirley Duke · Laverne de Montmorency · Leopoldina Smethwyck · Maeve · Mirabella Plunkett · Mopsus · Morgan le Fay · Oswald Beamish · Roderick Plumpton · Sacharissa Tugwood · Thaddeus Thurkell · Wendelin the Weird · Xavier Rastrick  Adalbert Waffling · Almeric Sawbridge · Archibald Alderton · Balfour Blane · Beatrix Bloxam · Beaumont Marjoribanks · Bridget Wenlock · Burdock Muldoon · Cassandra Vablatsky · Celestina Warbeck · Cornelius Agrippa · Devlin Whitehorn · Dorcas Wellbeloved · Edgar Stroulger · Elladora Ketteridge · Ethelred the Ever-Ready · Flavius Belby · Gifford Ollerton · Glanmore Peakes · Glover Hipworth · Greta Catchlove · Grogan Stump · Gulliver Pokeby · Gunhilda de Gorsemoor · Havelock Sweeting · Hengist of Woodcroft · Heathcote Barbary · Herman Wintringham · Hesper Starkey · Jocunda Sykes · Justus Pilliwickle · Merlin · Merton Graves · Merwyn the Malicious · Miranda Goshawk · Mungo Bonham · Musidora Barkwith · Myron Wagtail · Newton Scamander · Norvel Twonk · Orsino Thruston · Perpetua Fancourt · Quong Po · Roland Kegg · Stoddard Withers · Tilly Toke · Uric the Oddball · Yardley Platt  Blodwyn Bludd · Vlad Drakul · Amarillo Lestoat · Carmilla Sanguina · Herbert Varney  Babayaga · Malodora Grymm · Old Mother Hubbard · Cordelia Misericordia · Leticia Somnolens  Bran the Bloodthirsty · Cyclops · Goliath · Morholt · Hengist of Upper Barnton  Alguff the Awful · Eargit the Ugly · Gringott · Ug the Unreliable · Urg the Unclean  Common Welsh Green · Hebridean Black · Hungarian Horntail · Norwegian Ridgeback · Romanian Longhorn  Billywig · Bowtruckle · Doxy · Double-ended Newt · Giant Purple Toad · Giant Squid · Gnome · Gytrash · Imp · Kelpie · Manticore · Mountain troll · Streeler · Phoenix · Unicorn


At least some content in this article is derived from information featured in Harry Potter: Magic Awakened. As such, spoilers will be present within the article.          Astoria Malfoy (née Greengrass)   Biographical information  Born Between 1 September 1981 and 31 August 1982[1]   Died August[2] 2019[3] (aged 36/37)   Blood status Pure-blood[4][5][6]   Marital status Married   Nationality British or Irish[7]    Physical information  Species Human   Gender Female    Relationship information  Family members Daphne Greengrass (sister)Draco Malfoy (husband)Scorpius Malfoy (son)Lucius Malfoy (father-in-law)Narcissa Malfoy (née Black) (mother-in-law)Unnamed ancestorGareth Greengrass (possible relative)Gareth Greengrass's brother (possible relative)Aquila Greengrass (possible relative)Cereus Greengrass (possible relative)Greengrass familyMalfoy family (in-laws/descendants)   Romances Draco Malfoy (widowed husband)    Affiliation  Loyalty Greengrass familyHogwarts School of Witchcraft and WizardryMalfoy family   [Source]   Astoria Malfoy[8] (née Greengrass) (c. 1982 – August 2019) was a British pure-blood witch and a member of the Greengrass family, one of the Sacred Twenty-Eight. Astoria began attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in 1993, two years below her future husband, Draco Malfoy, and her elder sister, Daphne Greengrass.   After her education at Hogwarts, she met and married Draco and the two had a son, Scorpius Hyperion Malfoy. Astoria died in August 2019, due to her blood curse.[3]  Born into the Greengrass family, among the oldest, truly pure-blooded families in Britain, Astoria and her older sister, Daphne, were brought up in the ideals of Pure-blood supremacy.[5] Astoria's life was cut short by a curse placed upon her ancestor long before her time, resulting in her body becoming extremely frail.[3]  Astoria attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. During the Battle of Hogwarts, she was evacuated for being too young. It is also unknown which House she was sorted into at Hogwarts.  The events of the Second Wizarding War during her teenage years made Astoria espouse a more tolerant life view, turning back on her family's blood purity ideals, although her experience through the war was less than that of what Draco Malfoy suffered.[5]  At some point between 2000 and 2005, she eventually married Draco Malfoy, who was two years ahead of her and was a classmate of her older sister, Daphne Greengrass. Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy had "disapproved" of Draco's choice to take her as a wife, but he chose her anyway and stood up to both of them. This was something which Astoria once told her son "was one of the most courageous things she'd ever seen".  Frail, and knowing she was not destined for old age due to her ancestor's blood-borne curse, Astoria longed for a child so that Draco, after her inevitable death, would not be alone.  Astoria with her family on the platform She was successful in producing a child, despite Draco telling her that he didn't care if the Malfoy family ended with him, but the pregnancy greatly weakened her and the family vanished into
seclusion when Scorpius Hyperion Malfoy[9] was born. This, despite the intentions of Draco and Astoria, led to false rumours that Astoria had been unable to conceive and had used a Time-Turner to go back in time and conceive a child with Lord Voldemort — which, if she actually was unable to conceive would have been a failure anyway. The stigma of these rumours were borne by her son who, at Hogwarts, was accused of being Voldemort's child.  After Scorpius's birth, Astoria refused to teach her son the pure-blooded belief that Muggles were scum. Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy therefore found her a somewhat disappointing daughter-in-law; family gatherings were, as a result, often fraught with tension.[5]  In 2017, Astoria saw her son off at King's Cross Station for his first year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry,[10] loading him up with sweets, having told him on at least one occasion, "Sweets, they always help you make friends." Once Scorpius befriended Albus and Scorpius bonded over sweets, her advice was apparently correct.  In the summer before Scorpius's third year at Hogwarts, Astoria died due to the toll of her family curse, leaving her son and husband heartbroken. Scorpius and Albus would later on attend her funeral.  Draco, having inherited a "true" Time-Turner from his father, was later urged to use it to go back in time to see Astoria, but he resisted, knowing the potential damage he could cause to reality.[3]  The name Astoria may be derived from the London Astoria, a music venue in London, England, or the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel, a famously luxurious hotel in New York City. This hotel was named after the Astors, a very wealthy and influential American family.[11] The name may also be related to Astraea, a daughter of Zeus in Greek mythology who personified justice. Astraea is derived from Greek meaning "star-maiden"; this may relate to her husband's maternal family often naming its members after stars and constellations. The name may also be spelled Asteria, as shown on the Weasley Family Tree.[12] Like Hyperion — her son Scorpius's middle name — Asteria is the name of one of the Titans of Greek mythology.  Astoria Malfoy in LEGO Harry Potter: Years 5-7


At least some content in this article is derived from information featured in: Harry Potter: Puzzles & Spells & Harry Potter: Magic Awakened.As such, spoilers will be present within the article.          Dudley Dursley   Biographical information  Born 23 June 1980[1]   Blood status Muggle   Nationality English   Also known as Dudders (by Petunia and Vernon Dursley)Ickle Dudleykins (by Petunia Dursley)Popkin (by Petunia Dursley)Diddy (by Petunia Dursley)Diddykins (by Petunia Dursley)My Neffy Poo (by Marge Dursley)Big 'D' (by friends & Harry Potter)Dud (by Harry Potter)Dinky Diddydums (by Petunia Dursley)    Physical information  Species Human   Gender Male   Weight Between 265 and 353 lbs (in 1994)[2]   Hair colour Blond[3]   Eye colour Blue[3]    Relationship information  Family members Vernon Dursley (father)Petunia Dursley (née Evans) (mother) †Two childrenMarjorie Dursley (paternal aunt)Lily J. Potter (née Evans) (maternal aunt) †James Potter I (maternal uncle by marriage) †Harry Potter (maternal first cousin)Paternal grandmotherMaternal grandfather †Maternal grandmother †Dursley familyEvans family (maternal family)    Affiliation  Loyalty Dursley familyEvans familySmeltings AcademyHis gang (formerly)   [Source]   Dudley Dursley (b. 23 June 1980)[1] was the Muggle son of Vernon and Petunia Dursley and cousin of Harry Potter. He was obese and insolent as a result of his parents spoiling him throughout his childhood, although he became muscular in his teens. He and his gang often tormented Harry as well as other weaker and younger children in their neighbourhood and at school, taking after the example set by Dudley's parents.  In 1995, he faced Dementors for the first time and was saved by Harry, after which he mellowed and became generally kinder to his cousin. He left 4 Privet Drive in 1997, along with his parents, to be hidden from becoming the next victims of Lord Voldemort and his Death Eaters by the Killing Curse, under the protection of the Order of the Phoenix.  After the Second Wizarding War, he had two children. He also remained in contact with Harry, as did his family.  Photos of Dudley as a baby Dudley was born on 23 June 1980,[1] about five weeks before his cousin Harry Potter. He was the son of Vernon Dursley and Petunia Dursley, and the nephew of Marge Dursley and Lily Potter.  On 1 November 1981, Dudley had a tantrum when Vernon was going to work. He physically abused Petunia when they went out, demanding she provide him with sweets, something that was witnessed by Minerva McGonagall in her Animagus form. Hours later, Harry was delivered to the Dursleys after the attack on the Potters in Godric's Hollow. Over the following few weeks, Dudley took to prodding and pinching Harry,[4] whom he found weak. Likely around this time, Dudley was a member of the Cub Scouts.[5]  In June 1985, his Aunt Marge was at Privet Drive to attend Dudley's fifth birthday party. She whacked Harry, who was four years old at the time, around the shins
with her walking stick to stop him from beating Dudley at musical statues.[6]  The Dursleys treating Harry Potter as a servant Between 1985 and 1990, Aunt Marge spent Christmas at Privet Drive. She brought a computerised robot for Dudley and a box of dog biscuits for Harry.[6]  During their years together at St. Grogory's Primary School, Dudley frequently chose Harry as his favourite target with the help of his friends. Harry was much shorter than Dudley, so Dudley could easily hurt Harry, although Harry was often faster than Dudley.[7]  Aunt Marge was present again at Dudley's tenth birthday party when Harry was nine. Harry accidentally stepped on Ripper's paw, causing the dog to chase Harry out into the garden and up a tree, while Dudley laughed himself silly. Marge refused to call the dog off until past midnight, much to the Dursleys' delight.[6]  An enraged Dudley on his eleventh birthday Dudley celebrated his eleventh birthday on 23 June 1991. His presents included a new computer, a second television, a remote control aeroplane, sixteen new computer games, a gold wristwatch, a video recorder, a cine-camera, a Remote Control Crane, a racing bicycle, (which Harry found odd, as Dudley was very fat and hated exercise if it did not include punching someone) and more. When Dudley counted his presents, he got enraged and claimed that he had two fewer than his last birthday, although he actually had one fewer than his last birthday. Petunia promised that when the family went out, she would buy him two more presents, and satisfied with this, he did not throw a tantrum.[7]  When Mrs Figg called the Dursleys to tell them she could not take Harry for the day because she had broken her leg, Dudley was horrified. While Vernon and Petunia decided what to do with Harry, Dudley pretended to cry, playing on his mother's habit of giving him whatever he wanted. In between "sobs", Dudley commented that he did not want Harry to spoil his birthday by tagging along: when his mother was not looking, he shot Harry a nasty grin. When his friend Piers Polkiss arrived, he ceased his act immediately.[7]  With no other option, the Dursleys reluctantly took Harry with them to the zoo for Dudley's birthday (because they could not legally leave him home alone). At the entrance, his parents bought him and Piers large chocolate ice creams. Before they could hurry off, the saleswoman asked Harry what he would like, then Vernon and Petunia were forced to buy Harry a cheap lemon ice lolly, although he seemed to like it regardless. At lunch time, Dudley had a temper tantrum because his knickerbocker glory was not big enough, as there was "not enough" ice cream on it: his father bought him another one and Harry was allowed to finish the first one though only because it would be a huge waste to throw out.[7]  Dudley falls into the snake enclosure at the zoo After lunch, the group visited the reptile house and Dudley quickly found the
largest snake in the place which was a sleeping boa constrictor. Dudley pressed his nose against the glass and asked his father to make the snake wake up. After much rapping on the glass, it made no movements at all and Dudley walked away, easily bored. A few moments later, Piers drew Dudley's attention back to the snake when he saw Harry talking to it. Waddling over, Dudley quickly shoved Harry out of the way and onto the ground.   Within a few moments, Dudley found the protective glass gone and he and Piers jumped backwards in shock. As the snake uncoiled itself and slithered off, Dudley and Piers ran away, screaming. Harry had managed to do this with underage magic, although he thought it had been an accidental misunderstanding at the time. Piers tattled on Harry saying that he had seen him talking to the snake. In the car on the way home, Dudley claimed that the snake had nearly bitten his leg off; the snake had actually playfully snapped at Dudley's heel as it went past.[7]  Dudley in his Smeltings uniform By the time the summer holidays had begun, Dudley had broken his video camera, crashed the remote-controlled aeroplane, and knocked an already injured Mrs Figg over with his racing bike. Near the beginning of July, Dudley was accepted into Smeltings Academy, his father's alma mater. After returning from London with his new school uniform, Dudley paraded around the house in the get-up, which included a maroon tailcoat, orange knickerbockers, a boater, and a knobbly stick. He took to whacking everyone and everything within reach with this stick, which became extremely annoying to Harry.[8]  Vernon, Petunia, and Dudley reading Harry's Hogwarts acceptance letter The following morning when the post arrived, Dudley alerted his father that Harry had received a letter. Seeing his parents' reactions to the letter's contents, Dudley demanded to see it. Not used to being ignored, Dudley rapped his father on the head with his Smelting stick. Dudley and Harry were thrown out of the kitchen, but overheard the conversation through the door: Harry forced to listen under the crack, while Dudley looked through the better position: the peephole in the doorknob.[8]  When Vernon and Petunia gave Dudley's second bedroom to Harry, Dudley threw a temper tantrum, claiming that he needed the room. In an attempt to change his parents' minds: Dudley screamed, hit his father with his Smelting stick, threw up on purpose, kicked his mother, and threw his pet tortoise through the greenhouse roof. When the mail arrived, Dudley was sent to collect it (in an attempt by Vernon to be "nice" to Harry). From the hall, Dudley yelled that Harry had received another letter. Vernon wrestled Dudley to the ground and took the letter away, which was made difficult by Harry clinging on to Vernon's neck.[8]  The Dursleys and Harry reacting in surprise, as Hogwarts letters pelted from the chimney Within a week, 24 or more letters arrived for Harry; Dudley wondered who on Earth would want to talk to
Harry so badly. When so many letters for Harry arrived, Vernon, having had enough, told the family to get ready to leave. Dudley angered his father when he dawdled, trying to pack his television, VCR and computer into his bag. By nightfall, Dudley was in an unpleasant mood; he was hungry, had missed five TV shows he wanted to watch and had not gone so long without shooting an alien on his computer. At the Railview Hotel, Dudley shared a room with Harry; while Harry remained awake, Dudley fell asleep almost immediately.[8]  Hagrid giving Dudley a pig's tail The following day, Vernon brought Dudley and the family to the Hut-on-the-Rock well out in the sea. Using some mouldy blankets, Petunia made Dudley a bed on the couch, which he was very unhappy with, while she and Vernon took the second bedroom and Harry was left on his own to find comfort.[8] At midnight, when Harry's birthday came, Dudley was jerked out of his sleep by a loud crashing outside the hut, and asked sleepily where the cannon was; a few moments later, the hut's door was knocked off by Rubeus Hagrid. Dudley remained on the couch, frozen in fear. When Hagrid nudged him out of the way, Dudley ran and hid behind his mother.[9]  When Vernon insulted Albus Dumbledore and after Hagrid informed him that Harry was going to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, Hagrid used magic to sprout a pig's tail from Dudley's bottom, which caused immense pain — something that Harry found enjoyment in.[9]  After dropping Harry off at King's Cross Station on 1 September, the Dursleys took Dudley to a private hospital in London to have the tail surgically removed before he went to Smeltings.[10] Over the course of the school year, he grew even more massive: so much so that his bottom drooped over each side of his chair.[11]  In June, Dudley accompanied his parents to King's Cross Station to pick Harry up for the summer holidays. In spite of his morbid weight, his clothes were curiously depicted as loose, as he had to hitch up his trousers "which were slipping down his fat bottom" during a conversation with Harry. One morning during breakfast, Dudley wanted more bacon. He asked Harry to pass the frying pan: when Harry said he forgot the magic word (meaning "please"), Dudley fell out of his chair with a crash that shook the whole kitchen.[11] Obviously, Dudley had been trained by his parents by that time to hate and fear anything that had anything at all to do with Harry and his world.  Dudley and his parents getting ready for the Masons in July 1992 On 31 July, Dudley taunted Harry about not receiving any birthday presents from his friends. When Harry pretended that he was going to set a bush on fire by saying pretend magic words, Dudley ran to his mother, frightened. That night, the Dursleys (sans Harry) hosted a dinner party for clients of Vernon's — the Masons. At eight o'clock, Dudley was by
the front door, waiting for Mr and Mrs Mason to arrive. He offered to take their coats and offered his arm to accompany Mrs Mason to the dining room a while later.[11]  In the early hours of the next morning, Dudley was dumbfounded when he and his parents witnessed Harry's escape with Fred, George, and Ron Weasley in their father's flying Ford Anglia.[12]  By the next summer, Dudley was even fatter. At some point, he complained about the walk between the living room and the kitchen, so his father installed a new TV in the kitchen as a welcome-home-for-the-summer present. Dudley sat at the TV all day, eating constantly. His face also gained a fat appearance and made him look like he had an unsightly double chin.[6]  Along with his parents and Harry, Dudley learned one day of an escaped convict named Sirius Black, who the newscasters warned was armed and dangerous. Vernon was constantly complaining about lack of security and punishment, stating that hanging was the only way to handle people like Black.[6]  Dudley witnessing Harry inflate Aunt Marge On 31 July, Dudley's Aunt Marge came to visit their house. When Marge arrived, Dudley waddled into the hall to greet her. Marge seized him in a one-armed hug and kissed him on the cheek. Harry, sure that Dudley only put up with this treatment because he was well paid for it, noticed a twenty-pound note clenched in his fat hand behind his back. When Marge was blown up by Harry because of her voracious veracity, Dudley showed almost no emotion and continued watching TV. It can be assumed that he was used to the odd things that happened whenever his cousin was around.[6]  Dudley and his gang By the summer of 1994, Dudley had grown so large that the school outfitters at Smeltings Academy did not stock knickerbockers big enough for him anymore; he had reached roughly the size and weight of a baby killer whale. To rectify the situation, the school nurse forced a diet regime upon Dudley, which emptied his eating habits of all the things he enjoyed: fizzy drinks, cakes, chocolate bars, burgers, doughnuts, chips, etc. and replaced them with fruits and vegetables — things that Vernon called "rabbit food."   Dudley was not pleased and threw numerous tantrums about it. To make Dudley feel better, Petunia insisted that the whole family follow the diet, as well: to raise Dudley's morale, she also tended to give him more to eat than Harry (who, unbeknownst to Dudley, kept a secret stash of food in his bedroom). When Vernon left the kitchen to collect the post, Dudley stole his grapefruit quarter.[13]  The Weasley family arriving in order to retrieve Harry for the World Cup The next day when the Weasleys arrived to take Harry to the Quidditch World Cup, Dudley nervously ran his hands over his backside: remembering the incident with Hagrid in 1991, he was unwilling to present the same target to wizards again.[13]  As the Weasleys returned to the Burrow
through the Floo Network, Fred "accidentally" dropped numerous sweets in brightly coloured wrappers on the floor, knowing Dudley would eat one of them. The sweet revealed to be a Ton-Tongue Toffee, caused Dudley's tongue to expand greatly and cause him pain. Before allowing Mr Weasley to fix it, Petunia tried to rip the tongue out of Dudley's mouth, which nearly suffocated him. His tongue was more than four feet long before the Dursleys allowed Mr Weasley to shrink it.[13]  Dudley taking up boxing In 1995, Dudley took up boxing, which gave him even more prominence over other children. As a result, he lost weight and became less spoiled. However, he was still described as "vast as ever", but it was implied that his bulk was more muscle than fat because of the boxing. He would roam the streets with his gang, vandalising public property, taking up smoking and terrorising younger children. After taking up his workout regime, Dudley became boxing champion at his school. At one point they beat up a boy for "cheeking him".[14]  Harry stopping the Dementor from kissing Dudley Along with his parents, Dudley learned that Lord Voldemort had returned to a physical body, with the intent of subjugating both the wizarding and Muggle communities once again. On his way home one night with his gang, Dudley ran into Harry. He and Harry were attacked in the street by two Dementors, sent by Dolores Umbridge to harm Harry (unknown to Harry).   Harry's stag Patronus saved them from being kissed,[14] but Dudley, confused by what had happened, pinned the blame for the attack on his cousin, as he could not see the Dementors.[15] The encounter with the Dementors forced Dudley, for the first time, to recognise the kind of person he really was: a cruel bully. It was a terribly painful moment for him, and led to him changing his ways.[16]  Albus Dumbledore visiting the Dursleys When Albus Dumbledore paid a personal visit to the Dursleys in 1996, he showed pity for Dudley, blaming the Dursleys for the "appalling damage" their parenting inflicted on their son. Dudley was very confused by this statement, and did not show any signs of planning to rectify his parents' "mistakes".  As Harry and Dumbledore leave, Dumbledore told the Dursleys that in summer 1997 that they have to evacuate their house to protect themselves from becoming the victims of Lord Voldemort and Death Eaters.[17]  After Harry arrived at Number Four, in 1997, Dudley made at least one known attempt to reconcile with Harry. Dudley placed a cup of tea outside Harry's room. However, Harry initially misinterpreted the gesture as another prank, as Dudley had placed the cup on the floor and Harry stepped on it by accident. When Harry parted ways with the Dursleys, Dudley was the only member to bid Harry farewell.[18]  Dudley shaking Harry's hand as they parted ways at Number 4 Privet Drive When Dudley was attacked by the Dementors he saw himself, for the first time, as he really was. This was an
extremely painful but ultimately salutary lesson and began the transformation in him. He shook Harry's hand and thanked him for saving his life. The members of the Order of the Phoenix escorting the Dursleys into hiding were not satisfied by this and thought a more adequate apology was in order, but the Dursleys left with nothing more to say, Harry himself noting that Dudley's awkward thanks was the Dursley equivalent of a heartfelt expression of gratitude.[18]  In Dudley's adult life, he became a father of two. He and Harry remained on "Christmas card terms," and Harry sometimes took his children to Dudley's when they were in the neighbourhood, occasions dreaded by James, Albus, and Lily.[19] During these visits, Dudley and Harry would sit silently together rarely talking while their children interacted and played together. It is unknown if Dudley ever returned to Little Whinging or if their family had stayed in the place they were relocated to,[20] or if they had moved elsewhere. By 2020, Dudley's mother had passed away.  Dudley, age 15 Dudley had watery blue eyes and thick blond hair. Growing up, Dudley was extremely fat, at least four times Harry's size.[7] Harry often thought Dudley looked like a pig in a wig. In 1994, he had "reached the size and weight of a young killer whale"[13] — somewhere between 265 and 353 pounds.[2] Dudley was too large to fit in a school uniform, so was forced to go on a diet by his school, which was largely comprised of food which Vernon called "rabbit food" (fruits and vegetables) which Dudley rarely ate otherwise. Vernon and Petunia usually made excuses on why he was large, such as that his poundage was really "puppy fat" or that he was a "growing boy".  Dudley mostly ate junk food, hated exercise, and often played video games. When Harry and the Dursleys ate breakfast Dudley's flab would often hang off the chair because he was too big and eventually a TV was bought for the kitchen after Dudley had complained about the distance from the living room to the fridge, which was an example of his great laziness. This may have had something to do with his weight problem.  However, by 1995 after he was attacked by Umbridge's dementors, Dudley had taken up boxing and weight lifting, and lost a great deal of weight.[14] Before the Dursleys left Privet Drive, he appeared "large, blond, and muscular," wearing a leather jacket.[18]  A photograph of a very spoiled Dudley Dudley was an unpleasant and spoiled child. His parents spoiled him to the point of becoming grossly obese, demanding, selfish, and manipulative, but most of all, extremely ungrateful. During his eleventh birthday, he screamed when he received one gift fewer than the previous year, making his parents promise to buy him two more, and pretended to cry when he realised Harry would have to come with him for his birthday trip to the zoo.[7]  Dudley had an awful habit of bullying children who were weaker and as much as five years
younger than he was, and when he forgot his fear of Harry's powers, callously insulted him in any way possible, even jeering at Harry about his obviously disturbing nightmares.[14]  Despite being fairly manipulative, Dudley appeared to have a low level of intelligence. In 1991, whilst Rubeus Hagrid was attempting to enter the Hut-on-the-Rock, he foolishly quoted "Where's the cannon?" showing poor common sense.[9] In the school holiday of 1994, he received a dismal school report from Smeltings Academy, which included very poor academic results as well as reports of bullying others.[13]  However, in 1995, Dudley faced dementors for the first time. Though a Dementor attack typically forced a person to re-live the worst moments of their life, Dudley's life-so-far of luxury and greed contained no "worst moments," and therefore, during the attack, Dudley saw himself as the spoiled, rotten and cruel bully he truly was. He was thus forced, rather harshly, to realise he needed to change his ways. This led to him regretting his treatment of Harry and his later attempts at reconciliation.[20] The cousins would have a relatively good relationship by 2017: Dudley and Harry visited each other, while their children played together.[21]  Dudley with his parents, Vernon and Petunia Dursley Vernon and Petunia Dursley spoiled and coddled their son as much as they neglected and abused their nephew Harry. They appeared to buy Dudley anything he wanted, often apparently to waylay a tantrum (Vernon going so far as bribing him to accept a kiss from Aunt Marge). They indulged their son with treats and activities both out of blind adoration for the boy and as a means of emphasising to Harry what he was missing.   They were generally in denial of the obesity brought on by Dudley's gluttony, which they wrote off as being either the healthy appetite of a growing boy or that his poundage was really "puppy fat" and were completely oblivious to the fact that Dudley did not have friends, so much as a schoolyard gang and victims.  While Vernon consistently praised his son as if he was extremely masculine and robust, Petunia infantilised Dudley, calling him "Diddykins" well in to his teen years, appearing heartbroken to have to put Dudley on a much-needed diet and even bursting into tears when Dudley showed marginal affection for Harry.[18]  Harry Potter, his maternal cousin  Dudley and his cousin Harry did not get along very well for most of their early lives. Like his parents, Dudley only thought of Harry as a huge burden to the family. Whilst Vernon and Petunia treated Harry poorly, they spoiled Dudley to the extreme. Dudley constantly bullied Harry throughout their childhood, but did his best not to provoke him after he found out that Harry was a wizard, though the two still often argued and traded insults. This changed after Harry saved Dudley from a pair of dementors that attacked them during the summer of 1995.   When the Order of the Phoenix placed the Dursleys into hiding to keep them safe during the
height of the Second Wizarding War, Dudley was the only member of the family to express concern for Harry's safety, asking his parents why Harry was not accompanying them and where he would go, if not with them. He also expressed remorse for his earlier treatment of Harry and the two shook hands before the Dursleys left.[18]  After the Second Wizarding War, Dudley later became a cousin-in-law to Harry's wife Ginevra Weasley and a first cousin once removed to Harry and Ginny's children, James, Albus, and Lily Potter. Dudley and Harry eventually reconciled as adults, remaining on "Christmas card terms" and visiting each other occasionally. At these times, Harry's three children and Dudley's children would all play together while their fathers would sit together quietly.[22]  When his mother, Petunia, died, Dudley was still on good terms with Harry. Whilst cleaning out her possessions, he found the blanket that Harry had been wrapped in when he arrived at 4 Privet Drive and mailed it to him, believing that Petunia wanted him to have it.[23]  Dudley means "from the meadow". It is also a large town located in the West Midlands county of England which, as with the town of Dursley, is known for its coal mining in the Victorian era. J. K. Rowling implied that she took the name from the town, commenting "maps are a great source for names", then adding "Dursley and Dudley and Snape are all places I can't visit anymore".[24]  Dursley is a town in Gloucestershire, England. Rowling has commented that she visited the place as a child and hated it, which likely affected her choice of surname for the awful family, remarking "I don't imagine I'm very popular in Dursley".[25][26] Rowling chose the name because it sounded "dull and forbidding".  Dudley as a LEGO minifigure (2020) Dudley in his Smeltings uniform, illustrated by Jim Kay An illustration of Dudley by J. K. Rowling
