A MRH-90 Taipan helicopter, similar to the one seen here in 2021, went down during a night-time military exercise

Debris has been found after an Australian military helicopter crashed off the coast of Queensland, leaving four people missing, police say.

The incident took place during US-Australian exercise off Lindeman Island on Friday night.

Defence Minister Richard Marles said a search and rescue mission was immediately launched.

"The four air crew are yet to be found," Marles said during a press conference on Saturday morning.

He said that the MRH-90 Taipan helicopter crashed near the island, in the Whitsundays, at about 22:30 local time (12:30 GMT).

"Our hopes and thoughts are very much with the aircrew and their families," he said, adding that "we desperately hope for better news during the course of the day".

"These are early days and there will be much more information to be provided about this incident," he said.

Speaking at the same press briefing, the Chief of the Defence Force Angus Campbell said it was "a terrible moment".

"Our focus at the moment is with finding our people and supporting their families and the rest of our team," he said.

He said he appreciated the support provided by civil agencies, the police, the public and "our US allies" to assist the search and rescue operation so far.

The MRH-90 Taipan went down during drills as part of Exercise Talisman Sabre, the largest bilateral military training exercise between Australian and the United States.

Defence officials announced a pause in the Talisman Sabre exercise, which also includes soldiers from Japan, France, Germany, and South Korea.

"I've initiated a pause X across Australia for all participants of Talisman Sabre to enable them all, regardless of their nation, to reach out and let their families know what is going on," Brigadier Damian Hill, the exercise director of Exercise Talisman Sabre, said.

The exercise had been entering its second week and was testing large-scale logistics, land combat, amphibious landings and air operations.

It was expected to wrap up by 4 August.

US Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin are both currently in Queensland as part of the annual Australia-US ministerial (AUSMIN) dialogue.

We are now at the Sir John A MacDonald building across the street from Parliament Hill, where US President Joe Biden and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau are scheduled to speak to members of the media.

The two were supposed to address media at 15:45 local time, but are currently running a bit behind schedule.

In the room are dozens of journalists from global news outlets, eager to ask the two leaders questions about a number of pressing issues that were mentioned during Biden's address to parliament.

Among them is the agreement the two reached on securing the US-Canada border at Roxham Road, which has been criticised by refugee advocates as ineffective to ending the irregular crossing of migrants into Canada.

Biden also spoke on working more closely with Canada on clean energy manufacturing, as well as modernising military assets in the Arctic for defense purposes.

While the president did mention the instability in Haiti, it is not clear yet whether a solution has been reached on the issue - the US has asked Canada to lead a military intervention in the Caribbean country, but Canada has resisted, raising questions on how the two countries plan to move forward.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Rishi Sunak says the Acorn project will strengthen the UK's energy security strategy

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak defended the decision to grant 100 new North Sea oil and gas licences.

The UK government has also said it will support a carbon capture project in the north east of Scotland.

Campaigners said that extracting more fossil fuels from the North Sea would "send a wrecking ball through the UK's climate commitments".

But Mr Sunak said granting the new licences was "entirely consistent" with net zero commitments.

It comes as the party faces internal divisions over its green policies - such as the review over low-traffic neighbourhoods in England - with some MPs calling for a rethink.

Mr Sunak confirmed support for the Acorn Project in St Fergus, Aberdeenshire, on the BBC's Good Morning Scotland programme, then later visited the site.

It is one of four carbon capture projects which will share up to £20bn of funding.

Mr Sunak said the announcement would support thousands of jobs across the UK.

He said granting the new oil and gas licences was "the right thing to do".

The Acorn Project will be located at St Fergus gas terminal in Aberdeenshire

He said: "Even when we reach net zero in 2050, a quarter of our energy needs will still come from oil and gas and domestic gas production has about a quarter or a third of the carbon footprint of imported gas."

The prime minister also said it made "absolutely no sense" to import energy supplies with "two to three times the carbon footprint of what we have got at home".

He said increasing home-grown sources of energy would improve the UK's resilience, create jobs and generate tax revenue to fund public services.

Mr Sunak said the government was determined to transition to net zero in a "proportionate and pragmatic" way.

And he also defended his plans to fly to Scotland as "an efficient use of time for the person running the country" and highlighted investment in new technologies, such as sustainable aviation fuel.

The prime minister said: "If your approach to climate change is to say that no one should go on holiday, no one should go on a plane, I think you are completely and utterly wrong."

The Acorn project in St Fergus in Aberdeenshire missed out, quite controversially, on track one of funding for this back in 2021.

Instead it went to two projects in the north of England.

That was highly controversial because there had been heavy hints placed that the Scottish project would form part of that.

It was one of the most advanced projects in the UK, if not the most advanced, and then suddenly it was dropped.

The accusation was that the Conservative government at Westminster was favouring Red Wall constituencies following its success at the last general election.

But it was always the case that this would be a sequencing of events.

Between the projects announced in 2021 and today 10 mega tonnes of carbon dioxide will be captured and stored by 2030, the UK government says.

That includes emissions from Mosmorran, from Grangemouth, from a new power station to be built at Peterhead and, potentially, from direct air capture.

It effectively sucks carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere and also stores it.

Labour's Ed Miliband claimed the Conservatives' energy policy had left Britain as "the worst hit country in Western Europe during the energy crisis".

Mr Miliband, the shadow climate change secretary, said: "Rishi Sunak's weak and confused policy will not take a penny off bills - as his own party chair has admitted - will do nothing for our energy security, and drive a coach and horses through our climate commitments, while continuing to leave us at the mercy of fossil fuel dictators like Putin."

And Scotland's First Minister Humza Yousaf said the new oil and gas licences demonstrated the UK government was "not serious about tackling the climate emergency".

He tweeted: "For the PM to announce unlimited extraction of oil & gas, in the week the UN has confirmed July is set to be the hottest month in human history, shows the PM is willing to recklessly gamble the future of our planet for cheap political gain."

The St Fergus project is a joint venture between Shell UK and other companies.

It would become Scotland's first carbon capture and storage facility, which would see harmful greenhouse gas emissions piped under the North Sea.

This would prevent the release of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere, by capturing it at the point where the fossil fuel is being burnt.

The UK government said its "decisive action" would provide highly-skilled jobs for young people in the region.

It added this package would "defend the public" against the disruption of global energy supplies by Russian President Vladimir Putin.

However, climate campaigners criticised the decision to award new fossil fuel licences.

Oxfam climate change policy advisor Lyndsay Walsh said the announcement was another example of the government's "hypocritical and dangerously inconsistent climate policy".

She added: "Extracting more fossil fuels from the North Sea will send a wrecking ball through the UK's climate commitments at a time when we should be investing in a just transition to a low carbon economy and our own abundant renewables."

Mike Childs, head of policy at environmental charity Friends of the Earth, said the government needed to focus on energy efficiency and home-grown renewable resources rather than "championing more costly and dirty fossil fuels".

He added: "Climate change is already battering the planet with unprecedented wildfires and heatwaves across the globe."

And Fabrice Leveque, climate and energy policy manager at WWF Scotland, said politicians should be focusing on helping households to transition to clean heating rather than "chasing the mirage of cheap domestic fossil fuels".

He added: "These new licences will do nothing to cut households' energy bills and ignore the best way to boost our energy security - reducing demand for fossil fuels in the first place by insulating homes and replacing oil and gas boilers and vehicles with clean alternatives that run on cheap, homegrown renewables."

Burning fossil fuels like oil, gas and coal to generate electricity emits carbon dioxide (CO2), which is the main driver of climate change.

The carbon capture process stops most of the CO2 produced from being released, and either re-uses it or stores it underground.

Carbon capture technology is seen by policy makers as a vital tool in reaching the net zero target by the middle of the century.

Some environmentalists, however, are against it because they consider it a distraction from the urgent need to cut emissions.

The Acorn Project has been under development in various forms for more than a decade.

It had hoped to be one of the first projects of its kind to receive government backing in 2021, but lost out to two projects in the north of England around the Humber and the Mersey.

SNP Westminster leader and MP for Aberdeen South, Stephen Flynn, said "broken promises" had left Scotland's green energy future in jeopardy.

Welcoming the investment, he added: "There can be no more broken promises or delays. Now is the time to strike on Scotland's green energy potential."

There have been questions raised about the government's ability to meet its 2050 net zero target, with its climate advisers having warned the UK risks falling behind without much faster action.

On Friday, Mr Sunak said he was committed to meeting the target in a "pragmatic and proportionate way" but without "unnecessarily adding costs and burdens to families".

Net zero means no longer adding to the total amount of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere.

Mr Sunak has faced calls from some Tories to change the deadline for the 2030 ban on the sale of new petrol and diesels cars, but told the Sunday Telegraph he was not planning to do so.

There has also been debate over the expansion of London's ultra-low emission zone (Ulez), which was widely seen as helping Conservatives seal a narrow victory in the Uxbridge by-election.

Both Mr Sunak and Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer have urged London mayor Sadiq Khan to reflect on the rollout as people struggle with cost-of-living pressures.

Olivia was murdered by Thomas Cashman as he chased a fellow drug dealer into her home

The mother of murdered schoolgirl Olivia Pratt-Korbel has said she wants to help steer young people away from guns and gangs.

Cheryl Korbel, whose daughter was shot by Thomas Cashman as he chased a drug dealer into her home, told the Sunday Mirror she wanted "violence to stop".

"We need to get rid of the gangs [and] give kids opportunities," she said.

She also said she wanted to create a memorial and support a campaign to force criminals to attend sentencings.

Ms Korbel told the newspaper she wanted police, charities and the local community to work together on violent crime in the hope it would stop other families from going through what she had.

"I want the guns to come off the streets and the violence to lessen, if not stop all together," she said.

"We need to get rid of the gangs.

"Police, communities and charities need to get involved with kids more.

"We need to give kids opportunities."

Olivia was fatally shot by Cashman as he chased a fellow drug dealer into her home in Dovecot, Liverpool, on the evening of 22 August 2022.

He also injured Ms Korbel as she tried to stop the two men, who the family did not know, from entering the house.

The 34-year-old, who was jailed for life and ordered to serve at least 42 years, refused to enter the dock for his sentencing hearing on Monday, a move which the judge said was "disrespectful" to Olivia's family.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Olivia Pratt-Korbel's mother: "Justice has prevailed and I cannot begin to express our relief"

She said as a result of what she went through, she would "support a law that would force criminals to show up for sentencing".

"We were dragged right through that court case when we didn't need to be," she said.

"If he'd owned it from the beginning, we wouldn't have had to be there.

"Why should we go through all that and then he gets the option of not being there? It's like a kick in the teeth."

The Ministry of Justice has previously said that as a result of cases like Cashman's and that of Jordan McSweeney, who murdered law graduate Zara Aleena, it was looking into changing the law to force offenders "to face the consequences of their actions".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Ms Korbel also told the newspaper she wanted to create a memorial garden to her daughter, which would provide a "safe space" in which children could play and be taught not to "go down the wrong path" in life.

She said she would "bring a sunflower" to the memorial since it was "one of Liv's favourite flowers because it was so bright and big".

"I'd like to sit on a bench and just reflect on what we had and what we don't have any more," she said.

"What I should be doing with Liv, I'll now have to do with my nieces."

She added that the garden would "give the kids in this area somewhere to play, which they desperately need".

"I've also thought of having an area for bedding plants and stuff," she said.

"It's about teaching kids to look after things and apply themselves.

"Kids will come to the park and then tell their friends: 'Come down the garden - I did this'."

BBC Panorama investigates how Liverpool came to dominate the UK drug market and how organised crime brought death to Olivia Pratt-Korbel's door.

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The £4.8m solid gold toilet disappeared from Blenheim Palace in 2019

A man has pleaded guilty to the theft of an 18-carat gold toilet from Blenheim Palace.

James "Jimmy" Sheen, 39, from Wellingborough in Northamptonshire, pleaded guilty to burglary, transferring criminal property and conspiracy to do the same.

The £4.8m toilet was stolen from the Oxfordshire stately home in 2019 while it was featured in an art exhibition.

Sheen appeared at Oxford Crown Court via video link from HMP Five Wells.

He is already serving a 17-year sentence for a string of thefts, including from cash points.

Sheen also stole £400,000 worth of tractors and high-value trophies from the National Horse Racing Museum in Newmarket.

James "Jimmy" Sheen plead guilty to the theft of the 18-carat gold toilet

As it was plumbed in at the time, the heist caused flooding and damage to the 18th Century palace in Woodstock.

Three other men have pleaded not guilty to charges related to the theft.

Michael Jones, 38, of Oxford, is accused of burglary.

Frederick Sines, 35, of Ascot, and Bora Guccuk, 40, of London, are both accused of conspiring to transfer criminal property.

The men are due to go on trial in February.

Follow BBC South on Facebook, X, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to south.newsonline@bbc.co.uk or via WhatsApp on 0808 100 2240.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Blair Anderson says getting help meant she could "find my voice to continue to ask for support"

"If this service gets taken away there's going to be loads of vulnerable people in deep water."

That is Belfast man Marc Young's stark assessment of the potential loss of funding to hundreds of groups who helped people like him.

About £40m in annual funding from the European Social Fund (ESF) is due to stop on 31 March as a result of Brexit.

While the UK government has promised to replace the money, it is not clear exactly when and how that will happen.

That means the jobs of an estimated 1,700 staff in charity and community groups are at risk.

For Marc and Ballymena woman Blair Anderson, that means the support that they got to turn their lives around may not be available to others.

Blair Anderson faced many problems in her teens.

"I was a young mum, I'd my daughter at 14 so back then my life looked bleak and I was involved with social services," she told BBC News NI.

"When I say I had no hope for the future, I remember going into a meeting with my social worker and saying like: 'I'm happy to be on the dole, I don't want or need to work because I have the option of being on benefits.'

Marc Young said the opportunity provided by the European Social Fund turned his life around

"I was involved in anti-social behaviour, I had been arrested and my life was really going down a bad path.

"I was involved with alcohol and other substances that was impacting my life, impacting my mental health."

Like her, Marc also ran into problems at school and on the Shankill Road where he grew up.

"I had a lot of mental health issues and there was a lot of pressure on me in school to actually do well," he said.

"I just couldn't deal with the pressure growing up being a Protestant young man and I had to keep my emotions to myself."

While he got to university, he said he lasted "about two days" before dropping out.

"I had no drive, no passion, the only thing I wanted to do was sit in bed," he continued.

But eventually he began a 12-week employability programme run by the Include Youth organisation through the Alternatives group on the Shankill Road.

Blair, meanwhile, started a programme run by Include Youth called Give & Take.

Both said that had turned their lives around. Both, now in their 20s, are youth workers and back in education.

Both Blair and Marc spoke at an event held by East Belfast Mission to highlight the risks to groups if the funding is not replaced soon.

"It was the support that I actually got that motivated me and drove me to do well within my own life, for my family for my friends and for my future," Marc said.

For Blair, getting help meant she could "find my voice to continue to ask for support".

"Many times I failed, many times I had personal circumstances but that didn't impact," she said.

"They supported me with that along with my education, training and employment - something school didn't offer me.

"There was support provided around my child and being a parent, again something that wasn't accommodated in a school environment.

"That enabled me to flourish and enabled me to find myself."

Both Blair and Marc spoke at an event held by East Belfast Mission to highlight the risks to groups which help disadvantaged, vulnerable and disabled people if European Social Funding is not replaced soon.

Others at the meeting described the situation as "a scandal".

About 30 staff at Include Youth, the organisation which helped Blair and Marc, are among those whose jobs may be lost.

Stormont used to top up the ESF money with about £14m a year in matched funding.

But with no executive it is not clear if that money will be available in 2023-24 either.

The UK government recently told BBC News NI that its Shared Prosperity Fund would match previous EU funding and increase in the coming years.

"As EU projects come to an end, funding from UK Shared Prosperity Fund will increase, reaching over £50m for Northern Ireland in 2023-24 and £74m in 2024-25, to spread opportunity, help local businesses and improve pride in place," a spokesperson said.

But with the deadline of 31 March for ESF funding running out less than three weeks away, Blair and Marc fear for the future.

"If the government doesn't step in or someone doesn't step in to save this service we're ultimately putting the most vulnerable back in an even more vulnerable position, to me that doesn't make sense," Blair said.

The 22 victims of the Manchester Arena bombing

The Manchester Arena Inquiry was a mammoth undertaking. Evidence was heard over 196 days, presented and pored over by 18 legal teams, and culminating in three reports running into hundreds of pages.

I went to many of the hearings and, while much of what I heard did cast fresh light on the May 2017 bombing, I listened to a lot of the evidence with a sinking heart and a sense of familiarity and deja vu.

As the BBC's North of England Correspondent, I've also spent many years covering the aftermath of the Hillsborough disaster in Sheffield - sitting through two years of inquest hearings, and three criminal trials.

The more I heard at the Arena inquiry, the more it reminded me of Hillsborough.

And I wasn't the only one. Several Hillsborough families told me that they had an uncomfortable sense of history repeating itself.

Margaret Aspinall has been a prominent spokesperson for Hillsborough families - pictured in 2016

Margaret Aspinall's son, James, died in the April 1989 disaster - one of 97 Liverpool supporters to have lost their lives. She says seeing what happened at Manchester Arena brought back painful memories. "You saw people were left again without getting CPR. The main thing is… lessons have not been learnt."

I started to keep a record of the ways the two tragedies seemed to overlap - and quickly realised the seeds of disaster had been sown well before each fateful day.

At both Hillsborough and Manchester Arena, joint working between the organisations responsible for crowd safety failed. The Hillsborough Inquests found that in the years before the disaster, Sheffield Wednesday FC had not agreed any meaningful contingency plan with South Yorkshire Police - and the club had not been part of a working party, whose other members included South Yorkshire Police, the fire service and local councils.

At Hillsborough, the club's safety certificate was 10 years old, and hadn't been updated despite changes to the ground which had impacted on capacity and stewarding. A document called The Green Guide was relied on by the club. It was a voluntary code with no legal force and open to interpretation.

In Manchester - British Transport Police (BTP), Greater Manchester Police, North West Ambulance Service and Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service were supposed to work together on a joint planned response to an emergency through a local "resilience forum", with meetings every six months.

The Arena inquiry heard that in the two years leading up to the attack, officers from BTP were only present at a third of those meetings, and those who had attended weren't senior enough.

For 5 Minutes On, Judith Moritz looks at the many parallels between the Hillsborough and Manchester Arena tragedies - and asks whether history is repeating itself.

The Manchester inquiry also found the venue's operator SMG UK, and its security contractor Showsec, both had inadequate risk assessments. It also ruled that a breach of the Arena's premises licence - a failure to agree a minimum number of stewards - may have contributed to the fact the attack wasn't prevented.

Companies working at the Arena were also meant to comply with a document called The Purple Guide, which provides important guidance about health and safety at music and other events. The Manchester inquiry found the Arena's private medical provider ETUK "fell a long way short of the guidance provided by the Purple Guide".

Bosses admitted "policing got it badly wrong" in the aftermath of the 1989 stadium disaster

At Hillsborough, ambulances lined up outside the ground, but only one South Yorkshire Metropolitan Ambulance Service (SYMAS) vehicle was allowed onto the pitch with only one paramedic at the Leppings Lane end.

At Manchester Arena, only one paramedic was inside the foyer for the first 40 minutes. Ambulances arrived outside, but a casualty clearing station was set up away from the area where the bomb went off, and the injured had to be lifted there, rather than being offered help inside the Arena.

At both Hillsborough and Manchester, important life-saving help was given by members of the public.

One of the most enduring images of the Hillsborough disaster is that of Liverpool fans carrying the dead and injured on advertising hoardings used as improvised stretchers, in the absence of the real thing.

The same thing happened at Manchester - with graphic testimony at the public inquiry about what happened to one of the fatalities, 28-year-old John Atkinson, who nearly slid off an advertising board and was then carried out on a section of metal railings.

John Atkinson was carried from Manchester Arena on a makeshift stretcher

Pete Weatherby KC is a barrister who has represented both Hillsborough and Arena families. He told me some of the similarities were "pretty shocking".

"Something as basic as stretchers in both Hillsborough and the Arena. People who were very, very severely injured and in some cases died, were carried out on advertising hoardings in both cases, 30 years apart. There has to be a rethink here".

At Hillsborough, the police radio systems failed and officers outside the ground could not hear instructions or communicate. There was a failure to get through to the police control room.

The Manchester inquiry heard evidence that not all stewards had radios, and there was confusion about the functionality of the radios issued to some Showsec staff. Their training in how to use the radios was not adequate.

Andrew Roussos and his son outside Manchester Arena following the bomb attack

At Hillsborough, families desperate for information struggled to get through on jammed phone lines. Many drove to Sheffield to search for loved ones. But on arrival, it was equally impossible to locate relatives - and the way they were treated, added to their trauma.

Barry Devonside was at the match, but not on the Leppings Lane terraces where his son, Christopher, was crushed. Mr Devonside went to the temporary mortuary to look for the 18 year old, but police sent him away. He spent seven hours checking at hospitals and a reception centre before being sent back to the mortuary where his son's body had been lying all along. He then had to look at Polaroid photos of all the deceased in order to identify Christopher.

Twenty-eight years later, the story of Andrew Roussos at Manchester Arena bears a horrible resemblance to that of Barry Devonside. Andrew's wife Lisa - and their children Ashlee, 26, and Saffie-Rose, 8 - had been on a "girls night" at the arena to watch pop star Ariana Grande.

When the bomb exploded at the end of the concert, the three of them were in the arena's foyer. Andrew and his son Xander had been waiting outside nearby to collect them - and were quickly at the scene. But although they found Ashlee straight away, they couldn't find Lisa or Saffie.

The pair walked round and round the perimeter of the arena, leaving their details with police officers and asking for help. They didn't know that they were yards from Lisa, who was lying inside on the foyer floor - or that Saffie had been carried out of a nearby exit and put into an ambulance.

They were sent from pillar to post, travelling between three hospitals, until they finally found Lisa in the early hours of the next morning. But Saffie remained missing for 14 hours, until they were finally told that she'd died in the explosion. At the public inquiry, they learned that she was alive when she was taken out of the arena, and had actually died at hospital.

In 2012, the Hillsborough Independent Panel published a report which found that 41 of the victims had the potential to have survived, if the emergency response had been different. Barry Devonside's son Christopher was amongst them. Inquests later found he may have lived for two hours after the match was stopped.

This year, the Manchester Arena Inquiry established that 20 of the 22 people killed in the bombing had died from unsurvivable injuries - but it ruled that it was likely that emergency services' inadequacies had prevented John Atkinson's survival. Inquiry Chairman Sir John Saunders also said he could not rule out the possibility that Saffie-Rose Roussos could have been saved with better treatment.

In his "pen portrait" of Saffie-Rose at the Manchester inquiry, Andrew Roussos said his daughter had "melted people's hearts"

The Hillsborough families have endured the double tragedy of the disaster itself, and also a three-decade-long legal aftermath which has included a public inquiry, two sets of inquests and four trials.

The Manchester Arena bombing has generated several reviews and reports, and a public inquiry which lasted two years. The Arena inquiry included learning which came directly from Hillsborough. After the first set of Hillsborough Inquests in 1990, which referred to the victims by number, there was a determined effort to put the victims at the heart of the process second time around.

That's why, in 2014, the new Hillsborough inquests in Warrington began with a "pen portraits" process - with every bereaved family invited to speak in court about their loved ones' lives and characters. The experience was seen as positive, and has since been used elsewhere, including at the Grenfell Tower Inquiry.

The Manchester Arena Inquiry also began with individual pen portrait family tributes to each of the 22 victims - an approach welcomed by the Mayor of Greater Manchester, Andy Burnham, who has also worked with Hillsborough families for many years.

"I think the experience of the Arena families at the inquiry was better than it would have been had it not been for what was revealed about what was so wrong with the original Hillsborough inquests - and how impersonal that was."

However, not every step of the legal process has been positive for survivors and relatives.

At both the Hillsborough inquests, and the Manchester Arena Inquiry, survivors applied to be given "core participant" status, which would have afforded them legal representation. In both cases, they were denied.

Anne Eyre survived the crush at Hillsborough and it changed her life forever. She went on to become a consultant in emergency planning and disaster management. She established a peer support programme for people affected by the Manchester bombing.

She says using her lived experiences to help others, who aren't legally core participants, is her way of "paying it forward".

"Regardless of your legal status, it's a constant thing of trying to make sense of an experience where some people around you have died, and you have lived. The randomness of it never leaves you".

The Glade of Light memorial in Manchester bears the names of all those killed in the Arena attack

Those affected by both tragedies also speak of their experience of enduring months of courtroom argument, as organisations involved at both Hillsborough and Manchester Arena sought to blame each other.

"We see a repeat of this tendency of public bodies not to feel able to tell the truth at the first time of asking," says Andy Burnham, "and sadly, that has repeated, not to the same degree, but to some degree with the Manchester Arena Inquiry."

The Greater Manchester mayor is one of those leading the campaign for a "Hillsborough Law" - which would give families bereaved through public tragedies financial support for legal representation at inquiries.

"It's something we need very urgently. People know that mistakes get made - that's life. What people won't forgive is the covering up of those mistakes.

"And then the pushing of people, already traumatised by their loss, into a wilderness where they're left just trying to fight for change, truth, and answers for years and years to come."

This week, the Government announced the creation of a new role - that of Independent Public Advocate. It's part of an effort to improve care of survivors and families of people killed in major disasters, including by supporting them through the inquiries that follow.

But it stops short of the full package of measures which some would like to see.

"The obvious problem with inquiries and inquests is that very often you get a fantastic report and great recommendations - but then it sits on a shelf," says Pete Weatherby KC.

Both Hillsborough and Manchester Arena have resulted in multiple inquiry reports. One thing that everyone involved in both disasters has in common is the hope that they'll be used as the basis for real change - so no-one else has to go through similar suffering in future.

The charity said the woman had become "firmly stuck in a channel of shallow water"

A woman has been rescued after becoming "stuck waist-deep in thick mud" while walking near a lake, the RNLI has said.

Hoylake's hovercraft Hurley Spirit was sent to help the woman at the south end of West Kirby Marine Lake on Merseyside at about 14:45 BST on Monday.

The charity said she had become "firmly stuck in a channel of shallow water" and was unable to reach the shore.

It said after being rescued, she was treated for shock and the "effects of the cold mud".

A representative said Wirral and Flint Coastguard Rescue Teams, Merseyside Police and the North West Ambulance Service also helped with the rescue.

The RNLI said the hovercraft "returned to the lifeboat station for a thorough wash down"

The marine lake is an artificial saltwater lake, which is bordered by a walkway and the sand flats at West Kirby.

At low tide, it is possible to walk across the sands from the lake to nearby Hilbre Island in the River Dee estuary.

They said that when the hovercraft arrived, the woman was "firmly stuck" and the crew had to land "carefully" alongside her and use "mud boards and mats" to provide "a solid surface".

They said she was then "swiftly" extracted and brought aboard for assessment.

"With reassurance from the RNLI crew and plenty of blankets to keep her warm, the casualty was flown ashore on the hovercraft and landed at Sandy Lane Slipway, where she was passed to the care of the Coastguard and ambulance service," they added.

Hovercraft commander Tony Warburton said the crew had been "glad" to help, but urged others to planning to visit the area to only visit a "lifeguarded beach", check the weather forecast and tide times, and look out for "local safety signage".

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Nato members have pledged to send more ammunition in support of Ukraine's war effort against the Russian invasion.

The United States is by far the largest contributor of military aid, followed by the UK and the EU.

The US, the UK and Germany are sending tanks, and Germany is allowing other Western countries to send German-made tanks from their fleets.

The US and other Nato allies have promised to support providing advanced fighter jets to Ukraine and also back training Ukrainian pilots to fly them.

Largest donors of military aid to Ukraine by country.

During a visit to Kyiv on 21 February, US President Joe Biden announced further funding of almost half a billion dollars in military aid to Ukraine (not included in the above chart).

Ukraine's President Volodomyr Zelensky has said his forces need Western battle tanks urgently to defend its territory and to push Russian troops out of occupied areas.

The US is sending 31 of its Abrams tanks, the UK is providing 14 Challenger 2 tanks and Germany, 14 Leopards 2 tanks.

The Leopard 2 is used by a number of European countries, and is considered to be easier to maintain and more fuel-efficient than most other Western tanks.

Spain says it's sending six of its Leopard 2 tanks to Ukraine.

In the months which followed the Russian invasion, Nato preferred member countries to supply Ukraine with tanks which had been in use in the former Warsaw Pact,

Ukraine's armed forces know how to operate them, and how to maintain them, and had a lot spare parts for them.

Western tanks are more complicated to operate and harder to maintain.

However, Kyiv believes its forces are now in a position where they can use Nato tanks.

The UK led the way in Nato by offering to provide the Challenger 2 - its main battle tank.

The Challenger 2 was built in the 1990s, but is significantly more advanced than other tanks available to Ukraine's armed forces.

Ukraine used Warsaw Pact designed T-72 tanks prior to the invasion, and since February 2022 has received more than 200 T-72s from Poland, the Czech Republic and a small number of other countries.

Announcing the US decision to send 31 Abrams tanks to Ukraine, President Joe Biden described them as "the most capable tanks in the world".

He said the US would start training Ukrainian soldiers to use them immediately but it remains unclear how long it will be until the tanks themselves are delivered.

The BBC's Gary O'Donoghue in Washington says the funding process for the tanks means they may not be deployed for several months.

Military professionals point out that success on the battlefield requires a vast range of equipment, deployed in coordination, with the necessary logistical support in place.

The Stryker is one of the many armoured vehicles that have been donated to Ukraine. The US recently confirmed that 90 Strykers would soon be dispatched.

Among the other vehicles donated by the US recently were 59 more Bradley infantry fighting vehicles. They were used extensively by US forces in Iraq.

In December, the US also announced it was sending the Patriot missile system to Ukraine - and Germany and the Netherlands have recently followed suit.

This highly sophisticated system has a range of up to 62 miles (100km), depending on the type of missile used, and requires specialised training for Ukrainian soldiers, likely to be carried out at a US Army base in Germany.

But the system is expensive to operate - one Patriot missile costs around $3m.

Since the start of the conflict, Ukraine has been using Soviet-era S-300 surface-to-air systems against Russian attacks.

Before the conflict began in February, Ukraine had about 250 S-300s and there have been efforts to replenish these with similar systems stockpiled in other former Soviet countries, with some coming from Slovakia.

The US has also provided Nasams (National Advanced Surface-to-Air Missile System) to Ukraine. The first Nasams arrived in Ukraine in November.

In addition, the UK has provided several air defence systems, including Starstreak, designed to bring down low-flying aircraft at short range.

Germany has also provided air defence systems, including the IRIS-T air defence systems which can hit approaching missiles at an altitude of up to 20km.

Among the long-range rocket launchers sent to Ukraine by the US are the M142 High Mobility Artillery Rocket System or Himars. Several European countries have also sent similar systems.

Himars are believed to have been central to Ukraine's success in pushing Russian forces back in the south, particularly in Kherson in November.

Crucially, the range of Himars, and many other systems, varies according to the munitions used, and it is believed that western donors have not provided the ammunition with the longest range.

The munitions thought to have been supplied to Ukraine give the system a range of about 50 miles (80km), which is further than the Smerch system on the Russian side.

Himars systems are also much more accurate than the equivalent Russian systems.

In the months following the invasion and Russia's retreat from Kyiv, much of the war centred on the east of the country where supplies of artillery to Ukraine were in heavy demand.

Australia, Canada and the US were among the countries to send advanced M777 howitzers and ammunition to Ukraine.

The range of the M777 is similar to Russia's Giatsint-B howitzer, and much longer than Russia's D-30 towed gun.

Nato countries say they are planning to ramp up their supply of shells, because Ukraine has been using them much at a faster rate than they are being delivered.

They are asking their domestic manufacturers to increase production.

Thousands of Nlaw weapons, designed to destroy tanks with a single shot, have also been supplied to Ukraine.

The weapons are thought to have been particularly important in stopping the advance of Russian forces on Kyiv in the hours and days following the invasion.

Drones have featured heavily in the conflict so far, with many used for surveillance, targeting and heavy lift operations.

Turkey has sold Bayraktar TB2 armed drones to Ukraine in recent months, whilst the Turkish manufacturer of the system has donated drones to crowd-funding operations in support of Ukraine.

Analysts say the Bayraktar TB2s have been extremely effective, flying at about 25,000 feet (7,600m) before descending to attack Russian targets with laser-guided bombs.

The US had repeatedly rebuffed Ukraine's pleas for fighter jets, instead focusing on providing military support in other areas.

But now, President Joe Biden has announced the US will support providing advanced fighter jets - including US-made F-16s - to Ukraine and also back training Ukrainian pilots to fly them.

The US endorsement will allow other nations to export their own F-16 jets, as the US legally has to approve the re-export of equipment purchased by allies.

The UK, Netherlands, Belgium, France and Denmark have welcomed the move and will provide support.

Additional reporting by Thomas Spencer. Graphics by Gerry Fletcher and Sana Dionysiou.

Andrew Tate, left, and his brother Tristan were first arrested at their Bucharest home in December

Controversial influencer Andrew Tate has been charged in Romania with rape, human trafficking and forming an organised crime group to sexually exploit women.

His brother Tristan and two associates also face charges. All have denied the allegations.

The Tate brothers appeared in court for the first time on Wednesday.

As he left court Andrew Tate said: "I love this country... and I look forward to being found innocent."

The brothers were first arrested at their Bucharest home in December before being moved to house arrest in March.

The indictment deposited with the Bucharest court says that the four defendants formed an organised criminal group in 2021 to commit human trafficking in Romania, but also in other countries including the US and the UK.

It names seven alleged victims who it says were recruited by the Tate brothers through false promises of love and marriage.

The alleged victims were later taken to buildings in Ilfov county in Romania where they were intimidated, placed under constant surveillance and control and forced into debt, according to a statement from Romanian prosecutors.

The defendants allegedly then forced the women to take part in pornography which was later shared on social media.

One defendant is accused of raping a woman twice in March 2022, the statement adds.

The trial will not start immediately and is expected to take several years.

A Romanian judge now has 60 days to inspect the case files before it can be sent to trial.

The media team for the Tate brothers said: "While this news is undoubtedly predictable, we embrace the opportunity it presents to demonstrate their innocence and vindicate their reputation."

It added that the indictment "allows us to present a comprehensive body of evidence, diligently collected and prepared over time, which will undoubtedly substantiate the brothers' claims of innocence".

There are also separate charges still under investigation which could lead to a separate indictment, including money laundering and trafficking of minors.

In 2016, Andrew Tate, a British-American former kickboxer, was removed from British TV show Big Brother over a video which appeared to show him attacking a woman.

He went on to gain notoriety online, with Twitter banning him for saying women should "bear some responsibility" for being sexually assaulted. He has since been reinstated.

Despite social media bans, he gained popularity, particularly among young men, by promoting what he presented as a hyper-masculine, ultra-luxurious lifestyle.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Sign up for our UK morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The video shows the aftermath of the celebrations

Football clubs should organise their own fan celebrations, an MP has said, after mass disruption around Celtic's Premiership trophy day.

Thousands of fans gathered in Glasgow city centre on Saturday leaving streets strewn with rubbish.

Three people were attacked and ten arrested amid "unacceptable" levels of anti-social behaviour, police said.

Glasgow Central MP Alison Thewliss condemned the "disruption" and "mess" caused on social media.

She said football clubs should be billed for the clean-up costs.

The SNP MP told the BBC: "My preference would be for the clubs to organise things, so that there was safety for fans and residents and responsibility for ensuring everyone is looked after."

Footage taken by a resident near Glasgow Cross shows the litter-strewn aftermath of the celebrations, which council staff had to clean through the night.

The council said it was concerned about the risk to public safety associated with the gathering.

Last minute road closures had also taken place while traffic signals had been damaged.

One man who was attacked was in serious condition in hospital over the weekend. There have been no updates on his condition.

Celtic FC did not endorse the gathering but has not yet commented.

The council said it was too early to comment on clean-up costs.

Celtic fans gathered in Glasgow city centre after the team lifted the Scottish Premiership trophy

On Sunday a spokesman for Glasgow City Council said: "Staff worked through the night to deal with the build-up of waste and a continued effort was required on Sunday morning to restore the area to a good condition.

"Roads closed at short notice for safety reasons were reopened on Sunday morning and traffic signals damaged during the gathering were also repaired."But the gathering clearly caused disruption to residents, local businesses and the roads network.

"We are also concerned about the anti-social behaviour and risk to public safety associated with the gathering. We will be engaging with our partners in Saturday's operation on how the issues that arose during the gathering can be addressed in future."

Fans gathered to celebrate after Celtic lifted the SPFL trophy at Celtic Park, following a 5-0 win against Aberdeen.

The club had already sealed their fate as champions before the match with Aberdeen kicked off at 12:30.

The league was settled with a victory at Tynecastle at the start of May.

The sight of thousands of football fans gathering away from the stadium to celebrate on-field success, is relatively new.

Traditionally, many supporters would gather in pubs and bars and, while singing and dancing may often have spilled out onto the streets, it would rarely lead to road closures and the need mass policing.

It is a change that brings with it challenges.

Some politicians have been vocal about clubs taking more responsibility but just how feasible is that?

Can there really be an expectation that football clubs should be liable for what happens miles away from a stadium, simply because the majority of the crowd is wearing colours relating to that club?

It would make for an interesting legal challenge about where the boundary falls between social and club responsibility.

It doesn't help that our national game's relationship with Holyrood has been a tricky one in recent years.

Football's contribution to society is often maligned by politicians and others, sometimes with very good reason, but in Scotland it's a huge, and for the most part, a positive part of people's lives.

Embracing all of it and deciding who is responsible for it, has always been the tricky part.

Robert Robinson said there was broken glass, blood and sick left outside his shop

Robert Robinson, the store manager of Guitar Guitar in the cities' Trongate, he said he witnessed "chaotic" scenes outside the shop.

He told BBC Scotland: "It's quite worrying more from the security aspect, customers trying to make their way into the store. We had some people who had travelled from outside the city, not aware that was going on that were then unable to gain access to the property.

"Getting staff home safely is obviously a really big priority for ourselves, we don't want anybody getting injured or caught up in anything. The damage and the mess outside, that can be cleaned but if somebody got hurt that would be terrible.

"I think people celebrating something is fine but it shouldn't impact anyone else."

He said he would welcome an organised event with security in future.

Supt Gerry Corrigan from Police Scotland called the levels of anti-social behaviour and incidents of disorder "unacceptable".

Ten people were arrested for a number of offences including assault, acts of public disorder and police assault and another eight people were issued with fixed penalty notices.

Police confirmed that 18 people sustained minor injuries mainly due to intoxication.

Concerns have been growing after so-called title-celebrations for a number of years. Last year, when Celtic lifted the trophy, celebrations featured flares and smoke bombs, this was called "unacceptable" by Police Scotland.

In 2021, when Rangers won the league, fans massed in the city's George Square where more than 50 people were arrested.

Japan's Emperor Naruhito and Empress Masako are now on Instagram

In 1926, when Japanese Emperor Hirohito ascended the Imperial throne, he was revered by millions of Japanese people as a living god.

Almost 100 years later, the world's oldest continuing monarchy is sporting a very different look.

His grandson, Emperor Naruhito vowed to bring the country's royal family into the modern age when he took over five years ago.

And on Monday, the royal household took a very definite step into the 21st Century: they joined Instagram.

The move comes some 15 years after Britain's royals first made their social media debuts.

"The [Japanese] were perhaps the last notable royal family not to fully engage the digital era," notes social media analyst Andrew Hughes.

But it was an inevitable move. The family had made clear their wish to engage with younger generations and stay relevant; and given those subjects increasingly only get content through their phones, the family would also have to go online.

But for those hoping to get a more authentic glimpse into Imperial Family's day-to-day lives, the 48-hour presence of the @kunaicho_jp account so far might disappoint.

"When I heard [they] created an Instagram, I quickly checked it out. But of course the emperor wouldn't post 'today's lunch (heart emoji)' or anything like that," one fan wrote online.

In the 70 pictures and five videos uploaded across the kunaicho_jp [Imperial Household] profile so far, Emperor Naruhito, Empress Masako and their widely adored only child, the 22-year-old Princess Aiko feature prominently.

But a page divulging personal notes, reflections or even just more candid pictures of the royals this is not.

The British royals - who have had an official Instagram for several years - post different style of images to the new Japanese instagram page

The gallery so far is pretty formal in tone - just a round up of royal duties these last few months: public appearances, visits to museums, earthquake sites and meetings in drawing rooms with royals from other lands. There's some bonsai and a lot of bowing. A birthday celebration post shows the Emperor and Empress seated at a low table, smiling for the cameras.

Instagram influencers go to great lengths to curate the overall look of their grid - for potential new followers to be won over in one glance by a brand that's cohesive and easy on the eye, a definable aesthetic.

The Japanese royals appear to have one too. A melange of beige and grey.

"The account's posts are extremely dull, the same kind of photos it shares in press releases," says Jeffrey Hall, a Japanese studies lecturer at Kanda University.

The Japanese royals hosting a visit with the royals from Brunei

The captions, written solely in Japanese, so far remain just factual recaps of the event shown in photos. Don't expect a casual first name sign-off just yet or any personal musings from the Emperor.

And while they've seized on the Stories function- the tool usually used by Instagram users to post sporadic flashes of life - it appears so far the Imperial Household officials are just using it to showcase the B-roll of event photographs.

"I don't think that the conservative officials at the IHA have any intention of providing an interactive or entertaining experience for their Instagram followers," says Mr Hall.

Crucially, they've also turned the comments off - a trend emerging out of the corporate world, social media analysts note.

"It stops any brand damage from those platforming their own causes, hijacking of comments… and basically diluting the content and harming the brand," says Mr Hughes, who teaches advertising and marketing at the Australian National University.

"They may yet change it but I wouldn't expect that as that would open a can of worms and they have very much seen what happens from overseas examples with other royal families."

Certainly, while the Japanese royals might be making their online debut 15 years later than the Windsors, the furore over a photoshopped image of the Princess of Wales and her family in recent months would certainly be front of mind.

After all, this is a royal family whose Chrysanthemum throne rule and lineage trace millennia, a royal house which did not wish to taint themselves with social media for well over a decade.

"Expect a very tight and narrow narrative and content as the Japanese royal family want to reinforce their conservative and safe brand image," says Mr Hughes. "There will be no (Prince Harry's autobiography) Spare-style works emerging or any Photoshopped dramas."

He notes too that the Japanese have a slightly different relationship with their royals - more reverential, more respectful.

"They don't need to provide constant content initially, just more a subtle reinforcement of brand and minimising AI and disinformation and misinformation by controlling what is released and discussed. For me, this is smart brand management," says Mr Hughes.

And while there have been tabloid scandals in the past, the Imperial Household has worked hard to keep the Crown family clean - by and large, they are still viewed by the Japanese populace as morally upstanding role models.

Posts featuring Princess Aiko, like this one, have received the most likes so far

The family has long used traditional media channels, photography, newspapers and since the Meji period, TV programmes and weekly magazines to get their message across.

"However, these mediums were often employed to reinforce their positive yet distant image rather than fostering familiarity with the public," says Masafumi Moden, a Japanese Studies lecturer at the Australian National University.

It seems with Instagram, the family are continuing that strategy.

Social media might encourage close-ups, but for the Japanese royal family they're content to remain at arms length.

The US will support the delivery of advanced fighter jets to Ukraine by allowing Western allies to supply American-made F-16s, and by training Ukrainian pilots to use the jets.

It would certainly be a military boost for Kyiv - but the devil is in the detail.

The crucial questions are: how many, how quickly, and what weapons will the jets come supplied with?

No-one doubts the ability of the F-16, which has more than proved itself in conflicts around the world.

They will be a step up from Ukraine's Soviet era Mig-29s and Su-27s, which fly comparable missions.

The F-16 radar can see further, allowing hostile aircraft to be engaged at longer ranges.

They typically come with missiles that do not require the aircraft to maintain a radar lock to hit their target - a capability that Russia currently has, but Ukraine does not.

F-16s can also launch precision bombs guided by laser, GPS, and advanced targeting systems, and are better at targeting and destroying enemy ground-based radars than Ukraine's current fighter jets.

But it is not yet clear which of these capabilities would be made available to Ukraine if the delivery of the jets goes ahead.

Training and delivery will also be a challenge for Ukraine. The computer systems on board - such as the avionics - operate in a very different way to Soviet aircraft.

In combat, pilots need to instinctively select multiple, correct modes in complex scenarios where they are at risk of being overwhelmed by rapidly developing events - a situation known as task-saturation.

Imagine as a car driver switching from a Renault to a Mercedes, and having to instantly know the position of the headlight switches, the wipers and the fog lights - all on a hugely more complicated level. It takes time and practice.

Ukrainian pilots will receive training on bespoke simulators. But it is also highly likely they would have been practising on commercially available software, which delivers a very close representation of the workflow required to operate an F-16.

Numbers are also key. It is little use sending half a dozen jets which on their own might be vulnerable to the mighty Su-35s operated by Russia.

Combat aircraft are most effective in packages where jets are grouped together for certain roles - all to carry out one specific mission.

For example, if the mission is to neutralise an enemy radar installation, you might want a "four-ship" comprising four jets to carry the missiles or the bombs to destroy that structure.

That role is called a Suppression of Enemy Air Defences (SEAD) strike. But you do not want that critical flight itself to be vulnerable to attack.

So you might have another four aircraft flying ahead in a "SEAD escort" role, armed with air-to-air weapons, to protect the SEAD strike from enemy planes.

The point is all this requires many aircraft, and they need to be supported by other assets.

That would include surveillance planes to warn about enemy fighters in the area, ground maintenance crews to ensure the upkeep of the jets and having, of course, the necessary infrastructure to take off and land safely.

So the US decision to give the OK to other nations to supply F-16s marks the start of a complicated process and much work will be required to get to delivery.
• None Biden to let allies supply F-16s in boost for Kyiv

Former prime minister Boris Johnson has resigned as an MP and announced he is stepping down with immediate effect.

In a lengthy statement the ex-PM accused a Commons investigation of attempting to "drive me out".

Mr Johnson first became and MP in 2001, representing the constituency of Henley in Oxfordshire, since then he went on to become the Mayor of London, MP for Uxbridge and South Ruislip and then the prime minister.

Here's a look back at his political career.

Tia and other Year 12 students will be taking mock exams in the school hall on Wednesday, when teachers are going on strike

In the Sixth Form study room, Tia is twizzling a pink fluffy pen around in her hand. She is nervous about her mock IT exam next week.

"This is my one practice, and then I've got the real one," she says.

On Wednesday, she will be among the only pupils attending Wales High School in Rotherham, which is due to close because of a staff walk-out over pay.

The decision to close has been "horrible", says head teacher Pepe DiIasio. Only Year 12s taking mock exams, vulnerable pupils, and the children of critical workers will be expected in.

"Students have missed an awful lot of time in the last three years, and we don't want them to miss any more," he says.

Pepe DiIasio says he has heard the strikes described as "10 years in the making" because of teachers' pay and conditions

Pepe's office, a short walk and a few flights of stairs from the study room, is the HQ of this hub of 1,900 pupils. He has been busy preparing for Wednesday - sending letters to parents, making sure those who have children on free school meals get funds for lunches, and allocating laptops to children who need them for online learning.

Some parents have criticised school closures on social media, arguing that families are fined if they keep their children out of school - but Pepe hasn't had any complaints like that.

Planning ahead is tricky because members of the National Education Union (NEU), which is co-ordinating the strike in England and Wales, don't have to tell their heads whether they will take part.

As the former president of the Association of School and College Leaders, Pepe is well aware of this. However, about 30 members of staff have told him that they won't be at work, and he estimates the total number could be more than 50.

"One of the gifts of Covid is that we're fully prepared for this sort of situation, and what we can do is move into a remote curriculum virtually straight away," he says.

Teachers on strike also don't have to set work to cover strike days. Here, it is up to senior leaders like assistant head teacher Hannah Feerick to prepare work for pupils to do at home.

"They'll just follow their timetable as they would do on a normal Wednesday," she says. "So if they have Maths first thing, then they'll do the Maths work for the first hour."

The school library will serve as a temporary classroom for pupils who are coming in - but Hannah won't know how many this will be until the morning itself.

Hannah Feerick will be supervising pupils in the school library.

She hopes lessons can be learnt for further NEU strikes in February and March.

"Hopefully if we get something that works for everybody, then we can just pick that up and reapply it."

Downstairs in the science technician rooms, the chorus of "Nothing's Gonna Stop Us Now" is blasting out from a radio tucked behind a row of plants. This part of the school is a retreat for Jo Smethurst, the science resource manager, who spends much of her day marching between labs and checking the step count on her leopard-print smart watch.

Jo is not a member of teaching staff and won't be on strike, but she may not be able to work because of her own childcare issues. She says it has been "stressful" checking every morning for an email from her son's primary school about whether or not it will be closing.

"I'm trying to look around to see if I can get grandparents so I can get some childcare for that day. Or I will have to have the day off, or his dad will have to have the day off," she says - which could hit their income, as he is self-employed.

Managing the science technicians is among Jo Smethurst's jobs at Wales High School.

Despite her childcare jigsaw, she is broadly in agreement with the teaching staff going on strike, because of the rising cost of living.

"Fuel, gas, electricity - everything's going up," she says. "We want our wages to go up and teachers want their wages to go up."

Around the corner from Pepe's office, with a green pen in hand, Ross Napier is rattling through a pile of Year 13 Economics essays.

Ross represents NEU members in the school, and plans to strike on Wednesday. He left industry in the mid-1990s to teach because it was an "attractive profession", he says - but that has changed because of the "erosion of pay".

His partner is also a teacher, and they lived "happily on one-and-a-half salaries" for 12 years, while she worked reduced hours after having children. Then she went back full-time.

"We're worse off now in real terms than we were when my partner was working part-time," he says.

Ross Napier will be taking part in an NEU rally in Sheffield

Ross DJs at the weekends - house music, mostly - to help pay their bills and mortgage.

"The extra income allows me to stay in teaching when so many leave," he says. "I love the job."

Ross says he hasn't picked up on much chatter about the strikes among his non-NEU colleagues because "most teachers don't really have the time to go into the staff room". Last summer he had to give up a role as head of house, because he didn't have the time during the working week.

Most of his students will be taking exams this year, so for him, striking is a "massive decision to make", but he adds: "One day of strike isn't nearly as big an impact as the last 12 years of cuts."

Schools Minister Nick Gibb has told the BBC that the government is concerned about agreeing pay rises in line with inflation, which he said would mean embedding inflation into the economy.

The Department for Education, which has been in talks with teaching unions over pay, has advised that schools remain open for "as many pupils as possible" - and the picture will vary across schools in England and Wales. Strikes have already been taking place in Scotland, and teachers will walk out for half a day in Northern Ireland on 21 February.

Back in the study room, Year 12 student Oliver says he is happy that his geography mock is going ahead on Wednesday.

Tia and Oliver, both 16, were in Year 9 during the first Covid lockdown

"I've prepared and revised," he says. "If I'm expecting an exam next week, and it's the week after, it's another week that I've got to revise."

But for his brother, who is in Year 10, the strike day will mean a day back to learning at home - reminding him of learning during Covid.

"The further disruption is a bit worrying," says Tia. "At the same time, I feel like I need to support my teachers, because they are doing it for a good reason."

Have you been affected by issues covered in this story? Get in touch by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Violence broke out on the sidelines of the G7 summit in Hiroshima as riot police wrestled people protesting the meeting of world leaders.

Police could be seen pinning protesters to the ground on Sunday after a brawl broke out.

The demonstration was organised by various far-left groups. Those who took part included the extremist group Revolutionary Communist League National Committee, which denounces the G7 summit as a conference of "imperialism for nuclear war".

The G7 comprises the US, UK, Canada, France, Germany, Italy and Japan – and eight other nations have been invited this year. They're meeting to discuss the war in Ukraine and other foreign policy points - including their relationships with China.

Elizabeth and Ethan John were both found unresponsive with significant injuries

Two children who were killed inside a house in Stoke-on-Trent have been named.

Ethan John, 11, and his sister Elizabeth, seven, were both found unresponsive with significant injuries.

A woman who was known to the siblings was arrested on suspicion of murder.

Police discovered the children when they went to the house in Flax Street after first being called to the stabbing of a man at a car wash nearby.

The suspect, 49, was arrested in connection with the stabbing and then on suspicion of murder. She remains in custody and is being questioned.

The children's schools paid tribute to their pupils, saying Ethan had an "infectious smile" and Elizabeth was a "ray of sunshine".

"Ethan was a wonderful member of our school community. He had impeccable manners and an infectious smile," a statement said.

"He will be hugely missed by the staff and pupils alike and will forever be part of our hearts."

Elizabeth's school said she was "a kind, caring and friendly member of our school family".

"She was a ray of sunshine who always had a smile on her face. She was everyone's friend - she was both bright and popular," a statement said.

"The loss of Elizabeth is truly devastating for us all and her absence will leave a huge hole within our school community."

The children were found fatally injured at an address on Flax Street

The stabbed man, in his 40s, was treated in hospital but has since been discharged.

Det Ch Insp Cheryl Hannan said: "We are solely focussed on finding out what happened to these two children and supporting those affected by this deeply traumatic incident.

"I cannot begin to imagine the pain and suffering felt by the family and friends of these two children at this time."

Specially-trained officers are supporting "those closest to the children whilst we find out more about what happened yesterday afternoon", she added.

Neighbours said they were heartbroken at hearing the news.

A neighbour near the scene said she burst into tears when she found out the news

Jade Halket said: "It's scary with it being so close, I have two young kids myself, I find it devastating. It's awful."

Another resident told the BBC: "I can't put it into words, I'm absolutely gutted.

"[The children] haven't even seen a life yet. We started crying when we found out, it's just not fair," she said.

Officers have appealed to anyone with CCTV or dashcam footage from the area of Flax Street and Campbell Road between 13:30 and 14:30 BST or to hear those who were in the area at the time.

Follow BBC West Midlands on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: newsonline.westmidlands@bbc.co.uk
• None Murder arrest as children, 11 and 7, die at home

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The judge said the case against Alex McCrory should be dismissed

One of Northern Ireland's longest running terrorism trials is set to continue - although a judge has ruled one of the accused should be acquitted.

Colin Duffy, Henry Fitzsimons and Alex McCrory were allegedly recorded by MI5 in Lurgan Park after a gun attack on a police patrol in north Belfast in 2013.

In a ruling related to transcripts of the tapes, Mr Justice O'Hara said the case against Mr McCrory should be dismissed.

The case against the other men goes on.

A prosecution lawyer told Belfast Crown Court it will now consider appealing the ruling in favour of Mr McCrory.

The three men have all denied charges of preparing and directing terrorism and IRA membership.

Colin Duffy is accused of directing and belonging to an IRA grouping, and attempting to murder members of the PSNI

Mr Fitzsimons, 55, from Dunmore Mews in Belfast and Mr McCrory, 61, from Sliabh Dubh View in the city, also denied attempting to murder police officers.

The court had previously heard that 14 audio and video devices were used to secretly record alleged meetings involving the men following the dissident republican attack in Ardoyne.

The recordings allegedly capture them discussing the attack.

Friday's hearing followed a previous ruling made in September 2022 when Mr Justice O'Hara excluded a portion of the Crown's evidence related to transcripts of the recordings.

Lawyers for all three men subsequently sought to have the case thrown out over the transcripts, which the police had provided to voice analysts who gave evidence for the prosecution.

The transcripts had indicated who was allegedly speaking.

Mr Justice O'Hara said Mr Fitzsimons and Mr Duffy, whose address in court papers is HMP Maghaberry, still had cases to answer based on other evidence.

However, he went on to state that the exclusion of the attribution aspect of the transcripts has had "a fatal effect" on the prosecution case against Mr McCrory and he therefore found him not guilty of all charges.

A prosecution lawyer said he wanted time to consider whether to appeal and that "the ruling is to have no effect" until then.

The judge agreed to adjourn the case until 28 April.

The non-jury trial began four years ago and has been adjourned on multiple previous occasions.

The count for the Hilton ward was abandoned

A local election count was abandoned while votes were being tallied after one of the candidates died.

Gillian Lemmon, 52, was a Conservative hopeful in the Hilton ward for South Derbyshire District Council.

She died at about 12:45 BST after sudden health difficulties, the Local Democracy Reporting Service (LDRS) said.

Returning officer Ardip Sandhu said a by-election would now take place for all three vacant positions in the ward.

Had Ms Lemmon died after the result was declared, there would only have been a by-election for her seat, not all three.

It is unclear whether Ms Lemmon - who was elected to the council in May 2021 - was at the count when she was taken ill.

Heather Wheeler, Conservative MP for South Derbyshire, said it was a "tragic day".

All three Hilton seats have been left vacant by the development, with residents in the meantime having to approach other council representatives with any concerns, including their county councillor, according to the LDRS.

Before the election, the three Hilton seats were all held by the Conservatives.

It will not affect the overall outcome of the authority's elections, with Labour now holding 29 seats.

But it leaves the South Derbyshire Conservatives group leader, Peter Smith, who was seeking re-election, off the council.

"It is a really sad day for everyone in the council, especially for those in our group, to report the sad passing of councillor Gillian Lemmon," Mr Smith said.

"Gillian was hardworking, dedicated and committed and represented everyone that elected her and everyone in the parish."

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

For Ukraine, the answer is obvious. Yes, because once it is inside the protective shelter of the Western alliance then any future attacks by Russia would oblige the whole of Nato to come to its defence - with troops, not just equipment.

The former US Army Commander in Europe, Lt.Gen Ben Hodges, told the BBC: "Europe will be safer with Ukraine in Nato. Russia won’t attack Ukraine once it’s in Nato".

He said the coming Nato summit in Vilnius would be a huge failure of credibility if there was no clear message about the inevitability of Ukraine joining Nato.

But on the other side of the argument, this would raise the stakes dramatically. What if Ukraine’s future Nato membership failed to deter Russian aggression and conflict erupted on its borders?

That would mean Nato was then at war with Russia, with all the accompanying risks of nuclear escalation.

Russian nationalists, including President Putin, already consider Nato's eastwards expansion to be an intolerable provocation.

It’s hard to predict how Moscow would react to Europe’s second largest nation, and a place some consider to be a part of Russia, joining an alliance that it now views as an implacable enemy.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Judy Thomas: "We were absolutely in the wilderness...we just wanted someone to come alongside"

A mother said she was left "in the wilderness" trying to find out information from tech companies after her daughter took her own life.

The family repeatedly tried to get information and were left "absolutely at a loss," she told the Sunday with Laura Kuenssberg programme.

She and other bereaved families are campaigning for a change in the law.

They want an amendment to the Online Safety Bill, which is going through Parliament, that would allow families and coroners to enlist the support of the regulator Ofcom in helping them legally obtain information from tech companies about the material their children were accessing before they died.

Frankie, who had autism, was found dead at her home in Witley in Surrey in September 2018.

An inquest heard she had taken her own life after spending months viewing graphic content about suicide and self-harm on school laptops and iPads.

Ms Thomas told the programme the family had "no idea why Frankie had taken her own life".

"We wrote online to Instagram. This went on for about a year with no answers."

In an emotional interview she recalled: "We wanted to speak to somebody and just say, would you help us? We were devastated... we just wanted to know."

Ms Thomas added: "We would have really appreciated the platforms coming to the inquest as they were requested to."

Baroness Kidron, the online safety campaigner, is working with the bereaved families in calling for the amendment.

The group - which also includes the father of Molly Russell, who died after viewing suicide content online - has written to the prime minister, justice secretary, and secretary of state for science and technology calling for the law to be changed.

Baroness Kidron said there needed to be "a proper formal route for parents and for coroners to get the kind of information we need to see."

She told the programme the inquest into Frankie's death "opened and closed" without all the information the family needed from the tech firms.

"My inbox is full of bereaved families who want access to data.

"The coroner service has not managed to get that information, families have not managed to get that information.

"It is inhuman, and the sort of distress that is happening all of these years later is unacceptable."

She said the amendment had support across the Lords and the Commons.

The letter sent to the government - and seen by the BBC - says: "We have each lost a child in circumstances relating to the digital world, and we have each struggled to gain information we needed to understand more about their deaths. Sadly, each year, there are hundreds of families who find themselves in similarly distressing circumstances.

"The process of attempting to access data has been inhumane. In some cases, it has taken years, and we have been left in automated loops, speaking to online bots, as though we were contacting lost property."

Lawyers for Molly Russell's father Ian have also written to the government saying there is still, even five years later, information Meta has not provided to them relating to her death.

They say: "Meta for example, never disclosed records of what content was promoted to Molly on Instagram; they disclosed some of the harmful content Molly saved or liked only weeks before the final inquest; and the initial disclosure was provided in a manner wholly inaccessible to Molly's family."

The families will be in Parliament this week pressing their case.

Ms Thomas said in some respects she did "despair" over the situation but added it would be brilliant if the government now took the opportunity to act.

Meta, who owns Instagram - one of the sites accessed by Frankie - apologised to her family for the experience they had when they first contacted them.

A spokesperson for Meta said: "What the Thomas family have been through is devastating and our deepest sympathies are with them and anyone affected by suicide.

"This is a challenging and complex issue, and we must comply with our privacy and data protection obligations. We've been in touch with the family and want to be as helpful as we can during this time."

The inquest in Frankie's death heard she went on a platform called Wattpad where users can write and share stories, with the last piece she read mirroring the method she used to take her own life that afternoon.

Wattpad said it sent a statement to the coroner.

"We were deeply saddened to learn of the heartbreaking case of Frankie Thomas. Our sympathies continue to be with Frankie's family and loved ones," it said.

"Wattpad participated in the coroner's inquest, sending a robust witness statement to the Surrey Coroner's Office on July 7th 2021 as part of the proceeding. Wattpad's focus has been, and continues to be, to create a safe, inclusive, and respectful space for readers and writers online."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Scenes of destruction at al-Shifa hospital in Gaza

Israel's military has pulled out of al-Shifa hospital in Gaza City after a two-week raid that has left most of the major medical complex in ruins.

Gaza's Hamas-run health ministry said dozens of bodies had been found and locals said nearby areas were razed.

The Israel Defense Forces (IDF) said it had killed 200 "terrorists", detained over 500 more and found weapons and intelligence "throughout the hospital".

The IDF said it raided al-Shifa because Hamas had regrouped there.

The two-week operation saw intense fighting and Israeli air strikes in nearby buildings and the surrounding area.

Wards were attacked because Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad operatives were using them as a base, the IDF said, accusing them of fighting inside medical departments, setting off explosives and burning hospital buildings.

Images published following the Israeli withdrawal showed Palestinians walking near the charred main buildings with chunks of wall missing and carrying bodies wrapped in blankets. Graphic photos showed corpses partially exposed on the churned ground.

The health ministry said dozens of bodies, some decomposed, had been found in and around the medical complex, which was now "completely out of service".

A doctor told AFP news agency more than 20 bodies had been recovered, some crushed by withdrawing vehicles.

Palestinians say numerous bodies were found after Israeli forces withdrew

A spokesperson for Gaza's Hamas-run civil emergency service said Israeli forces had used bulldozers to dig up the grounds of the complex and exhume buried bodies.

The Hamas government media office said Israeli forces had killed 400 Palestinians in al-Shifa and the surrounding area, including a female doctor and her son, who was also a doctor.

In an update, IDF Spokesperson Rear Adm Daniel Hagari said the IDF had taken "special efforts not to harm any patients, any medical staff, or any civilians in the area.

"Patients who remained in the compound were provided with medical supplies and water."

He added that 200 people he described as "terrorists" had been killed. Over 900 people were detained, of whom more than 500 were, he said, subsequently found to be affiliated with Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad - which Israel, the UK and other countries proscribe as terrorist organisations. Interrogation of the suspects had yielded "significant intelligence", he added.

Earlier, the IDF said "forces found large quantities of weapons, intelligence documents throughout the hospital, encountered terrorists in close-quarters battles and engaged in combat while avoiding harm to the medical staff and patients".

The World Health Organization (WHO) said on Sunday night that 21 patients had died, with patients moved a number of times and held without medical care.

Dr Amira al-Safady at al-Shifa told the BBC's Gaza Lifeline radio that about 16 people who were in the intensive care unit died after being moved, because she and other doctors no longer had the equipment to treat them.

Three days later, troops told medical staff to bury them outside, she said.

The IDF has been asked for comment. It says troops set up temporary infrastructure for medical treatment at al-Shifa, with video showing troops setting up a small number of beds.

The hospital - previously Gaza's biggest - is completely out of service, the Hamas-run health ministry says

Patient Barra al-Shawish told Reuters news agency that the Israeli troops had allowed in a "very small amount of food". "No treatment, no medicine, nothing, and bombing for 24 hours that didn't stop and immense destruction in the hospital," he said.

Some of the patients were being moved to al-Ahli hospital, about 3km (1.8 miles) to the south-east, a medic at al-Shifa told Reuters.

Gaza's hospitals have been a main focus of the current war, with thousands of Palestinians seeking shelter from Israeli bombardment in their grounds and Israeli forces storming the facilities because they say Hamas fighters are present there.

Israel has long accused Hamas of using civilian health infrastructure as a cover to launch its operations, which the group denies.

Two weeks ago, it took hundreds of Israeli forces just a few hours to approach and enter the Gaza Strip's largest hospital. That was in marked contrast to their first controversial raid there in November, when it took several weeks for large numbers of tanks and vehicles, backed by heavy air strikes, to close in on the site.

For supporters of the Israeli military, this has been evidence of the gains it has made during the war and its tactical success, launching a surprise attack on the enemy to strike it hard. An IDF spokesman previously referred to the operation as "one of the most successful of the war so far" because of the intelligence gleaned, as well as numbers killed and detained.

Large parts of the neighbourhood surrounding al-Shifa have been flattened

However, some commentators suggest the second al-Shifa raid highlights flaws in Israel's military strategy for the war. They argue that it shows the ease with which Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad fighters were able to regroup after Israel pulled its forces out of northern Gaza and the urgent need to come up with a convincing post-war plan to govern the territory.

On Monday, the Gaza health ministry appealed for international help to restart medical care at Nasser hospital in the southern Gaza city of Khan Younis. The biggest hospital in southern Gaza has been out of action since the Israeli military stormed it in February.

The war began when Hamas fighters stormed into southern Israel on 7 October, killing about 1,200 people and seizing 253 hostages, according to Israeli tallies. About 130 of the hostages remain in captivity, at least 34 of whom are presumed dead.

More than 32,800 Palestinians have been killed and 75,000 injured in Gaza since Israel launched its military campaign, according to the Hamas-run health ministry. It says 70% of those killed were women and children.

President Joe Biden has said a bipartisan deal to raise the US debt ceiling and avert a fast-approaching default is ready to move to Congress.

He said on Sunday the agreement was a "compromise", while Republican House Speaker Kevin McCarthy earlier called it "worthy of the American people".

They must now convince members of Congress to approve it.

The proposed deal is the result of long and bitter negotiations between Democrats and Republicans.

The Treasury had warned the US will run out of money on 5 June without a deal.

The US must borrow money to fund the government because it spends more than it raises in taxes.

Republicans have been seeking spending cuts in areas such as education and other social programmes in exchange for raising the $31.4tn (£25tn) debt limit.

At a brief appearance before reporters on Sunday evening, President Biden said the proposed deal was "a really important step forward".

"It takes a threat of catastrophic default off the table, protects our hard earned and historic economic recovery.

"And the agreement also represents a compromise which means no one got everything they want, but that's the responsibility of governing."

Mr Biden said he believed Mr McCarthy had negotiated in "good faith" and now had the votes for the deal to be backed in Congress.

The proposed deal has now been published on the House website.

It envisages that non-defence government spending would be kept largely flat for two years and then rise by 1% in 2025.

There would be no major changes to Medicaid health insurance, and the proposed agreement fully funds medical care for veterans.

Laws are to be streamlined to speed up approval time for new energy projects - a reform Republicans have been pushing for.

Covid relief funds that have not been spent will be clawed back in the agreement, another demand made by the Republicans.

Certain age changes are proposed for a government programme that provides food-purchasing assistance for people on low or no incomes.

Late on Saturday, news came of a tentative deal - but it took until Sunday for negotiations to continue and the agreement to be finalised.

Mr McCarthy on Saturday said these reforms would lift people out of poverty and into the workforce. He added: "There are no new taxes, no new government programmes."

But he now faces a challenge to push it through the House, where it may be opposed by some diehards among both Republicans and Democrats.

Mr McCarthy said more than 95% of House Republicans were very excited about the deal.

But some have already broken ranks - Republican Chip Roy of Texas said he and some others were going to try to stop it passing.

Republicans control the House by 222 to 213, while Democrats control the Senate by 51 to 49.

A US default would upend the US economy and disrupt global markets.

In the US, the immediate effect would be that the government would quickly run out of funds to pay for welfare benefits and other support programmes, for instance.

Over a long period, the crisis would tip the US economy into recession - and this would result in unemployment rising.

A US recession would have big knock-on effects for many countries around the world, for which the US is a key trading partner - they would not be able to sell to an economy that does not buy as much.

And because the US dollar is the reserve currency of the world, a default would send panic across the world, eventually leading to prices of many commodities rising.

Nearly five million patients each month in England wait more than a fortnight for a GP appointment, NHS figures show, which Labour is calling "unacceptable".

The government says it expects all patients needing a GP appointment to be seen within two weeks.

The Royal College of GPs says 85% of appointments happen within two weeks and nearly half on the same day.

Those taking longer than two weeks may be routine ones for which the wait is therefore appropriate, it says.

Prof Kamila Hawthorne, who chairs the Royal College of GPs, said: "GPs and our teams are working tirelessly to deliver safe, timely and appropriate care and to give patients the choice of appointment they want.

"We share our patients' frustration when they struggle to access our care. However, this is not down to GPs and their hard-working teams, but due to decades of underfunding and poor resource planning."

GPs were delivering more appointments overall than before the pandemic but with fewer full-time fully qualified staff.

There are about 30 million GP appointments each month in England.

Labour shadow health and social care secretary Wes Streeting gave a speech on primary health care on Friday, repeating a party promise to train 7,500 more doctors and 10,000 more nurses a year.

Mr Streeting said: "Patients are finding it impossible to get a GP appointment when they need one, after 13 years of Conservative broken promises and understaffing of the NHS.

"These unacceptable waiting times mean illness will go undiagnosed for longer, while patients are left in pain and discomfort for weeks or even months.

"Labour will fix the front-door to the NHS, starting by doubling medical-school places so we train 7,500 extra doctors and 10,000 more nurses a year."

The Conservative government says it is expanding the primary-care workforce.

A party spokesman defended its record on doctor recruitment, saying: "If Labour were serious about cutting waiting lists, they would have backed our plan to get more doctors into the NHS. Instead, they voted to send doctors into early retirement.

"Labour's latest unfunded scheme to restructure the NHS has been slammed by doctors as 'dangerous' and costing 'a fortune'.

"Meanwhile, in the past 12 months in England, we have recruited over 5,100 more doctors - making it easier to see a GP and helping to cut waiting lists."

The Liberal Democrats, meanwhile, say they would recruit an extra 8,000 GPs to "guarantee people a right to an appointment within one week, so people can get the care they deserve".

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Head teacher Ruth Perry took her own life in January

The school run by a head teacher who took her own life after a critical Ofsted report has been rated as good after a new inspection.

Ruth Perry died in January after being told Caversham Primary School in Berkshire was being downgraded from outstanding to inadequate.

The school was re-inspected after Ms Perry's death, which prompted an outpouring of anger about the system.

Ofsted has defended its one-word grades, which are not being scrapped.

The head teacher's sister Prof Julia Waters said it was a "very bittersweet moment", but confirmed "what anyone who knew Ruth and the school knew all along".

She said one-word grades do not give an accurate reflection of the strengths and weaknesses "of a complex organisation like a school".

Her sister's case showed how it is "terribly, potentially fatally dangerous to try to sum up everything in one word", she told BBC Radio 4's The World Tonight programme.

Her loss has been "absolutely devastating to so many people" she said, adding: "The ripple effect of her death is immeasurable. The harm done by that one word is absolutely immeasurable".

Ofsted inspected the school again in June in line with government guidelines to monitor schools that need to improve - and not as a result of Ms Perry's death.

In their latest report, seen by the BBC, the watchdog said: "The school's work to address previous weaknesses has been swift, thorough and effective."

The primary school was initially inspected in November 2022 and subsequently rated inadequate after concerns were raised over leadership and management.

Ms Perry's family said the inspection process caused her significant distress.

For Caversham Primary school this is a bittersweet moment for staff and parents.

It's just six months since Ruth Perry's suicide left a gaping hole in the school community.

For her colleagues this is recognition of everything they have done.

For her family it raises again the question of whether the stakes of Ofsted inspection have been far too high for headteachers.

MPs are to hold an inquiry in the autumn looking at how the inspection system is working. It won't consider the circumstances around Ruth Perry's death, which will be examined by a coroner.

The new report said useful advice was sought from beyond the school straight after the last inspection.

"In particular, this helped leaders to understand fully the extent of the weaknesses in safeguarding arrangements and prioritise what needed to be done," the report said.

In a statement, the head teacher's sister Ms Waters said staff at the school who had worked with or been trained by Ms Perry had never been anything other than "excellent, caring and professional".

She added: "The reversal of the previous judgement in a matter of a few months illustrates why schools should be given the opportunity to correct any technical weaknesses before the final report is published.

"An inspection should be about helping schools with independent scrutiny, not catching them out and publicly shaming them."

"That Ruth was left feeling suicidal as a result of Ofsted's previous judgement demonstrates, in the most tragic way possible, the intolerably high stakes created by the current inspection system," she added.

An inquest later this year will fully investigate Ms Perry's death, which also prompted a wider debate about whether one-word grades for schools make sense.

In their latest report Ofsted said the arrangements for safeguarding at Caversham Primary School were effective.

"A positive culture of safeguarding now pervades the school," it added.

Last month, Ofsted announced changes to its inspection system.

These included allowing schools that were given an inadequate rating over safeguarding to be re-inspected within three months, giving them a chance to be re-graded if they have addressed concerns.

Ofsted previously said it always strived to make inspections "as positive an experience for school staff as they can be".

MPs have now launched an inquiry into Ofsted's school inspections, looking at how useful they are to parents, governors and schools in England.

Amanda Spielman, the watchdog's chief inspector, previously told the BBC the "whole school accountability system" was built around the one-word judgements.

She acknowledged there were issues around accountability at schools but said scrapping one-word judgements "wouldn't really solve the underlying discomfort".

The Department for Education has also defended one-word inspections.

It said they "succinctly summarise independent evaluations on the quality of education, safeguarding, and leadership which parents greatly rely on to give them confidence in choosing the right school for their child".

It said the government used them to "highlight success, identify schools that need support and to trigger intervention where necessary."

Watch the story of head teacher, Ruth Perry, who took her life after her school's rating was downgraded by Ofsted.

Follow BBC South on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to south.newsonline@bbc.co.uk.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The barge has already attracted sightseers to the cliffs overlooking Portland Port

A barge that will house asylum seekers under government plans to cut the cost of housing has docked in a Dorset port.

Bibby Stockholm berthed in Portland Port on Tuesday and will stay at the site for 18 months, becoming home to 500 single men claiming asylum.

It was met with protests from local residents and human rights groups.

The vessel's arrival came hours after the government's Illegal Migration Bill cleared key hurdles in the House of Lords and is set to become law.

The bill would outlaw asylum claims by all arrivals via the Channel and other "illegal" routes, and transfer them to third countries like Rwanda.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has made cracking down on illegal migration a priority ahead of next year's general election.

It comes as the government said there were currently about 51,000 "destitute migrants" in hotels across the UK, costing the taxpayer in excess of £6m a day.

Many local residents on Portland feared an influx of hundreds of people into the island community would put pressure on local services, such as schools and the NHS. But the government said it was providing "substantial funding to local services including the police and NHS" to support the asylum seekers and "minimise the impact on the community".

Human rights groups branded the barge "inhumane", criticising the conditions in which the migrants will live.

But the government said using vessels as alternative accommodation for asylum seekers would be cheaper than hotels and better value for British taxpayers.

It also stressed the barge would be basic but functional, meeting all the relevant safety standards.

The 222-room, three-storey barge will house adult males, aged from 18 to 65, who are in the latter stages of their asylum applications.

Human rights groups say the barge is not suitable for 500 people

Dozens of protestors gathered outside Portland Port from dawn on Tuesday, waiting for the Bibby Stockholm to make its final manoeuvre into the port.

One of them told the BBC the deal between Portland Port and the Home Office to dock the barge in the Dorset port was "nothing to do about anything other than money".

"They are audaciously negligent," the protestor said, adding: "Audacious - because they have done this deal without any consultation or any thought of any potential fallout."

Other organisations, such as Stand Up to Racism, also joined Tuesday's protests, while many local residents voiced their anger over how the decision was taken.

The first 50 asylum seekers are expected to go aboard in the next few days, while the barge is set to reach its full capacity in the coming weeks.

Dorset Council previously said Portland Port was not the right location for the barge

The asylum seekers are expected to live on the vessel for about three to six months while their claims are dealt with. They will not be officially detained and there will be no curfew but security staff will be at the site.

The government said all the barge residents had undergone "robust security checks", including checks against domestic and international databases. They have also had their fingerprints and identities recorded.

While the government said it needed to reduce the cost of housing asylum seekers, shadow home secretary Labour Yvette Cooper described the use of barges as "a sign of the Conservatives' total failure to clear the asylum backlog".

The Conservative MP for Dorset South, Richard Drax, said he had "a lot of sympathy with the government" as migrants continue to cross the English Channel.

"But putting them on a barge is not the answer," he added.

The asylum seekers are expected to live on the vessel for about three to six months

Bibby Stockholm was previously used to house homeless people and asylum seekers in Germany and the Netherlands. It has been refurbished since it was criticised as an "oppressive environment" when the Dutch government used it.

The vessel now has en-suite rooms, a TV and games room and a gym, according to a fact sheet from its owner, Bibby Maritime.

Portland Port previously said providing berthing space for the barge was "the right thing to do".

It added the plan would allow Dorset to "play its part in the national effort to house some of the thousands of asylum seekers needing accommodation".

It stressed it had provided a range of information for local people, councils and groups, but said it had been unable to disclose information earlier due to the confidential nature of negotiations with the government.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The Home Office said its plans for "alternative accommodation" - which also include former military bases - was clearly cheaper than the cost of hotels.

However, the full costs of the barge have not been disclosed, with refugee campaign group Reclaim The Sea claiming the Bibby Stockholm would cost more than hotels.

The Home Office said it would "continue to work extremely closely with local councils and key partners to prepare for arrival of asylum seekers later this month and minimise disruption for local residents including through substantial financial support".

Dorset Council will receive £1.7m over the duration of the vessel's stay in the port. The council has also received a one-off grant of almost £380,000.

Follow BBC South on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to south.newsonline@bbc.co.uk.

Darren Nesbit, editor of the Light, defended calls in his paper to use force against "aggressors"

A UK conspiracy theory newspaper sharing calls for trials and executions of politicians and doctors has links with the British far-right and a German publication connected to a failed coup attempt, the BBC can reveal.

The Light, which prints at least 100,000 copies a month and has more than 18,000 followers on the social media site Telegram, grew to be a focal point of the UK conspiracy theory movement with its anti-vaccine, anti-lockdown stance during the pandemic.

In its pages and on its corresponding Telegram channels, the Light has shared hateful and violent rhetoric towards journalists, medics and MPs, as well as platforming far-right figures accused of antisemitism.

The paper is handed out free by volunteers in dozens of towns across the country, where local leaders have accused it of inflaming division and harassment with false and misleading claims about vaccines, the financial system and climate change, amid other more mundane articles on local politics, health and wellness.

Articles and content shared by the Light have called for the government, doctors, nurses and journalists to be punished for "crimes against humanity" in war crime-style trials sometimes called "Nuremberg 2.0" - referring to the execution of Nazi Party members after World War Two.

Recent articles declare "It's just a matter of time before these worst perpetrators of war crimes are facing trial" like in "November 1945" and "MPs, doctors and nurses can be hanged".

Other posts shared by the Light on Telegram have featured cartoons of gallows and included work addresses of "liable people to be held to account" for taking part in sinister plots to harm people with vaccines - plots for which there is no evidence.

On Telegram, the paper has also shared and endorsed content from UK far-right groups including Patriotic Alternative, promoting rallies and posts talking about the "replacement" of white people and asking people to "#GetInvolved".

It has also shared posts from an extreme group called Alpha Men Assemble offering military-style training to anti-vaccine activists. They say "it's time we show them who rules this country".

Darren Nesbit, editor of the Light, defended calls in his paper to use force against "aggressors" in power, telling the BBC it would be a matter of "self-defence" in circumstances such as the government ordering another lockdown or what he described as forced evacuations.

Bundles of copies of the Light were piled up at the protest in Totnes, Devon

He says he isn't in charge of the Light's Telegram channels, although acknowledges they are directly linked to the paper. Posts are sometimes signed off by the "Light Paper Team" and sometimes with his name.

Mr Nesbit says he speaks to the editor of the conspiracy theory newspaper in Germany, Demokratischer Widerstand (Democratic Resistance) - which is connected to a failed coup attempt in the country - "two or three times a year". He has published content endorsing the publication.

The German paper refers to the Light as its "partner" paper and its "colleagues" at the British publication, describing how they're "internationally connected".

Referring to concerns about the wider conspiracy theory movement more generally, the UK's Head of Counter Terrorism Policing Matt Jukes has told the BBC they are currently "seeing evidence of conspiracy theories being interwoven with extremism" and that this "connection is very much on our radar and in our sights as investigators".

Set up in 2020 as a print publication, the Light is distributed in about 30 places across the UK such as Brighton, Thetford, Stroud, Plymouth, Oxford, Bristol, Manchester and Glastonbury. Local conspiracy theory groups place bulk orders and distribute them on the streets for free.

In the Devon town of Totnes, a motivated minority have been distributing the Light for the past two years. Its former town Mayor Ben Piper says he first became a key target of the conspiracy theory movement there because of his role enforcing coronavirus restrictions.

Former mayor of Totnes Ben Piper says "aggression" in articles about him inflamed harassment over Covid restrictions

He fears an article about him in the Light exacerbated the harassment he experienced - from abuse in the street, to sinister phone calls, to someone driving a car at him.

"There was an aggression that bled through the editorial that was not as innocent as it was making out to be," he says.

The Light's editor, Darren Nesbit, is based near Manchester. He agreed to speak to me, only on the condition that he can ask me questions and record the interview too.

For him, everything from financial turmoil to climate change and 9/11 terror attacks in the US are part of a plan by governments to control and harm our lives. He thinks the pandemic was just one step towards doing that.

The paper has featured an article by a blogger called Lasha Darkmoon, saying that people should be able to question the Holocaust. And another article recommended a book by white supremacist Eustace Mullins - author of The Biological Jew and Adolf Hitler: An Appreciation. Mullins is referred to in the Light as a "renowned" author.

"If they write good articles on topics that are useful topics that are interesting to people, then we should [feature them] at the end of the day," Mr Nesbit says. He reiterates again and again that "people should be adults and make their own decisions".

"My aim is not to do anything else apart from get to the truth and then obviously let other people have a bash at seeing that information as well."

The Light directly defended a UK-based radio host called Graham Hart over antisemitic remarks he made on his show referring to Jewish people as "filth" and like "rats", suggesting "they deserve to be wiped out". He was sentenced to 32 months in prison for making the remarks.

Darren Nesbit defends the paper's right to publish opinions associated with the far right

While Mr Nesbit says those comments were "pretty harsh", he maintains that the paper defends the radio host's "right to say it".

I ask him whether he thinks calls for action in the paper could result in action that's not peaceful.

He replies, "Of course, people can make their own decisions, and they need to be responsible for their own actions."

He tells me that the paper doesn't "actually necessarily call for action". But, Mr Nesbit also says, "People should not be passive and just let the world change around them because there is, you know, an agenda and a purpose behind it."

I directly ask him, "Why don't you say there's no place for violence in our movement?"

He replies, "Because I might be wrong."

Throughout the interview, Mr Nesbit condemns violent action - and then gives cryptic answers, which seem to contradict that.

Telegram has not responded to the BBC's request for comment about why it has allowed the Light and other conspiracy theory papers to share violent and hateful rhetoric.

Research carried out by King's College London backs up the idea that calls to action endorsed by conspiracy theory media like the Light could be affecting attitudes.

A survey, commissioned by the BBC, suggested that an average of 61.5% of people - who said they would have attended rallies linked to common conspiracy theories, such as anti-vaccine beliefs - think violence could be justified at protests. They were more likely to think this if they read conspiracy theory media including the Light.

"Built within these theories [are] inherent demands to do something, to take direct action," says research team member Dr Rod Dacombe, who has studied the Light.

"We shouldn't get away from [how] this occasionally moves into either violence or some sort of violent right action. Not everybody who goes to a protest is going to be brought in by this. Most people won't, right? But some people will."

Markus Haintz, who used to write for the German paper linked to the Light, says its editor is an "extremist"

As well as links with the German paper Demokratischer Widerstand, The Light has related papers in Ireland, Canada and Australia.

Two whistleblowers spoke to the BBC over concerns about how radical they say the German paper has become.

They say some of the Demokratischer Widerstand's writers and a key donor to the paper met the Reichsburger group behind a failed coup attempt in Germany in December 2022.

One of the whistleblowers, lawyer Markus Haintz, who stopped writing for the paper in 2022, says the editor, Anselm Lenz, is an "extremist" which he defines as someone who "brings people in a position where they at least could think about getting violent".

Mr Haintz also says members of the wider conspiracy theory movement in Germany have been offered money by Kremlin-linked figures to push disinformation.

The other, Martin Le Jeune, who stopped writing for the paper in 2021 says it is creating a "hateful and divided" atmosphere, where "somebody who could be emotional or psychologically unstable could be triggered to do something terrible".

The editor of the German conspiracy paper, Mr Lenz, did not reply directly to any of the points raised by the BBC. He called me "a highly paid Nato and BBC Propagandist'' and said I was a threat to him and his family. He also accused me of slander of "our friends of the great English democratic movement".

"If needed, we are willing to take the fight by all means," he wrote.

What happened to the people who fell down the rabbit hole into a world of conspiracy theories during the pandemic?

Listen to the podcast Marianna in Conspiracyland on BBC Sounds and on BBC Radio 4.

And click to watch Conspiracyland: UK? on iPlayer (UK only)

US President Joe Biden has praised Northern Ireland's young people, saying they are at the "cutting edge" of its future during his visit to Belfast.

Earlier he met Prime Minister Rishi Sunak before briefly speaking to some of Stormont's political party leaders.

He is on a four-day visit to Ireland to mark 25 years since the Good Friday peace agreement, which ended decades of violent conflict in Northern Ireland.

He hailed the "tremendous progress" since the deal was signed in 1998.

"This place is transformed by peace; made technicolour by peace; made whole by peace," he said.

He hailed Northern Ireland as a "churn of creativity", having produced some of the world's most popular films and TV series over the past decade, and said that major economic opportunities for the region were "just beginning".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: James Martin, star of Oscar-winning Northern Ireland film An Irish Goodbye, is mentioned in Joe Biden's speech

President Biden was speaking as he opened the new Ulster University campus in Belfast, his only official engagement in Northern Ireland.

His visit comes at a time when Northern Ireland's power-sharing government at Stormont is not functioning.

It collapsed last year when the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) - one of the biggest parties - pulled out as part of a protest against post-Brexit trade rules for Northern Ireland.

Mr Biden urged politicians to make a return to governing but praised them for their unity after the attempted murder of one of Northern Ireland's top detectives in February.

John Caldwell was shot several times by two gunmen in Omagh, County Tyrone.

During his speech, the president said: "Northern Ireland will not go back [to violence]."

Mr Sunak visited Mr Caldwell and his family at a hospital on Wednesday afternoon.

Before briefly meeting the political leaders, Mr Biden was asked what he would say to them - he answered: "I'm going to listen."

After leaving Belfast early on Wednesday afternoon, he flew on Air Force One the Republic of Ireland where he is continuing his tour of the island.

He is to due to meet the Irish President Michael D Higgins and speak to politicians at the Oireachtas (Irish parliament) on Thursday and will meet some of his Irish relatives in County Mayo on Friday.

His sister Valerie and his son Hunter have joined him for the Ireland trip.

President Biden managed to deliver a speech that hit all the right notes with the invited audience.

As he left the stage he was swamped by people armed with their phones for a selfie.

His speech was pitched at reminding people what is at stake - peace, said Mr Biden, cannot be taken for granted.

He reminded those in the room about the risks taken 25 years ago by the architects of the Good Friday Agreement.

Democracy in Northern Ireland needs champions now to do the same, he added.

While he didn't namecheck the DUP it was clear to whom he was directing those comments about getting Stormont back up and running.

Before Mr Biden's address in Belfast, US Special Envoy Joe Kennedy spoke about the significance of American investment in Northern Ireland.

"Some of the biggest companies in the world have set up shop here and now entrepreneurs with dreams to outcompete them are following," he said.

"I look forward to drawing on your energy and your ideas and to making sure that we bring prosperity to all corners of Northern Ireland."

After listening to Mr Biden's speech at the university, Michelle O'Neill, the vice-president of Sinn Féin, the largest party at Stormont, said the message was "one of hope and opportunity".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson said he did not get a sense that the president was urging his party to do more to restore power-sharing during their brief private discussion.

"Like all of us, he wants to see the political institutions up and running again but we are very clear that can only happen when we have got the solid foundations that we need," he added.

Alliance Party leader Naomi Long described President Biden's speech as "positive, balanced, optimistic and hopeful for the future".

Doug Beattie, the Ulster Unionist Party leader, said the meeting with Mr Biden was a fleeting "grip and grin" engagement.

SDLP leader Colum Eastwood described his conversation with the president as "positive".

Mr Biden arrived in Belfast city centre on Tuesday night, having been greeted by Mr Sunak as he stepped off Air Force One at Belfast International Airport.

Rishi Sunak and Joe Biden met on the 23rd floor of the Grand Central Hotel on Wednesday morning

The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) said the huge security plan put in place for the presidential visit was its biggest for years.

Some 2,900 officers were deployed as part of the £7m operation.

But the PSNI is investigating a security breach after a document that appears to give details of the operation was found on a street in the city by a member of the public.

BBC Radio Ulster's The Nolan Show was shown the document, which is marked: "PSNI and sensitive."

It names police officers who were in charge of the area around the hotel in which Mr Biden had stayed.

"We take the safety of visiting dignitaries, members of the public and our officers and staff extremely seriously," said the PSNI.

Joe Biden is visiting the locations marked on this map during his four days in Ireland

Declan Harvey and Tara Mills explore the text of the Good Friday Agreement - the deal which heralded the end of the Troubles in Northern Ireland.

They look at what the agreement actually said and hear from some of the people who helped get the deal across the line.

Listen to all episodes of Year '98: The Making of the Good Friday Agreement on BBC Sounds.

French President Emmanuel Macron giving a speech earlier this year where he shared his wishes to elite athletes ahead of the Games

Russia is running a disinformation campaign to undermine the Paris Olympics, according to French President Emmanuel Macron.

At the inauguration of a new Olympic swimming centre, reporters asked if he thought Russia was targeting the Games.

"Without a doubt," he said, "including in the field of information.

"Every day (Russia) is putting out stories saying that we are unable to do this or that, so (the Games) would be at risk."

The French government says Russia has recently stepped up propaganda attacks on France, using fake accounts on social media to spread rumours and disinformation.

It follows Mr Macron's switch to a more hard-line policy on the Ukraine war, to which he no longer refuses to rule out eventually sending French troops on the side of Kyiv.

France believes Russian intelligence was behind the daubing of Israeli Stars of David on Paris walls after the October 7 Hamas attacks, in what was interpreted as a bid to stir up divisions in France.

A network of Russian-created websites named Portal Kombat is accused of spreading made-up stories, such as claims that French mercenaries are already serving in Ukraine, or that Mr Macron cancelled a trip to Kyiv because of fears of an assassination attempt.

President Macron and other officials watch synchronised swimmers at the inauguration of the Olympic Aquatics Centre

After the Crocus City Hall terrorist attack near Moscow, the French and Russian defence ministers had a rare telephone exchange on Wednesday.

According to Mr Macron, this was because France had intelligence information that could help the Russians know more about the alleged attackers, from the Afghan section of the Islamic State group.

In his account of their conversation, French Defence Minister Sebastien Lecornu said he told his counterpart Sergei Shoigu that France was concerned about Russian claims that Kyiv was behind the Crocus City Hall attack - claims for which France said there was no evidence.

But in his account of the phone call, Mr Shoigu said: "The Kyiv regime does nothing without the approval of its western minders. We hope that in the case (of the Crocus City Hall attack) the French secret services are not involved."

Asked about Mr Shoigu's remarks on Thursday, Mr Macron said they were "bizarre and menacing … ridiculous."

The president confirmed for the first time that there are alternative plans for the Olympics opening ceremony in July, if the terrorist threat worsens.

Currently the 26 July ceremony is supposed to take place on boats in the river Seine, with more than 300,000 people watching from the quays. However experts have warned that the occasion is highly vulnerable to terrorist attack.

"We will be ready," Mr Macron said. "We are preparing several scenarios. If the threat were to evolve, if we considered that circumstances made it necessary, we have back-up scenarios."

Mr Macron also lent his support to the popular French-Malian singer Aya Nakamura, whose name has been mentioned as a possible performer at the opening ceremony. Critics on the hard-right of French politics say she would not be a good ambassador because the language of her songs is often crude and difficult to understand.

"She speaks to a good number of our fellow citizens and I believe she has every right to be at the opening or closing ceremonies of the Games," the president said.

In June Nadine Dorries said she would resign her Mid Bedfordshire seat with "immediate effect"

Nadine Dorries has been referred to the Conservative chief whip by the UK's top civil servant over claims she sent "forceful" messages to officials.

The Mid Bedfordshire MP announced she would be standing down as an MP just before former PM Boris Johnson's resignation honours list was unveiled.

Ms Dorries has accused Rishi Sunak's team of denying her a peerage.

Simon Case said he had flagged messages from Ms Dorries to the Commons Speaker and Tory chief whip.

Chief whips oversee discipline in political parties, while the Speaker presides over the House of Commons.

Tory MP and public administration committee chairman William Wragg, a frequent critic of Mr Johnson, asked Cabinet Secretary Mr Case if he was aware of "any rather forceful communications" sent by Ms Dorries "to senior civil servants".

Mr Wragg suggested Ms Dorries had threatened to use "the platform of the Commons and indeed her own television programme to get to the bottom of why she hadn't been given a peerage".

Mr Case said: "Yes, I was aware of those communications and have flagged them to both the chief whip and Speaker of the House."

Asked if he had taken legal advice on whether the Honours (Prevention of Abuses) Act 1925 could "come into play", Mr Case said he was "seeking further advice". The Act bans the sale of peerages or any other honours, such as knighthoods.

Ms Dorries initially announced she was standing down as an MP with "immediate effect", but later said she will not resign until she gets more information on why she was denied a peerage.

She has put in Subject Access Requests to get all correspondence between the House of Lords Appointments Commission (HOLAC), Cabinet Secretary and the Cabinet Office.

Subject Access Requests allow an individual to receive a copy of all their personal data held by a government department. The right of access to personal data does not apply to data processed for the honours system, under the Data Protection Act 2018.

While Ms Dorries remains a member of Parliament, she can turn up in the House of Commons chamber to make her views known.

The Conservatives - who are trailing Labour in national polls - are facing three by-elections before Parliament's summer recess.

But if Ms Dorries keeps her party waiting to resign and bring about a further by-election, she could force them into a potentially divisive contest later on - for example, ahead of the autumn party conference season.

The Liberal Democrats called on the prime minister to withdraw the Tory whip from Ms Dorries - meaning she would no longer be a Conservative MP - while the claims are investigated.

Daisy Cooper, the Lib Dem deputy leader, said: "These allegations are staggering and it's crucial a swift investigation takes place into whether Nadine Dorries may have broken the law."

It comes as it was confirmed that the Ms Dorries has written a book titled The Plot: The Political Assassination Of Boris Johnson. It will be published days before the Tory Party conference in September.

A picture of the late Queen surrounded by some of her grandchildren and great-grandchildren has been released on what would have been her 97th birthday.

The Princess of Wales took the photograph during a family trip to Balmoral last summer.

It shows the smiling young royals - including Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis - sitting or standing next to their "Gan Gan".

Queen Elizabeth died on 8 September last year at Balmoral Castle.

As well as the Prince and Princess of Wales's three children, the Queen is joined in the photograph by Zara and Mike Tindall's children Mia, Lucas and Lena, as well as Savannah and Isla Phillips - the children of Peter Phillips and Autumn Kelly.

Standing at the back are the Queen's grandchildren Lady Louise Mountbatten-Windsor and James, Earl of Wessex, the son and daughter of the now Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh.

The Royal Family also shared a picture of the Queen taken during an engagement, with a message saying: "Today we remember the incredible life and legacy of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II, on what would have been her 97th birthday."

The Queen waving to the crowds next to Charles, who is now King, during the Platinum Jubilee

The Queen's actual birthday in April was celebrated privately with family - with the military mounting gun salutes in Royal Parks and castles across the UK.

The monarch also has an official birthday in June each year when the annual military parade Trooping the Colour is held in central London's Horse Guards Parade.

In her latter years the Queen was represented at the ceremony by her children before she appeared on the balcony of Buckingham Palace to see a flypast by the Royal Air Force and to acknowledge well-wishers who had gathered outside.

Read the latest from our royal correspondent Sean Coughlan - sign up here.

Last updated on .From the section Women's Football

Coverage: Live on BBC TV, BBC iPlayer, BBC Radio 5 Live, BBC Sounds and the BBC Sport website & app.

The waiting is almost over. The biggest Fifa Women's World Cup - featuring European champions England and debutants the Republic of Ireland - will finally get under way on Thursday.

Australia and New Zealand are co-hosting the ninth edition, which for the first time will feature 32 nations including defending world champions the United States.

It is the first Women's World Cup with two co-hosts.

New Zealand launch the tournament against Norway at Eden Park (08:00 BST kick-off) before Australia play the Republic of Ireland at Stadium Australia, Sydney, on the same day (11:00 kick-off).

But what should have been a day of celebration of women's sport was overshadowed by an early morning shooting in Auckland, which left two people plus the gunman dead, and six others injured.

Supporters getting ready to head to a fan park near the waterfront, which was close to the incident, expressed their shock and sadness at the news.

Fifa said the tournament would proceed as normal and organisers hope the opening two games will attract an aggregate crowd of 100,000 fans.

It is on course to be the most-watched Women's World Cup, with more than 1.3 million tickets bought in advance for the 64 matches at 10 venues across nine cities.

Organisers are targeting a record two billion television viewers for the 2023 edition, a figure that would double the audience that watched the 2019 World Cup in France.

"The future is women. Thanks to the fans for supporting what will be the greatest Fifa Women's World Cup ever," said Fifa president Gianni Infantino.

As well as the Republic of Ireland, seven other nations are making their debuts at this World Cup - Vietnam, Zambia, Haiti, Morocco, Panama, the Philippines and Portugal.

While the United States - who are chasing a fifth world title - are the number one side in the world, Zambia lie 77th and are the lowest ranked team at the tournament.

The final takes place at Stadium Australia on 20 August (11:00 kick-off).
• None Are world champions USA still the team to beat?
• None Ten players to watch at the Women's World Cup

This Women's World Cup has been labelled the biggest women's sports event ever to be staged. One thing is certain: the tournament will be huge in terms of showcasing - and growing - women's football around the world.

For the first time, Fifa will directly pay players at the Women's World Cup. Amounts increase for the deeper that teams progress, ranging from about £24,000 per player for the group stage to just over £200,000 allotted to each champion.

These are significant sums at a time when the average salary in the women's game worldwide is £11,000, according to last year's Fifa benchmarking report. Overall prize money has increased from £23m in 2019 to £84m.

In another first, referees will announce the reasoning for video assistant referee (VAR) decisions to fans in stadiums and television audiences via a microphone and loudspeakers.

As at the men's World Cup in Qatar last year, referees are also encouraged to stop time-wasting, so added time is likely to be lengthy while long goal celebrations will also extend stoppages.

Meanwhile, captains will be permitted to wear armbands with messages about inclusion, gender equality and peace after rainbow armbands were not allowed at the men's tournament last year.

None of the eight available armbands, however, explicitly advocate for LGBTQ+ inclusion.
• None What do stats say about chances of USA v England final?

Who will win this Women's World Cup?

The last time the United States lost a World Cup game was in 2011 when they were defeated on penalties by Japan in the final in Frankfurt, Germany.

Since then they have won 13 out of 14 on the global stage and they head into this edition chasing a record third successive success following triumphs in 2015 and 2019.

However, boss Jill Ellis has stepped down since guiding the Stars and Stripes to World Cup glory in France in 2019, while two-time World Cup and Olympic gold medal winner Carli Lloyd has ended her international career.

With 14 of the 23 players appearing at their first World Cup, and Megan Rapinoe - regarded as a genuine American icon - announcing this will be her fourth and final World Cup, will there be a changing of the guard at the top of women's football?

England's unforgettable Euro 2022 success has rightly placed them in conversations when it comes to predicting World Cup favourites.

However, injuries have hit hard and the Lionesses are without several key players including Beth Mead, who was named Euro 2022's best player and won the Golden Boot award given to the tournament's top scorer.

Spain have the best women's player in the world in Alexia Putellas, while two-time winners Germany have a strong and experienced squad.

France are led by experienced manager Herve Renard, while co-hosts Australia will be backed by large crowds and have Chelsea's prolific forward Sam Kerr.
• None Get to know the England World Cup squad
• None Who will win Women's World Cup? Rita Ora & co have the answer

Olympic champions Canada are also hoping to go deep in the tournament, but they are one of several nations whose World Cup preparations have been disrupted by domestic issues.

Spain and France have also made headlines in recent months as rows between players and federations have escalated, although France's issues appear to have been resolved with the appointment of Renard.

Jamaica - and even Nigeria's head coach - have taken action or called out their federations over issues such as pay, resources and personnel.

England's players are frustrated with the Football Association over its stance on performance-related bonuses.

Meanwhile, the South Africa squad selected by coach Desiree Ellis did not participate in their final warm-up fixture on home soil before leaving for the World Cup, meaning a back-up team, which included a 13-year-old girl, was hastily assembled to face Botswana in order to avoid a fine.
• None Women's World Cup: Why some players are shunning their teams
• None Lionesses to pause bonus talks until after World Cup

With 32 teams at this edition, - up from 24 in 2019 and 16 as recently as 2011 - there are 736 players at this World Cup.

Three of those players are appearing at the tournament for a sixth time - Marta (Brazil), Onome Ebi (Nigeria) and Christine Sinclair (Canada).

Having turned 40 in May, defender Ebi is the oldest player in Australia and New Zealand.

But she still trails Brazil's Formiga, who holds the record as the oldest player to take part in the competition at 41 years and 112 days in 2019.

Meanwhile, there are a number of players who are barely out of high school.

South Korea's Casey Phair, 16, will become the youngest ever player at a Women's World Cup if she appears in either of her country's first two group matches against Colombia or Morocco.
• None Three legendary players turned managers at the World Cup
• None From working in a supermarket to Women's World Cup

The United States, Netherlands, England, France and Canada are among the nations who will be without key players due to injury.

As well as captain Becky Sauerbrunn (foot), the United States' injury list includes forward Mallory Swanson (torn patellar tendon), midfielder Sam Mewis (knee) and forward Christen Press (knee).

Vivianne Miedema, the all-time Netherlands leading scorer, is out with anterior cruciate ligament damage - the same injury that has prevented England's Leah Williamson and Mead from taking part.

Attacking midfielder Fran Kirby (knee) is also missing for the Lionesses.

France are deprived of midfielder Amandine Henry (calf), five-time Champions League winner Delphine Cascarino (ACL) and striker Marie-Antoinette Katoto (ACL).

Another player ruled out because of an ACL injury is Canada forward Janine Beckie.
• None Women's World Cup: Football Australia head calls for more research into ACL injuries

How to follow on the BBC...

The BBC is your destination for coverage 24 hours a day, seven days a week.

With 33 live games on BBC TV and iPlayer, alongside coverage of the key matches on BBC Radio 5 Live and BBC Sounds, football fans can enjoy the Australia and New Zealand Women's World Cup wherever they are.

With first pick of the last-16 stage, the BBC will show England's first knockout game if they make it past the group stage.

The BBC is the only place you can watch both semi-finals on 15-16 August. The final, on Sunday, 20 August, will be broadcast by both the BBC and ITV.

The Duke of Sussex has alleged that phone calls made by the King and Queen Consort were intercepted by the publisher of the Sun newspaper during the 1990s, court documents say.

Prince Harry's barrister said that the prince's private information would also have been intercepted as a result.

Prince Harry is suing the publisher, News Group Newspapers (NGN), over alleged unlawful information-gathering.

NGN has consistently denied this and wants to stop his claim.

NGN is bringing a bid to have his claim thrown out, along with a similar claim by actor Hugh Grant, arguing they have been brought too late.

The case is one of three major cases that Prince Harry has made against tabloid newspapers, all alleging unlawful information-gathering. The other cases concern the Daily Mirror and Daily Mail groups.

He says the Sun's journalists and private investigators working for them of intruded illegally into his personal life, starting from when he was a teenager.

Making the allegations, barrister David Sherborne said: "The claimant will rely on these instances in support of the contention that the inevitable and/or intended consequence of these interceptions is that his own private information will have been intercepted as a result since his father was communicating or receiving private information about the claimant's education, health and welfare."

Mr Sherborne also alleged that Prince Harry's mother, Diana, Princess of Wales, had calls and messages intercepted by NGN.

The hearing began on Tuesday with claims by Prince Harry that Buckingham Palace and NGN had struck a backroom deal - which, he explained, was why he did not bring a claim earlier.

He said he first became aware of the alleged deal in around 2012.

NGN lawyers deny there was ever a secret agreement.

The High Court hearing is expected to conclude on Thursday and the judge will determine whether the claims will progress to a trial which is due to be heard in January next year.

But if NGN succeeds in its bid to scrap the case it could also lead to the blocking of a similar damages claim brought by the actor Hugh Grant.

Last updated on .From the section Tennis

Coverage: Live across BBC TV, radio and online with comprehensive coverage on BBC iPlayer, the BBC Sport website, BBC Sport mobile app and Red Button.

Nick Kyrgios has withdrawn from Wimbledon 2023 with a wrist injury.

The Australian, 28, lost to Novak Djokovic in last year's men's singles final and has only played one tournament this year because of a knee injury that required surgery.

Kyrgios announced on Sunday evening that he had torn a ligament in his wrist during his comeback.

"I'm really sad to say that I have to withdraw from Wimbledon this year," he posted on Instagram.

"I tried my hardest to be ready after my surgery and to be able to step on the Wimbledon courts again.

"During my comeback, I experienced some pain in my wrist during the week of Mallorca.

"As a precaution I had it scanned and it came back showing a torn ligament in my wrist.

"I tried everything to be able to play and I am disappointed to say that I just didn't have enough time to manage it before Wimbledon."I'll be back and, as always, I appreciate the support from all my fans."

Kyrgios was seeded 30th in SW19 and was set to face Belgian David Goffin in the opening round.

Wimbledon responded to Kyrgios' withdrawal by wishing him a "swift recovery" on social media.

"Sorry to hear your news Nick Kyrgios. Wishing you a swift recovery and hope to see you back on our courts next year," Wimbledon tweeted.
• None Who's playing who? Details of the Wimbledon draw
• None Alerts: Get tennis news sent to your phone

The start of an injury-hit season saw Kyrgios pull out of the Australian Open in January, a decision made on the eve of the tournament that left him "devastated".

Surgery on a cyst growing in his meniscus quickly followed and he was not able to return to competitive action until June.

Kyrgios suffered a first-round loss to China's Wu Yibing at the Stuttgart Open, struggling with his movement during a straight-set defeat, then pulled out of the Halle Open the following week.

He had been practising at the All England Club this week, saying his body felt "OK" after sets against fellow Australian Jordan Thompson and American Maxime Cressy.

Kyrgios, known for his fiery temperament as well as his exciting tennis, reached his maiden major final at Wimbledon last year. He took the opening set before losing in four sets to Novak Djokovic.

Britain's Joe Salisbury and American Rajeev Ram, three-time major men's doubles champions, were due to face Kyrgios and Thanasi Kokkinaki in their opening doubles match.

Andrew Tate leaving court in Bucharest in May 2023

Romania's anti-organised crime unit say they have expanded the human trafficking case against controversial influencer Andrew Tate, his brother Tristan and two associates.

They are now being investigated for the more serious crime of "human trafficking in continued form".

One more victim was also added to the case, which started out with six women.

The Tate brothers and their associates have been under house arrest in Bucharest since April.

They were first arrested in December and are being investigated on allegations of rape, people-trafficking and forming an organised crime group.

They have always denied any wrongdoing.

On 12 June, all four suspects were called to the headquarters of Romania's organised crime unit to be informed of the new allegations. Under Romanian law, trafficking of adults carries a prison sentence of up to 10 years.

Prosecutors also said they had opened a separate criminal investigation against a Romanian man named Vlad Obuzic, who they say was close to the Tate brothers.

Mr Obuzic is facing allegations of human trafficking and forming a criminal crime group to sexually exploit seven women, who were seduced and coerced to produce pornographic content for social media sites, with the suspects keeping most of the gains.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

"To ensure the victims' loyalty and that they will perform only to the benefit of the members of the group, they were forced to tattoo the name or face of the group member exploiting them," prosecutors said in a statement.

Romanian prosecutors are expected to issue an indictment with details of formal charges levelled against the brothers and their associates later this month - which would mark the start of a trial.

Separately on Wednesday, lawyers representing four women in the UK delivered a letter to Mr Tate at his home in Bucharest.

They accuse Mr Tate of rape, serious assault and coercive behaviour.

The claims, which date from 2013 to 2015, were made by three women whose complaints several years ago were investigated by police but never brought to trial - and a fourth woman who came forward more recently.

The letter gives Mr Tate 14 days to respond to the claims or face civil proceedings at the High Court in London.

In a statement, Mr Tate's press manager said he "categorically denied" the accusations, describing them as "acts of intimidation".

Mr Tate, 36, has millions of followers online. His content is particularly popular among young men drawn to his hyper-macho image.

In an interview with BBC News in early June, Mr Tate denied fuelling a culture of misogyny and defended his reputation.

He also dismissed the testimonies of individual women involved in the current investigation who have accused him of rape and exploitation.

A few days later, a British woman said Mr Tate choked her until she lost consciousness while they were having sex, and then subjected her to threatening behaviour.

A spokesman for Mr Tate told the BBC that he was "saddened that a few opportunistic women who he has allegedly spent time with nearly a decade ago have decided to try and take advantage of his current situation".

In a speech at a university in Michigan this week, Mr DeSantis called Disney "a joke"

Florida's Governor Ron DeSantis has escalated his feud with Disney, threatening to impose taxes on its hotels and roads that lead to the theme park.

He also promised to strip the company of its control over development in a district that oversees its property.

"We are going to win on every single issue involving Disney," he announced at a speech in Michigan.

The threat is the latest in the state's ongoing dispute with the company.

Mr DeSantis is widely expected to run in the 2024 presidential election and is seen as a front-runner Republican candidate.

His dispute with the entertainment giant began when Disney criticised the state's Parental Rights in Education Act, dubbed by critics as the "Don't Say Gay" bill.

The measure bans education about sexual orientation and gender identity for pupils aged nine and under. Mr DeSantis has pushed to expand the legislation to cover all grades.

Since Disney expressed opposition to the policy, Mr DeSantis has pushed for more governmental control over its Orlando theme parks.

For over 50 years, the Walt Disney World territory operated within Florida's Reedy Creek Improvement District and essentially functioned as a self-governing area, controlling utilities and a fire department.

In a speech at conservative Hillsdale College in Michigan on Thursday, Mr DeSantis called Disney "a joke".

"They are not superior to the people of Florida," he said. "Ultimately, we're going to win on every single issue involving Disney, I can tell you that."

In February, Mr DeSantis signed a bill subjecting the company to more layers of oversight through a five-member state-appointed board.

But last week, the new board said its powers had been stymied by a last-minute agreement that gives the entertainment giant almost total control over development in the district in perpetuity or until "21 years after the death of the last survivor of the descendants of King Charles III, king of England".

Disney is "acting like somehow that they pulled one over on the state," Mr DeSantis said this week of the last-minute deal.

"But now that Disney has reopened this issue, we're not just going to void the development agreement they tried to do, we're going to look at things like taxes on the hotels, we're going to look at things like tolls on the roads," he said, adding the state would also look to develop property it owns near Disney.

The BBC has reached out to Disney for comment.

In a statement last week, the company - which is among Florida's largest employers - said all agreements signed between Disney and the district were "appropriate" and discussed and approved in "open, noticed public forums".

Earlier this week, during a meeting with shareholders, Disney CEO Bob Iger took aim at Mr DeSantis, calling his actions "anti-business" and "anti-Florida", and arguing the company had a "right to freedom of speech just like individuals do".

Penderyn became the first Welsh whisky distiller for over a century when it started production 20 years ago

Whisky made in Wales has been given protected status like Welsh lamb.

Single malt Welsh whisky is the first spirit to receive geographical indication (GI) status since UKGI was launched in 2021 after Brexit.

Production has expanded since its revival 20 years ago with exports to more than 45 countries. And the spirit is expected to generate £23m this year.

Four distilleries were part of the final bid for GI status - Penderyn, In the Welsh Wind, Da Mhile, and Coles.

Penderyn boss Stephen Davies said gaining the status was a "significant milestone".

"It assists in safeguarding both the quality of the product and also its source of origin," he added.

A total of 20 food and drinks have been officially protected in Wales, including Anglesey sea salt, Caerphilly cheese, Carmarthen ham, Conwy mussels, Denbigh plum, Pembrokeshire early potatoes, Welsh laverbread, west Wales coracle caught sewin and salmon, as well as Welsh wine, cider, leeks, beef, lamb and pork.

Rural Affairs Minister Lesley Griffiths said the Welsh whisky industry played an "important role in the food and drink sector" in Wales.

"I am very pleased for all those involved in gaining this prestigious status and ensures this fantastic product gains the recognition and prestige it deserves," she said.

UKGI was set up to ensure certain UK foods and drinks could secure legal protection against imitation after the UK's withdrawal from the EU which runs its own scheme.

UK Food and Farming Secretary Therese Coffey said awarding the Welsh whisky GI status "shows how the UK government is ready to get behind the best of British food and drink from across the nation - to boost sales at home and abroad, create jobs and grow our economy".

"I look forward to meeting some of the distillers at the Royal Welsh Show and celebrating this unique product's wonderful history," she added.

The agricultural show takes place at Llanelwedd in Powys from Monday.

Melbourne has overtaken Sydney as Australia's most populous city for the first time since the 19th Century gold rush, following a boundary change.

Sydney has proudly held the title for more than 100 years.

But with populations rapidly growing on Melbourne's fringe, the city limits have been expanded to include the area of Melton.

The latest government figures, from June 2021, put Melbourne's population at 4,875,400 - 18,700 more than Sydney.

The Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS) defines a city's "significant urban area", by including all connecting suburbs with more than 10,000 people.

"With the amalgamation of Melton into Melbourne in the latest... classification, Melbourne has more people than Sydney - and has had since 2018, " the ABS's Andrew Howe told the Sydney Morning Herald newspaper - which described the redrawn boundary as "a technicality".

Proud Sydneysiders will point to the ABS's conclusion that when looking at the greater Sydney and Melbourne regions, Sydney remained bigger in June 2021.

Greater regions of a city take into account its "functional area", the ABS says, and include populations who frequent or work within the city, but may live in small towns and rural areas surrounding it.

However the federal government predicts Greater Melbourne will overtake Greater Sydney in 2031-32.

Melbourne's rapid growth is largely thanks to international migration, Australian National University demographer Liz Allen told the BBC.

Dr Allen noted that unlike Sydney, which has a "historical hangover" of a time when "it didn't want to be seen as anything other than white", Melbourne has a reputation for celebrating diversity.

It is also an attractive migration destination as it has employment and education opportunities comparable to Sydney, but has historically been more affordable than the harbour-side city.

It's not the first time Melbourne has held the title of Australia's biggest city.

As a result of the gold rush in the late 19th Century, which saw migrants flock to the state of the Victoria, Melbourne grew rapidly and outnumbered Sydney until 1905.

Police in Northern Ireland are investigating a report that an indecent image appeared briefly during a children's screening of the Super Mario Bros Movie.

The incident happened at Londonderry's Waterside Theatre on Friday.

It is understood the children, believed to be of primary-school age, were at the event as part of a summer scheme.

It is believed an image of a partially undressed woman appeared on screen for several seconds before being removed.

The theatre has described what happened as "unfortunate but serious" and apologised.

In a post on Facebook on Friday night, staff said they would be "working with the relevant authorities".

BBC News NI has asked Waterside Theatre and Arts Centre for a statement.

Parents of the children who attended the screening were informed of the incident by organisers soon after it occurred, BBC News NI understands.

The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) was later informed.

The incident happened at the Waterside Theatre and Arts Centre in Derry

A PSNI spokesperson said they had received a report of an indecent image appearing briefly on the screen and had begun an investigation.

"Enquiries remain ongoing and anyone with information that could help with this investigation is asked to contact police," they added.

In a Facebook post on Friday, the theatre said it was "aware of an unfortunate but serious incident happening today".

"The welfare of our visitors is always our main concern and we will be working with the relevant authorities," the statement goes on.

"We offer or sincere apologies to all those affected."

DUP assembly member Gary Middleton called for enquiries to establish what had happened.

"There needs to be an investigation into how this happened and particularly the equipment used," he said.

"It's important that parents and those involved are kept informed."

Sean Mooney, an SDLP councillor for Derry and Strabane District Council, said it was "an unfortunate matter and unfortunate it happened".

"It would be concerning for the children seeing something that's inappropriate," he said.

"But this is pending investigation."

Actor Stephen Tompkinson denies causing grievous bodily harm to a man he confronted outside his home

Actor Stephen Tompkinson caused traumatic brain injuries to a man he punched outside his home, a court has heard.

The 57-year-old, best known for his role in ITV drama DCI Banks, is accused of inflicting grievous bodily harm on Karl Poole on 30 May 2021.

Newcastle Crown Court heard he punched Mr Poole to the ground, causing him to bang his head and fracture his skull.

Mr Tompkinson, who lives in Whitley Bay, North Tyneside, denies the charge.

Prosecutor Michael Bunch told the court the actor had called the police at about 05:30 before approaching two drunk men.

He told officers he had taken a bottle of Jagermeister from them and wanted them "moved on" as they were causing a disturbance outside the house he shared with his partner and her child.

In the call, played in court, he said he had "two incapable drunks" outside his house and that one of them was "just in his underwear".

"I've asked them to move. They can't move," he told the call handler.

The jury heard Mr Poole and his friend, Andrew Hall, had been drinking since around midnight and had gone to the beach to watch the sunrise before walking back to Mr Hall's house, passing Mr Tompkinson's home on Beech Grove on the way.

A neighbour, Caroline Davidson, was woken by the noise of "laughing and carrying on" and looked out of her bedroom window to see the two men lying on a path, where Mr Poole was only wearing underpants with a towel lying next to him.

She looked out again about five minutes later and saw Mr Tompkinson speaking to the men and "formed the view, from his hand gestures" that the actor was telling them to "get on their way", Mr Bunch said.

"It appeared that one of the men said something back and Mrs Davidson saw her neighbour draw back his fist, before apparently thinking better of it and lowering his hand," he said.

The two men were "obviously heavily drunk", Mr Poole "could hardly stay upright" and stopped after walking a short distance before "wobbling from side to side", the court was told.

Mr Tompkinson then "slapped Mr Poole with his right hand before punching him to the head with his left fist", Mr Bunch said.

"Mr Poole stumbled and then fell backwards striking his head on the roadway, where he lay unconscious," he added.

Stephen Tompkinson found fame in the TV show Ballykissangel in 1996

The court heard that on seeing Mr Poole fall, Mrs Davidson told her husband to call for an ambulance.

Jurors heard the actor, who starred as Father Peter Clifford in Ballykissangel, used his mobile phone to record two videos of the men but did not call the ambulance service himself.

Still unconscious, Mr Poole was taken to hospital and found to have a fractured skull and significant traumatic brain injuries.

Mr Tompkinson, who was born in Stockton-on-Tees, told police he had acted in self-defence and only pushed Mr Poole after the men became "aggressive" towards him.

He said he turned to face Mr Hall and, when he looked back, Mr Poole was on the ground, the court heard.

However, the actor's claims that the men had been aggressive were "simply not supported by any of the evidence", Mr Bunch said.

"The truth is that the defendant's story is nothing more than a weak attempt by him to deflect blame onto others for what were his wholly unjustified aggressive actions."

Giving evidence, Mr Poole said he had "absolutely zero" memory of that night and his police statement's description of what happened was "from what I've been told".

Mr Tompkinson's defence, Nicholas Lumley KC, suggested to Mr Poole he "fell as a result of a simple push" and had since exaggerated what happened.

Mr Poole confirmed he had made a compensation claim through the Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority.

The trial, which is expected to last four days, continues.

Follow BBC North East & Cumbria on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Send your story ideas to northeastandcumbria@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Listen: Sinead James makes a 999 call claiming her daughter had been injured after falling down the stairs

A man has been found guilty of murdering his partner's two-year-old daughter after subjecting her to a "brutal" assault.

Kyle Bevan, 31, of Aberystwyth, Ceredigion, killed Lola James while he was alone with her in July 2020.

Lola's mother Sinead James, 30, of Neyland, Pembrokeshire, was found guilty of causing or allowing her death.

Bevan, James's boyfriend, blamed the family dog for the death, but a jury took just over 10 hours to find him guilty of murder.

Lola's grandmother Nicola James said the loss her family felt was "indescribable", adding they would never get over her death.

Swansea Crown Court heard Bevan told the police Lola's injuries were caused by the family dog, an American bulldog called Jessie, which pushed her down the stairs.

Kyle Bevan was found guilty or murdering Lola in a “frenzied and brutal attack”

The prosecution said the claim was a "deliberate lie to cover up his guilt".

Bevan had lived in the family home in Haverfordwest for four months before he killed Lola.

The court heard he used drugs including Xanax, cannabis and amphetamines, and had a volatile temper.

He subjected Lola to a "brutal" assault between the evening of 16 July and the morning of 17 July 2020.

Lola, described as a "happy, beautiful and busy little girl", was found to have 101 cuts and bruises on her body.

She experienced head trauma likened to injuries sustained in a high velocity car crash.

Phone records show that at about 06:30 BST on 17 July, Bevan Googled: "My two-year-old child has just taken a bang to the head and gone all limp and snoring. What's wrong?"

Bevan waited another hour before calling an ambulance.

The court heard that when paramedics arrived at the home, they found Lola lying unconscious with a swollen and bruised face, and she also appeared to be wet.

Investigators later noticed that the bath was spotlessly clean despite the rest of the house being dirty.

A vomit and blood-stained grey onesie was also found in the corner of the living room.

The prosecutor said it is believed all that was part of Kyle Bevan's attempt to destroy evidence.

Prosecutor Caroline Rees KC told the court: "We say that, rather than face up to what he did to the little girl, Kyle Bevan immediately tried to save himself.

"Rather than immediately call the emergency services, as surely would be natural had this been an accident as he now says, he took time to concoct excuses and lies."

Lola's mother Sinead James was found guilty of causing or allowing her daughter's death

Jurors were shown photographs that Bevan took of Lola's injuries and a video he shot of her unconscious and badly injured.

In the video, a topless Bevan is seen lifting an unresponsive Lola and trying to stand her up.

He then lets her go and a thud can be heard as she falls to the ground.

Bevan then places Lola back on the sofa where she can be heard snoring, and he walks towards the camera saying: "She's gone. She's gone."

Sinead James claimed she was asleep when her daughter's injuries were caused, which was accepted by the prosecution.

But they said James should have been aware of the threat Bevan posed to Lola due to previous violent incidents against her.

James told the court she was woken by Bevan at 07:20 on 17 July, who told her Lola had fallen down the stairs.

She told the court she rushed to see her daughter and saw Lola on the sofa with a swollen head and lips.

Lola had previously suffered a series of injuries in the months leading up to her death including a bloodied nose, a grazed chin and a split lip.

All of these were covered up by Bevan with a string of excuses, but the jury ruled they should have made James realise that Bevan was a threat to Lola.

Bevan told police Lola had been pushed down the stairs by the dog

James had a domestic violence advisor, to whom James never disclosed that Bevan had moved into the family home.

James broke down in tears when the verdict was read out that she was found guilty of causing or allowing her daughter's death.

Bevan did not react when he was found guilty of Lola's murder.

After the trial, Lola's grandmother Nicola James said in a statement: "My last memory with Lola is hearing her singing the song Diamonds by Rihanna.

"She will forever be our diamond up in the sky, we will never ever forget her, and we will continue to keep her memory alive.

"As a family we will never get over this, the loss that we feel is indescribable."

Sinead James claimed she was asleep when her daughter's injuries were caused, which was accepted by the prosecution

Lola's father Daniel Thomas said the pain and grief he felt was "unbearable".

"The pain I feel thinking of all the smiles you gave to me and all the smiles I won't get a chance to give back to you hurts so much.

"Even to say your name shatters my heart to know you can't hear my voice anymore.

"The only reason I can stand here today is for hope that you can see me, see that you were loved and that you deserved to live a full, happy, safe life surrounded by the joy that you gave to others."

"I'm so sorry your short life was filled with so much pain. You are so loved Lola and so missed every single day."

NSPCC Cymru's assistant director Tracey Holdsworth said a review into Lola's death must establish whether more could have been done by agencies to save her.

"It's crucial this leads to systemic changes that ensure children like Lola are better protected," she said.

Bevan and James will be sentenced on 25 April.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Israeli police clashed with crowds of protesters at night after parliament adopted a highly controversial law to limit the Supreme Court's powers.

The measure - part of a big reform package - will prevent the court from overruling government actions it considers unreasonable.

Police in Jerusalem and Tel Aviv used water cannon to disperse protesters blocking highways.

After months of mass street protests over the judicial reform Monday's Knesset (parliament) vote was an important victory for Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.

But the battle is not over. It may go on for months.

A political watchdog group and centrist opposition leader Yair Lapid plan to petition the Supreme Court to annul the new law.

Moreover, Israel's Histadrut trade union confederation has threatened a general strike and thousands of military reservists, including air force pilots, have vowed to not report for duty if the law is allowed to stand.

For a country that prides itself on its ability to respond fast to any kind of threat, the fact that Israel's very security might be compromised is causing real anxiety.

Mr Netanyahu has insisted the law is necessary for the government to "carry out policy in line with the decision of the majority of the citizens of the country".

But he said he was willing to resume talks with the opposition, even until November, to find an all-inclusive agreement.

The planned reforms have triggered some of the biggest protests in Israel's history. On Monday at least 22 people were arrested, police said.

Opponents fear the changes could undermine the country's democratic system, tipping it into authoritarian territory.

They worry that nationalist and ultra-Orthodox religious parties allied to Mr Netanyahu will be able to shape policy with unchecked power.

But the government argues that the reforms are necessary to correct an imbalance in power which has seen the courts increasingly intervene in political decisions.

The so-called "reasonableness" bill was approved by 64 votes to 0, after the opposition boycotted the final vote.

Mounted police tried to move protesters off Ayalon Highway in Tel Aviv

The White House - a key ally of Israel - called it "unfortunate" that the law had been passed.

The vote brings to a head months of turmoil, with Israel's president warning political leaders on Monday that the country was "in a state of national emergency".

The street protests outside the Knesset lasted all of Monday, amid a cacophony of noise from drums, whistles and air horns.

A demonstrator lying in the street told the BBC he was defying "dictatorship", adding that his grandfather had been a wartime codebreaker against the Nazis at the UK's famous Bletchley Park.

Asked how long he would stay put he said: "We will never surrender".

Another, Reut Yifat Uziel, the daughter of a paratrooper pictured in an iconic Israeli photograph of the capture of the Western Wall in the 1967 Middle East war, said she feared for her children's future.

"Netanyahu kidnapped the country and I am worried it will become a theocracy," she said.

Reut Yifat Uziel said she feared for her children's future

The protesters - tens of thousands of whom marched some 45 miles (70km) from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem at the end of last week - set up camp in a park between the Knesset and the Supreme Court, which are located almost next to each other.

Mr Netanyahu was in parliament for the vote hours after being discharged from hospital following unscheduled surgery for a pacemaker on Saturday.

The controversial reforms have polarised Israel, triggering one of the most serious domestic crises in the country's history.

Hundreds of thousands of demonstrators have taken to the streets weekly since the start of the year in protest at what they say is an attack on democracy.

Former heads of Israel's security services, chief justices, and prominent legal and business figures have also been vocal against the government's reforms.

The measures have also been criticised by the US President Joe Biden, who in his most explicit comments yet called for the "divisive" reforms to be postponed.

Officers in England and Wales have met a target to attend every domestic burglary scene, police chiefs have said.

The National Police Chiefs' Council (NPCC) made the pledge in a new set of standards announced last year.

The NPCC's Deputy Chief Constable Alex Franklin-Smith said they wanted to end the "postcode lottery" on policing.

But he said the policy had only had a modest impact so far on how many burglaries were being solved.

A report in August 2022 by His Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire & Rescue Services (HMICFRS) found most victims of burglary, robbery and theft were not getting the justice they deserved.

Announcing the target, the NPCC cited College of Policing evidence suggesting higher rates of attendance after a burglary would make victims feel safer and help with investigations.

Now the NPCC has announced that all 43 forces in England and Wales had successfully implemented the new policy by March this year.

DCC Franklin-Smith told BBC Radio 4's Today programme that the target being met was a positive step and would help remove regional discrepancies in the quality of policing.

He explained: "Police chiefs up and down the country want to make sure that there isn't a postcode lottery when it comes to reporting and being a victim of such crime.

"It's great that we're able to make sure that there is this consistency in response - if you do phone your local force, you will get a response, and we will do everything we can do to identify those responsible."

There were more than 271,000 incidents of burglary recorded by police in 2022, data from the Office for National Statistics shows.

But according to the Crime Survey for England and Wales, which is carried out by Kantar Public on behalf of the ONS, actual rates are much higher because of the number of crimes which go unreported.

The figures from both show the number of burglaries has been gradually coming down over the last 10 years.

DCC Franklin-Smith said the number recorded by the police had fallen by 50% and levels were now back to pre-Covid levels after rising during the pandemic.

But according to the NPCC, the number of people brought to justice for the crime remains low. Less than 5% of burglaries across England and Wales were solved in 2021/22.

Asked if the policy was leading to a rise in the number of burglaries being solved, DCC Franklin-Smith said: "We're seeing a slight increase," but he cautioned: "I think it would be wrong at this stage... to try and claim that we're seeing significant increases."

The Home Office has also created a new way of recording burglaries to make it clearer when a home has been entered by the perpetrator.

The NPCC said that previously a thief entering a home "was treated the same as the loss of a spade from a shed" in the data.

Home Secretary Suella Braverman said she was "delighted" to see the commitment fulfilled, adding: "This will help increase public confidence and see more criminals caught."

Both charities claim this is the first case of its kind

A transgender charity's attempt to get an organisation it described as having an "anti-trans focus" removed from the charity register has been dismissed.

Mermaids launched the legal challenge after the Charity Commission registered the LGB Alliance in 2021.

The LGB Alliance supports lesbian, gay and bisexual people, but Mermaids alleged the group sought to undermine its charitable activities.

On Thursday the tribunal ruled Mermaids was not entitled to bring the case.

Mermaids' legal challenge is believed to be the first time a charity sought to strip another charity of its charitable status.

But the tribunal ruled that while Mermaids and its supporters may have been affected by LGB Alliance "emotionally and/or socially," this did not give them the legal right to appeal against their registration as a charity.

Mermaids was set up in 1995 to support children and young people questioning their gender identity. It said the LGB Alliance sought to "destroy" its reputation and sources of funding.

LGB Alliance says it exists to advance the rights of lesbian, gay and bisexual (LGB) people. It insisted it is not transphobic and does not endorse discriminatory behaviour towards any group or individual.

The tribunal had been asked to consider whether LGB Alliance should have been registered as a charity, but the two judges on the panel were unable to reach an agreement. Both judges agreed the case should be dismissed.

Judges heard arguments about the definition of homosexuality, transgender rights and gender identity services for children and young people, during a week of evidence at the general regulatory chamber in London, in September.

In their written ruling, the judges said the case was not about the "rights of gender diverse people, or about the rights of gay, lesbian and bisexual people", but focussed on a "small part" of the law regulating charities.

The Charity Commission said its role was not to regulate public debate on sensitive issues but to apply the law when registering charities.

Both LGB Alliance and Mermaids fundraised thousands of pounds to pay for their legal costs.

Kate Barker, chief executive officer of LGB Alliance, said she was "delighted" with the decision, but added "the cost to us and to our supporters has been huge".

She said the process had been "bruising" for LGB Alliance, that it was glad the process had come to an end and it was looking forward to doing more charitable work.

"We've got projects like a helpline, friends' groups and student networks and a lot of those things were on hold because we had a cloud hanging over us," she said.

Mermaids said, although disappointed, the ruling had "no reflection" on it as an organisation and its work will continue. It is considering whether to appeal.

Jolyon Maugham, the director of campaign group Good Law Project, which supported Mermaids, said he felt the judges took a long time to make a decision because they "found it impossible" to rule LGB Alliance's charitable status, due to a "toxic discourse" about the rights of trans people.

During the case, LGB Alliance said the attempt to have it struck off the register was "profoundly homophobic", while Mermaids said LGB Alliance had been persistently "attacking" them.

The Charity Commission urged both charities to be respectful and tolerant of each other. "Demonising and undermining those who think differently is not acceptable from any charity on our register", it added.

Rishi Sunak is to consult his ethics adviser on Monday to discuss Suella Braverman's handling of a speeding offence.

The home secretary sought advice about arranging a private speed awareness course via officials and an aide, the BBC has been told.

Labour and the Lib Dems have called on the ethics adviser to investigate whether she breached the rules.

Mrs Braverman was caught speeding when she was attorney general last summer, and faced three points on her licence and a fine, or a course as part of a group.

She is under scrutiny, not over the speeding offence itself, but over whether she acted properly in trying to arrange a one-to-one awareness course.

On Monday the prime minister will talk to Sir Laurie Magnus, the independent official who opposition parties want to examine the claims, after he returns from the G7 summit in Japan.

Mr Sunak earlier declined to say whether he would be ordering an inquiry, when asked about the story at the summit.

Speaking at a news conference, he also declined to say he backed her - but a Downing Street source later said that "of course" he did.

"I don't know the full details of what has happened, nor have I spoken to the home secretary," Mr Sunak said.

"But I understand she has expressed regret for speeding, accepted the penalty and paid the fine."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. "Did you have any questions about the summit?" Rishi Sunak asks the BBC's Chris Mason

Shadow health secretary Wes Streeting said the prime minister was "too weak" to sack her or launch an inquiry.

And the Liberal Democrats say Mr Sunak should make a statement in Parliament on Monday to "explain this farce".

"Rishi Sunak is so weak he can't even make sure his own ministers maintain the very basic level of integrity," the party's chief whip Wendy Chamberlain said.

After being caught speeding, Mrs Braverman was offered the choice of either a fine and points on her driving licence, or a speed awareness course.

A government source told the BBC the senior minister had been "concerned" about her insurance premiums, and favoured doing a course.

She asked civil servants about arranging a course for just her, citing security concerns about doing one as part of a group, but was told it was not a matter for the civil service.

Mrs Braverman then asked a special adviser to try to arrange a one-on-one course.

When the course provider told her there was no option to do a private course - and after she was reappointed home secretary in Mr Sunak's government - she opted to pay the fine and accept the points because she was "very busy" and did not have the time to do a course, the BBC has been told.

The same government source refused to say whether Mrs Braverman's motivation to do the course in private was to reduce the chances of her being recognised by members of the public.

The prime minister apparently did not know anything about what happened until the story broke in the Sunday Times.

This kind of headline, while he is wrangling world leaders abroad, is a headache at home that he certainly does not need.

Having promised on day one of his job that he would run a government with the highest levels of transparency and integrity, any slight suggestion that his team's behaviour is less than perfect creates political pain for him.

Speaking to Sunday With Laura Kuenssberg, Conservative cabinet member Therese Coffey said she knew no more about it than what she had read in the papers, while Tory MP Jake Berry said there were "definitely questions to be answered".

He said he expects the issue to be discussed in Parliament in the coming days. Mrs Braverman is already due in the Commons on Monday afternoon for Home Office questions.

The ministerial code sets standards of conduct expected of ministers, including that they must uphold the political impartiality of the civil service.

After serving as attorney general between February 2020 and September 2022, Mrs Braverman was promoted to home secretary under Liz Truss.

She resigned on October 19 after sending an official document from a personal email to a backbench MP - describing it as a "technical infringement of the rules". But she was reappointed to the same role by Mr Sunak six days later following the collapse of the Truss government.

A source close to the home secretary said: "Mrs Braverman accepted three points for a speeding offence which took place last summer.

"The Cabinet Office was made aware of the situation as requested by Mrs Braverman. She was not and is not disqualified from driving."

A Cabinet Office spokesman said: "It would not be appropriate to comment on the existence or content of advice between government departments."

The bodies of Dawid Wlodarczyk, 3, Monika Wlodarczyk, 35, Maja Wlodarczyk, 11, and Michal Wlodarczyk, 39 were found on Friday

Police have named four people, including two children, found dead at a flat in Hounslow.

Michal Wlodarczyk, 39, Monika Wlodarczyk, 35, Maja Wlodarczyk, 11, and Dawid Wlodarczyk, aged three, have been named by police.

All four were found at the property on Staines Road, Bedfont, and thought to be from the same family, police said.

Officers said they were called at 15:12 BST on Friday by a person "concerned about the welfare of the occupants".

After officers carried out a "forced entry" they discovered all four bodies.

Their next of kin have been informed and are being supported by family liaison officers. The Metropolitan Police's investigation is being led by homicide detectives.

The force described it as "a terrible incident" and revealed that no other parties were currently being sought.

Police officers were at the property on Staines Road on Saturday

Post-mortem examinations are being arranged to establish their cause of death.

It is understood that the property where the bodies were found comprises two flats and they were discovered in the upstairs flat.

According to neighbours, they were a Polish family. Mr Wlodarczyk worked as a builder, while Mrs Wlodarczyk was a cleaner at a hotel, they told PA Media.

Naura Hooper, 46, who attended the scene, said she used to take 11-year-old Maja out with her daughters.

She said: "Maja was a nice girl, very intelligent and well-liked. The family were nice whenever I met them."

A man who lives next door, who did not wish to be named, said: "They were just normal neighbours - we just had greetings here and there, that kind of stuff."

A female neighbour - who also did not wish to be named - said she exchanged pleasantries with the family and revealed the woman was a "lovely mother with two young children".

She told the BBC the family were "absolutely gorgeous".

Ch Supt Sean Wilson told reporters officers were keeping an open mind about the circumstances

Feltham resident Michael Oban, 56, who lives about half a mile from the property, said he was "disturbed" by the discoveries.

"Whatever the circumstances, the death of four people inside a property really is quite shocking," he added.

"You have two children in there. It's always distressing when you hear children lose their life."

In an earlier statement, Ch Supt Sean Wilson explained that the police's "investigation is at a very early stage, and based on our initial inquiries, we are not currently seeking anybody else in connection with the incident".

"I know the shock and distress that this terrible incident will cause among the community in Hounslow and beyond," he added.

"I can assure local people that specialist officers are working to establish exactly what happened and I will provide further information as soon as I can."

He added: "I am also aware that this incident will be particularly upsetting for children, and I ask people to please be responsible about what they post on social media, including not naming or speculating as to the names of those who've died."

Hounslow council leader Shantanu Rajawat said the deaths had sent "shockwaves" through the community and he expressed his "heartfelt sympathies" to the family and friends of the deceased.

Floral tributes were laid at the scene

It's clear that the incident has left Hounslow's community incredibly distressed.

Some neighbours, parents of young children, were too upset to speak.

Others said they simply couldn't believe it, and never expected to wake up to this news on a Saturday morning.

Locals have been stopping near the property, and comforting each other, as they come to terms with four deaths in the London suburb.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said he was being updated on developments in Nottingham

Three people have been killed - and another three injured - in connected "horrific and tragic" attacks in Nottingham.

Two people, believed to have been stabbed, were found dead by police in Ilkeston Road just after 04:00 BST.

Officers were then called to Milton Street where a van had attempted to run over three people.

Police, who have arrested a man on suspicion of murder, later found a man dead in Magdala Road.

The 31-year-old arrested man is in custody and several police cordons are in place in the city centre.

Amed officers also raided a property in Ilkeston Road shortly before 13:00.

Nottinghamshire Police said the three people injured in the van attack in Milton Street were being treated in hospital.

Warning: People may find some of the details in the story upsetting

Chief Constable Kate Meynell said the force believed all three incidents were linked.

"This is an horrific and tragic incident which has claimed the lives of three people," she said.

"This investigation is at its early stages and a team of detectives is working to establish exactly what has happened.

"We ask the public to be patient while inquiries continue."

An eyewitness told the BBC he witnessed a young man and young woman being stabbed in Ilkeston Road, close to the junction with Bright Street, at about 04:00.

The man, who asked to remain anonymous, said: "Being a hot night, I had the window open and I just heard some awful, blood-curdling screams.

"I looked out of the window and saw a black guy dressed all in black with a hood and rucksack grappling with some people. It was a girl, and a man or boy she was with - they looked quite young.

"She was screaming 'help!' I just wish I'd shouted something out of the window to unnerve the assailant.

"I saw him stab the lad first and then the woman. It was repeated stabbing - four or five times. The lad collapsed in the middle of the road.

"The girl stumbled towards a house and didn't move. The next minute she had disappeared down the side of a house, and that's where they found her."

Police said three people injured in the van attack were being treated in hospital

Carl Cassidy said he witnessed two people get knocked over by a white van while dropping his wife off at work.

"We pulled up outside the Theatre Royal and as my wife opened the car door we heard an almighty bang," he said.

"A white van was heading for my car but it swerved and missed us by inches, mounting the pavement.

"I got out of the car and saw two people lying on the ground. The lady seemed OK, she was shaken but sitting up and OK. The man who was hit harder seemed a bit worse.

"He was on the other side of the road and people were helping to put him in the recovery position.

"Police were following the vehicle but stopped to tend to the injured.

"The van drove off and within seconds three more police cars arrived at the scene."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Eyewitness Lynn Haggitt said she wished she had not seen the crash

Nic Chuter lives in Mapperley Road, close to the junction of Woodborough Road, not far from where a man was found dead in Magdala Road.

The former emergency planner said he was greeted by armed police officers as he left the house.

He said: "[The] first thing we saw this morning when I took the children to nursery was someone calling me over with a very large gun saying 'hello, what are you up to?'

"We're not able to use the car as it's being counted as part of a crime scene, so everything within the cordon is staying put."

Emergency services have been at multiple locations in the city

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak thanked the emergency services and said he was being updated on developments.

"My thoughts are with those injured, and the family and loved ones of those who have lost their lives," he said.

Home Secretary Suella Braverman said she was "shocked and saddened" by the deaths, adding she had spoken to Nottinghamshire Police's chief constable and was "receiving regular updates".

Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer also sent his "thoughts to all those affected and to the emergency services who are responding".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

A damaged white Vauxhall Vivaro van and a cordon could be seen in Bentinck Road, Nottingham, which BBC Verify has confirmed is where an arrest took place.

It is not yet known if it is the same van that was involved in the incident.

A damaged white van could be seen near the scene of the arrest

A statement from the city's three Labour MPs - Lilian Greenwood, Nadia Whittome and Alex Norris - said: "Awful news for our city to wake up to today.

"Our community's thoughts and prayers are with all those affected.

"Our gratitude is with our blue light responders for their work today also."

Nottingham City Council leader David Mellen said: "Ours is an overwhelmingly peaceful and tolerant city where people get along with one another and it's incomprehensible that such dreadful violence has happened here.

"I'm grateful to the police for swiftly making an arrest and for all the emergency services responding to this tragic situation and keeping us safe."

This is normally an incredibly busy part of the city, it is where all of the buses come in.

There is a huge police presence and lots of people around wondering what is going on, trying to make their way into work, into college, into school.

It is a huge incident for the city and I have seen at least 40-50 police officers at the two cordons I have visited.

The police are talking to people, reassuring them and making sure they know where they're going. Most questions are being answered simply with "there has been a major incident".

The public were told to avoid the area

A number of roads in the city have been closed while investigations take place. These are:

Nottinghamshire Police has set up a dedicated phone line and asked anyone concerned about a family member or friend to call 0800 0961011.

A vigil is due to be held at St Peter's Church in the city centre from 17:00.

Bishop Paul Williams said everyone was welcome to attend.

Update 28 June: This story has been updated to quote the eyewitness referring to the ethnicity of the suspect, which was originally included but had been removed in error.

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

Are you in the area? Did you witness the incidents? Only if it safe to do so, you can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.
• None What we know about the Nottingham attacks

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Justice Clarence Thomas has previously described Republican donor Harlan Crow as one of his "dearest friends"

A billionaire Republican donor paid private school tuition fees for the grandnephew of US Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, a new report says.

Real estate magnate Harlan Crow said in response that he often paid tuition fees for pupils "from personal funds".

The revelation is the latest reported by ProPublica, which last month revealed Mr Crow had treated Justice Thomas and his wife to lavish holidays.

A friend of Mr Thomas has defended him and called the report "malicious".

There's been renewed scrutiny of ethics and disclosures at America's top court.

Under long-standing rules, Supreme Court justices are required to file annual disclosures of gifts.

BBC News has approached Justice Thomas for comment - he did not comment on the report by ProPublica, a non-profit news organisation.

Its latest report cited a bank statement showing Mr Crow paid $6,200 (£4,900) in monthly tuition fees at Hidden Lake Academy, a boarding school in Georgia, for Justice Thomas's grandnephew Mark Martin.

In a 2007 interview, Justice Thomas has said that he has raised Mr Martin, who is now an adult, like his own son since he was six years old.

Mr Martin told ProPublica he did not know Mr Crow paid his tuition fees.

According to the report, Justice Thomas did not publicly declare the tuition fees paid for his grandnephew by Mr Crow, though he has declared a similar $5,000 (£3,977) payment from another friend in the past.

Mr Crow also paid for Mr Martin's tuition fees at a second school: Randolph-Macon Academy, a day and boarding school in Virginia, which Mr Martin attended before and after his time at Hidden Lake Academy.

In a statement posted on Twitter, Mark Paoletta - a friend of Justice Thomas and former official in Donald Trump's administration - argued Justice Thomas was not required to report the tuition.

As evidence, he cited a 1978 law that states that judges must disclose gifts given to a "son, daughter, stepson or stepdaughter" - suggesting that as a grandnephew, Mr Martin was not subject to the same rule.

"Harlan Crow's tuition payments made directly to these schools on behalf of Justice Thomas's great nephew did not constitute a reportable gift," the statement added. "Justice Thomas never asked Harlan Crow to pay for his great nephew's tuition."

Mr Paoletta described the ProPublica report as "malicious" and an attempt "to manufacture a scandal about Justice Thomas".

It is unclear how much Mr Crow paid in tuition fees in total. Current annual tuition and boarding school fees at Randolph-Macon Academy are $43,873 a year, according to the school's website.

In a statement, Mr Crow's office did not address the payments made to cover Mr Martin's tuition fees directly, but said the billionaire has "long been passionate about the importance of quality education and giving back to those less fortunate".

"It's disappointing that those with partisan political interests would try to turn helping at-risk youth with tuition assistance into something nefarious or political," the statement said.

Last month, ProPublica revealed Justice Thomas enjoyed lavish gifts from Mr Crow, including trips to luxury vacations on private jets, which he did not publicly disclose.

In a statement addressing those previous reports, Justice Thomas said he had sought "guidance from my colleagues and others in the judiciary" and was told that "that this sort of personal hospitality from close personal friends, who did not have business before the Court, was not reportable".

The justice described Mr Crow and his wife Kathy Crow as "among our dearest friends, and we have been friends for over twenty-five years".

In light of the reports, the Supreme Court has been criticised for a lack of accountability, and Democratic senators have called on the court to investigate Justice Thomas.

On Tuesday, lawmakers were divided on whether to reform Supreme Court ethics rules at a Senate hearing.

Democrat Senator Dick Durbin argued that ethical standards for Supreme Court justices are too lax, and that judges and other public officials in lower offices are held to a higher standard.

"I think it's pretty clear to most objective people this is not the ordinary course of business, nor should it be a standard for those of us in public service," Mr Durbin said.

Meanwhile, Republican senators accused Democratic lawmakers of targeting the nation's highest court for political reasons. The Supreme Court currently has a 6-3 conservative majority.

Republican Senator Lindsay Graham said the latest push for Supreme Court reform was part of "a concentrated effort by the left to delegitimise the court".

Sir Keir Starmer has said Labour would give English councils more powers to build on green belt land to boost housing.

The Labour leader told the BBC he was prepared to take "tough decisions" and "back the builders, not the blockers".

However, he said construction would only take place where it does not "affect the beauty of our countryside".

He also pledged to restore local housing targets, which are being watered down after calls from Tory MPs.

In an interview with BBC Breakfast, Sir Keir gave an example of homes being built on a playing field rather than a car park because the car park was technically within the green belt.

"We would make those tough choices and say to local areas, notwithstanding that it's greenbelt, if it's a car park or similar land which doesn't affect the beauty of our countryside… then we'll change the planning rules, we'll give you the powers to do that," he said.

Under current planning rules in England, new buildings can only be constructed on green belt land in exceptional circumstances.

CPRE, the countryside charity, said "small scale developments of genuinely affordable homes" were needed by rural communities.

However, the charity's director of campaigns and policy Tom Fyans said brownfield should be used first, adding that "targeting the countryside for a building bonanza of executive homes most people can't afford would be wrong, counterproductive and deeply unpopular".

In a speech to the British Chambers of Commerce, Sir Keir argued the current planning system and blocks to building were holding back growth and leaving the economy "stuck in second gear".

"A generation and its hopes, an entire future - blocked by those, who more often than not, enjoy the secure homes and jobs that they're denying to others," Sir Keir said.

"The evidence could not be clearer, there are 38 countries in the OECD, and we are the second worst when it comes to the effectiveness of our planning system."

Sir Keir said Labour would take a "new approach to governing" driven by five clear missions, including the highest sustained growth in the G7.

Taking questions after the speech, the Labour leader accused the government of killing the dream of home ownership by watering down local housing targets.

The 2019 Conservative manifesto promised to build 300,000 homes a year in England by the mid-2020s.

But in December, the government said councils would get more flexibility over meeting centrally-set housing need targets.

Recently, Housing Secretary Michael Gove said that the UK's housing model was broken and more homes were "desperately" needed.

In the foreword to a collection of essays on housing published by the Conservative think tank Bright Blue and the housing charity Shelter, he said the need for change was "undeniable" and the government was "determined to build the new homes our country so urgently needs".

"That the current housing model - from supply to standards and the mortgage market - is broken, we can all agree," he said.

Conservative MPs critical of the government's targets had argued they undermined powers of local councils to decide where building takes place.

But others have raised concerns the changes will lead to fewer homes being built.

Some Labour MPs have also opposed developments in their own areas.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. WATCH: "We feel so excited, we feel so happy"

A group of Ugandan children is on the verge of glory after reaching the final of hit UK talent show Britain's Got Talent, where they have won over the judges and the public with their dazzling dance moves and bubbly personalities.

They have already made history after becoming the first act to be given a "golden buzzer" by one of the judges before they had even finished their performance. This sent them straight through to Wednesday's semi-final, where they received most public votes, meaning they are now among the 10 acts taking part in Sunday's final.

The group of six children aged between six and 13 all come from impoverished backgrounds in the Ugandan capital, Kampala, where they were taken in and cared for by their guardian-turned manager Dauda Kavuma.

He told the BBC that he hopes their success can encourage other children living in similar circumstances.

"We feel so happy to keep doing this and to bring hope to all the children around the world who are in the ghetto, who are disadvantaged, who are less privileged - that they can make it in life."

While they are winning over a new audience in the UK, the Ghetto Kids are already a global internet sensation and performed at the 2022 World Cup in Qatar.

But one of the group, Priscilla Zawedde, 13, told the BBC that winning the TV show - and the £250,000 ($313,000) prize money - would mean "a bigger house for everyone".

Some 30 children currently share a five-bedroom house in Kampala, where they are looked after by Kavuma.

He set up the Inspire Ghetto Kids Foundation in 2007 to care for street children in the Kampala neighbourhood of Makindye and told the AFP news agency that having a bigger house would be a "dream" as the children would have more space.

They currently rely on donations from well-wishers, earnings from their social media posts as well as fees for live performances.

Kavuma also started life on the street before he was given a chance by a man who spotted him playing football and asked him if he wanted to go to school.

"He let me join his team and helped me pay my school fees. He was someone who helped me without knowing me. So from that day, I promised myself that when I grow up I'd hope to help a child one day," Kavuma told the BBC.

But he then switched to music, which he is now using to transform the lives of others.

"Most people thought street kids... have no value in society but I thought otherwise," he told AFP.

"I thought: 'What if I use music, dance and drama to transform the underprivileged in the ghettos?'" he says.

Akram Muyana, 13, told the BBC that dancing had always been his way of escaping reality after his father died.

"Whenever I dance, I feel so happy, and my stress goes away. I started going to churches to dance to get money to give my mother for her to buy me clothes and food."

This is the second generation of Kavuma's Ghetto Kids to have found global stardom - the first generation was discovered dancing to Ugandan singer Eddy Kenzo's "Sitya Loss" and went on to have millions of YouTube views.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: British nationals board UK military plane to be evacuated from Sudan

The first flight carrying British nationals escaping conflict-hit Sudan has landed in the UK.

The flight carrying 250 people from Larnaca Airport in Cyprus arrived at Stansted Airport on Wednesday.

British troops are organising the evacuation from the east African country, under cover of a ceasefire which is due to end at midnight on Thursday.

Eight flights are expected to leave Khartoum by the end of Wednesday.

The government has faced some criticism over the speed of the evacuations.

Trapped British nationals have been making their own way to an airstrip near the Sudanese capital Khartoum to get on RAF military flights which take them to Larnaca before their onward journey to the UK.

More than 300 British national have now boarded four evacuation flights from Sudan, the Foreign Office says. Eight will have left by the end of the day.

Home Secretary Suella Braverman sent reassurances that the government would be supporting British nationals and their dependents in the "fast moving and complex situation".

But she added there were no plans to introduce a legal route for people fleeing Sudan to claim asylum in the UK.

Alicia Kearns, chairwoman of the Commons foreign affairs select committee, said elderly people dependent on their British citizen children should be allowed on flights to the UK.

"In the same way we treat children who are dependent on their parents, we should respect that some elderly people are dependent on their children," she said.

Flights should include those who would "otherwise be left destitute and really vulnerable", she said.

There has been concern over whether the runway at the Khartoum airstrip will hold up over the next couple of days.

The BBC has learned from a well-placed source that it is beginning to break up due to the sheer numbers of aircraft taking off and landing.

If flights are no longer possible, people may then have to take the potential alternative route to Port Sudan on the Red Sea coast for a possible seaborne evacuation.

But government sources said they were aware of the issue with the runway and were confident it would not be a limiting factor in the flights.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Fleeing Sudan - first Britons to leave Cyprus for UK soil

Concerns have been raised about aircraft had been leaving Sudan with empty seats.

But Brigadier Dan Reeve, the most senior military official overseeing the evacuation, said it was the Foreign Office not the military deciding who was eligible to get on flights.

He also defended the decision not to escort people to the airport, even though some other countries have done this with their nationals.

Speaking to the BBC, he said: "This is not a race to get it wrong. In my professional judgement it would not be safe to bring people together in one location in Khartoum and seek to extract them.

"We've seen incidents of convoys being attacked."

Brig Reeve further explained he thought there had been a "good rate of flow" so far, adding the plan was move about 500 people a day on five aircraft.

Speaking to the BBC at Larnaca Airport, passengers said they were delighted to be going home, but reaching the flight had been difficult because of limited UK government help.

One man said he had to take a bus with his young family and had never been so scared.

Yahya Yahya told the BBC it was "a very difficult time" and he was "thankful that we've finally made it to a safe place".

A British man whose sister managed to be evacuated overnight told the BBC she felt an overwhelming sense of relief to have escaped.

He said at one point she and 13 others had only four dates and one egg left to share between them because it was not safe for them to go out to look for food.

UK nationals arrived in Cyprus on Wednesday morning on their way back to the UK

Around 120 British troops are supporting the evacuation at the Wadi Saeedna airstrip. Downing Street said the British military would defend the airfield in Sudan but clarified efforts would be made to avoid "active engagement" with other forces.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak's official spokesman said the "majority" of those on board the rescue flights were British nationals, but also included some allies' citizens.

"We're calling everyone forward and we have no issue with capacity, and people are being processed smoothly," he said, adding those travelling to the airport were not having significant issues.

Mr Sunak also told the House of Commons on Wednesday the UK "will continue to work to end the bloodshed in Sudan and support a democratic government"."I pay tribute to all those carrying out this complex operation," he said.

Clashes between the Sudanese army and paramilitary group the Rapid Support Forces (RSF) began on 15 April. Hundreds of people have since died and thousands have been injured in the conflict.

Airlifting large numbers of people out of Sudan has been complicated by major airports becoming battlegrounds, and movement out of the capital has been perilous.

Young children were among the British nationals to arrive at Larnaca International Airport

The government is also considering a seaborne evacuation from Port Sudan, some 500 miles from the capital. HMS Lancaster and RFA Cardigan Bay have been sent to the region.

Only British passport holders and immediate family members with existing UK entry clearance are being told they are eligible for the evacuation flights.

Are you a British national who has been evacuated from Sudan? Are you still inside the country? If it is safe to do so, share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Newry in the 1890s was a growing port town with a busy canal, railway and a town hall under construction.

Into this scene, under false pretences, entered a family of Lithuanian Jews. Little did they know that 50 years later, their arrival would ultimately save a descendant's life.

"The family came in 1890 to Newry," Lill Fanny Saether told BBC News NI.

She's been piecing together her ancestors' story for decades.

"They were originally going to America. They were fooled by the captain to think they were in New York but they were in fact in Newry.

"There was a consular in Newry called Stokes and he helped all the people who came from other countries who couldn't speak English.

"So he and his family were of great help to my family."

Lill Fanny Saether visited buildings in Newry where her family lived

Lill began tracing her roots in the mid 1990s, when her children bought her a family tree as a birthday present.

This week she visited Newry to explore some of the buildings that have proved crucial to her very existence.

"The first address was 30 Mill Street," Lill said.

Today, 30 Mill Street is the headquarters of St Vincent de Paul in the city.

But on 1 August, 1906 it was the setting for the wedding of Joseph Mendle and Flossie Freeman - Lill's grandparents.

A marriage certificate shows that Lill's grandparents were married at Mill Street and a birth certificate shows that Elsie was born in on Kilmorey Terrace

The resultant marriage certificate states that Joseph was a draper living at 13 Canal Street and Flossie was the daughter of Abraham Freeman - also a draper.

The document states that 30 Mill Street was her home address at the time of the marriage.

The couple then moved across town to Kilmorey Terrace - a location Lill visited for the first time this week.

"My mother was born here in number seven in 1909," she said.

"It's quite moving. She lived there for two years until 1911. Then the family emigrated to Norway."

A copy of Elsie's birth record issued in 1929 highlights her date of birth as 18 August 1909 and her residence as 7 Kilmorey Terrace.

Elsie (back middle) and her siblings in Norway in 1920

But it was events some 33 years later around 750 miles away in Oslo that would highlight the importance of documents like this.

"They were obviously Jewish and like the other Jewish families were victims of the Nazis occupation and persecution.

"In October and November 1942 they arrested first the men and then all the women and children.

"But because my mother was born here [in the United Kingdom] and had kept her British citizenship she saved her life.

"There were certain nationalities that were exempt and that was those that weren't occupied, that were neutral and those that were allies with Germany."

Elsie's brother and sister were sent to Auschwitz concentration camp

When the Nazis came to the family's apartment they took Elsie's sister, who was born in Norway. Their brother, who was also born in Norway, had already been arrested.

They were sent to Auschwitz during the Holocaust, "so they perished", said Lill.

She added: "But my mother and her mother and my grandfather and the sister that was born here, they were able to escape to Sweden in the middle of December 1942.

"The fact that she was born here...that means I'm alive, and my daughters and my grandchildren."

Sanna Marin was pleased with her party's performance but it was Petteri Orpo's night

"We got the biggest mandate," said the leader of the National Coalition Party, after a dramatic night in which the result gradually swung away from Ms Marin's Social Democrats.

Mr Orpo secured 20.8% of the vote, ahead of the right-wing populist Finns Party and the centre left.

It is a bitter defeat for Ms Marin, who increased her party's seats and secured 19.9% of the vote.

She continues to enjoy high poll ratings and has been widely praised for steering Finland towards imminent entry into Nato and navigating her country through the Covid-19 pandemic.

Shortly after the conservative leader claimed victory, the centre-left leader conceded the election.

"Congratulations to the winner of the elections, congratulations to the National Coalition Party, congratulations to the Finns Party. Democracy has spoken," she told supporters.

For weeks the three parties had been almost level in the polls, and as the results came in it became too close to call. Then a projection from public broadcaster YLE gave Petteri Orpo's National Coalition victory with the biggest number of seats in parliament.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Petteri Orpo, who must now form a majority coalition, speaks after election win

"I think Finnish people want change. They want change and now I will start negotiations, open negotiations with all parties," he said.

There was a mood of euphoria in the camp, said Matti Koivisto, political correspondent with public broadcaster YLE. "When they saw the projection, it was quite clear they were going to win."

Finns Party leader Riikka Purra congratulated her centre-right rival and was herself delighted with the best result in her party's history.

"We're still challenging to be number one, but seven more seats is an excellent result."

The Finns underlined their success by winning more regions than any other party in mainland Finland. Riikka Purra won more votes than any other candidate and commentators highlighted her party's appeal to young voters by reaching out over social media such as TikTok.

Meanwhile, three of the other parties in the outgoing coalition - the Centre Party, Left Alliance and Greens - all rang up big losses.

Now 37, Sanna Marin became the world's youngest leader when she burst on to the political scene in 2019. She headed a coalition of five parties, all led by women.

Despite her successful response to neighbouring Russia's invasion of Ukraine, the election was largely fought on Finland's economy and public debt as all the mainstream parties backed Nato membership. Finland officially becomes Nato's 31st member on Tuesday.

Many Finns see Ms Marin as a polarising figure. She came under heavy scrutiny last year when a video emerged of her singing, dancing and drinking at a party. Supporters said the controversy was steeped in sexism and women across Finland and the world shared videos of themselves dancing in solidarity.

Petteri Orpo by contrast has none of Sanna Marin's "rock-star" qualities, says YLE's Matti Koivisto.

"He's a career politician. He's been in the game since the 1990s and he's quite stable and calm. There is criticism that maybe he's too dull and calm, but it also works quite well in Finland."

The conservatives will have the first opportunity in forming a government, and if they succeed, Mr Orpo, 53, will become the next prime minister.

Under an Orpo-led government, Europe could expect a pro-European conservative from the liberal centre of his party with an emphasis on economic policy.

Less exciting than Sanna Marin and very moderate, says Vesa Vares, professor of contemporary history at the University of Turku: "A sort of dream son-in-law."

Under Finland's system of proportional representation he will have to muster more than 100 seats in the 200-seat parliament to run the country, and that will not be straightforward.

Mr Orpo really has two choices ahead of him, either forming a right-wing coalition with Riikka Purra's nationalist Finns Party or reaching an agreement with Sanna Marin's Social Democrats.

"The Finns are a very difficult partner because they're so inexperienced and they have MPs who are discontented towards almost anything," says Prof Vares.

"The most natural thing would be to co-operate with the Social Democrats. But [Sanna Marin] used to belong to her party's left wing and it's obvious she doesn't like the conservatives."

Politics researcher Jenni Karimaki of the University of Helsinki also points out that Ms Marin has been reluctant to say what her aspirations are.

The Social Democrats have mixed feelings, she says, because while they increased their seats in parliament, they were unable to become the biggest party and renew their premiership.

"But Finnish political culture is known for its flexibility. They are known for their ability to negotiate and form compromises."

King Charles and Queen Camilla have been crowned in a ceremony full of music and symbolism inside Westminster Abbey.

Wearing his grandfather's crimson velvet robe, King Charles took an oath and was anointed with holy oil, before the historic St Edward's Crown was placed on his head.

Conservative MP Penny Mordaunt presented the jewelled sword of offering to the King.

Queen Camilla was crowned in a simpler ceremony with Queen Mary's Crown. She did not take an oath.

Following the ceremony, the King and Queen left to travel through the streets of central London in the Gold State Coach.

They then appeared on the Buckingham Palace balcony alongside other members of the Royal Family to watch a flypast.

Prince Harry attended the ceremony without his wife, Meghan, Duchess of Sussex.

Prince Louis made his signature silly faces and yawned throughout the events.

About 2,200 people, including the Royal Family, celebrities, faith leaders and heads of state, were there to witness the ceremony.

NHS consultants in England have announced two more days of strikes over a long-running pay dispute.

They were already due to strike on Thursday and Friday - and now they will also walk out on 24 and 25 August, the British Medical Association (BMA) said.

The fresh dates were in response to a "derisory" 6% pay rise, said the BMA, a trade union for doctors.

The government said the rise, announced last week, was fair and called the new strike dates disappointing.

During this week's strike and on the new August dates, consultants will provide so-called "Christmas Day cover", which includes emergency care and a small amount of routine work.

Last week, the government announced the 6% pay rise for NHS medics just as junior doctors began their own five-day strike, which is due to end on Tuesday.

The BMA said the pay award amounted to "another real-terms pay cut".

For consultants, the below-inflation pay rise was "nothing short of insulting", the BMA said, and would actually boost pay by less than 6% once "all elements of pay were considered".

A Department of Health and Social Care spokesperson said the government valued NHS staff, "which is why we're giving consultants a fair and reasonable pay rise".

"We've made it clear this pay award is not up for negotiation and it's disappointing the BMA are continuing with disruptive industrial action," they added.

The 6% pay rise is in line with pay review body recommendations, but far below what doctors are asking for.

Consultant pay has fallen 27% since 2008 once the Retail Price Index (RPI) - one measure of inflation - is taken into account but the BMA says the cut is 35% once changes to tax and pension contributions are factored in. The government said it had acted on the BMA's request for pension reform, increasing the tax-free threshold on pensions contributions.

Unlike junior doctors at the start of their dispute, consultants are not asking for full pay restoration in one go. Instead, they want the government to start at least giving pay rises that match inflation.

During 2022, average NHS earnings exceeded £126,000 for consultants - this includes extra pay for additional hours and performance.

Dr Vishal Sharma, chair of the BMA consultants committee, said the strikes were a last resort and that the union had "been left with no choice".

He said the government was "devaluing consultants' expertise" and showing a "lack of regard for the impact this is having on the NHS".

He said the pay body recommendation of a 6% pay rise showed "the need to reform the pay review system" and that the increase was a "savage real-terms pay cut".

Dr Sharma warned of further strikes after August, saying consultants were "in this for the long haul". More than 85% of BMA members backed walkouts in a previous ballot.

"The future of the NHS depends on there being consultants within it, but attacks on their pay will drive them away - from the health service and from the country - with devastating consequences," he said.

Are you a consultant with a view on the strike? Are you a patient affected? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

The reforms are part of efforts by Pope Francis to give women greater representation within the Catholic Church

The Pope will for the first time allow women to vote at an influential global meeting of bishops in October - a move that has been welcomed as a historic first.

The new rules announced on Wednesday will give five religious sisters voting rights at the synod, which is a papal advisory body.

In the past, women were only allowed to attend the gathering as observers.

Men will still cast the majority of the votes at the influential gathering.

Nevertheless, the reforms are seen as a significant shift for the Roman Catholic Church, which has been male-dominated for centuries.

The US-based Women's Ordination Conference, which advocates for women priests, has called the reform "a significant crack in the stained glass ceiling".

"For years Vatican representatives and bishops resisted, moving the goalpost with every synod as to why women were not allowed to vote," the group wrote on Twitter. "The unspoken reason was always sexism."

"In the near future, we hope that the synod continues to develop into a fully representative body of the people of God."

In a further break with tradition, Pope Francis announced that voting rights would also be extended to 70 hand-picked non-clerical members of the religious community, moving the synod away from being a meeting solely of the Church hierarchy.

The Pope, who has championed reform, has said that he hopes half of these will be women and there has also been an emphasis on including young people.

"It's an important change, it's not a revolution," said Cardinal Jean-Claude Hollerich, a top organiser of the synod.

Christopher Lamb, Vatican correspondent for the Catholic news publication The Tablet, told BBC World Service's Newshour programme that the changes were "highly significant" and an attempt by the Pope to make decisions about the Church's future more inclusive.

He added that the reforms concerning women reflected an "unprecedented" dialogue over the issue of female representation that had been happening for some time.

But Mr Lamb predicted the Pope would face "significant resistance" from some parts of the Church over this latest decision.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Uproar on the streets of Paris and jeers in parliament over retirement age increase

Police in Paris have clashed with protesters after the French government decided to force through pension reforms without a vote in parliament.

Crowds converged on Place de la Concorde in response to raising the retirement age from 62 to 64.

The plans had sparked two months of heated political debate and strikes.

Finally, Prime Minister Élisabeth Borne invoked article 49:3 of the constitution - allowing the government to avoid a vote in the Assembly.

The decision was taken minutes before MPs were scheduled to vote on the controversial bill, because there was no guarantee of winning a majority.

The move caused fury among opposition politicians. Many jeered the prime minister, sang La Marseillaise and held up signs of protest in parliament.

A no-confidence motion was filed against President Emmanuel Macron's government on Friday by a group of opposition parties.

Leader of left-wing party La France Insoumise (LFI), Mathilde Panot, tweeted that Mr Macron had plunged the country into a government crisis, without parliamentary or popular legitimacy.

Thousands of people came out on the streets of Paris and other French cities to reject the move, singing the national anthem and waving trade union flags.

Some protesters clashed with police as evening fell. A fire was lit in the middle of the Place de la Concorde and police with shields and batons fired tear gas and moved to clear the square.

By nightfall, 120 people had been arrested, Paris police told AFP news agency.

But unions vowed to maintain their opposition to the pension changes, with the Confédération Générale du Travail (CGT) saying another day of strikes and demonstrations was being planned for Thursday 23 March.

The constitutional procedure that has prompted all this anger may sound obscure, but it is very much part of the political vocabulary in France.

Even though Mr Macron was re-elected last year on a platform of retirement reforms, his ruling coalition has no majority in the Assembly and would have needed support from the Republicans party to pass the pension changes.

Officials from Mr Macron's Renaissance party spent the morning desperately whipping members into line in a bid to pass their bill.

They knew some of their MPs could vote against or abstain, faced with the evident unpopularity of the bill, so they resorted to special constitutional powers.

But whenever a government invokes the 49:3, it can be sure it will be accused straight away of riding roughshod over the will of the people.

In fact, it has been used precisely 100 times in the more than 60 years of the Fifth Republic, and by governments of all shades.

Obviously, it tends to be used more frequently by governments that do not have an in-built majority in parliament, such as the socialist Michel Rocard's in the 1980s and Élisabeth Borne's today.

She has in fact already used it several times, but those occasions were for public finance bills which were less controversial.

Use of the procedure is a way to bypass a vote which might be lost, but the down side for the government is that the opposition parties can immediately table a vote of no-confidence.

If these are voted through, the government falls. That is a theoretical possibility now, but unlikely, because it would mean the far-right, the left and much of the conservative opposition all coming together.

The dispute once again makes France look unreformable. By comparison with other countries in Europe, the change to the pension age is far from dramatic.

But the bill is regularly described by opponents as "brutal", "inhuman" and "degrading".

Morale in France is low and getting lower, and people see retirement as a bright spot in the future. But many feel that this is a rich man's government taking even that away.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Former deputy prime minister Dominic Raab will stand down as an MP at the next election.

His decision, first reported in The Telegraph, comes a month after he resigned as a minister when a bullying inquiry found he had acted in an "intimidating" way towards officials.

The paper quotes Mr Raab as saying he is concerned about "the pressure the job has placed on my young family".

Mr Raab and his wife have two sons, aged 10 and eight.

Since becoming an MP in 2010, Mr Raab has served in many ministerial roles.

In 2018 then-prime minister Theresa May appointed him as Brexit secretary, a job he quit less than six months laterover Theresa May's draft Brexit deal.

Boris Johnson picked him to be his foreign secretary and first secretary of state - the latter role meant he was left in charge of running the country when Mr Johnson was hospitalised with Covid in April 2020.

Mr Raab has also been a close ally of Rishi Sunak, supporting him in last summer's Conservative leadership race.

Mr Sunak rewarded his loyalty when he became prime minister, making Mr Raab both his justice secretary and deputy prime minister.

Mr Raab confirmed to BBC News that he would not seek re-election as the MP for Esher and Walton, which he has represented since 2010 and won with a majority of 2,743 votes in 2019.

In a letter from Mr Raab to his constituency, seen by the Telegraph, the MP said it had been a "huge honour to represent the Conservatives since 2010 in this wonderful constituency".

His departure from Parliament means the Conservatives will have to find a new candidate for the Surrey constituency.

The Liberal Democrats, who are targeting his seat at the next election, called on him to "do the decent and honest thing" and stand down immediately, triggering a by-election to replace him.

"People in Esher and Walton deserve better than to have a MP found guilty of bullying, who has now thrown in the towel," said the party's deputy leader Daisy Cooper.

Mr Raab joins a growing number of senior Conservatives deciding not to stand in the next general election, expected in 2024.

Former ministers including Sajid Javid and George Eustice have also announced their intention to leave the House of Commons.

In all, 53 MPs from different parties have said they would stand down at the next election.

Mr Raab was at the centre of months of speculation when bullying allegations from civil servants led to an inquiry into the MP's conduct.

The report - conducted by senior lawyer Adam Tolley KC - concluded Mr Raab had engaged in an "abuse or misuse of power" as foreign secretary.

The findings prompted Mr Raab to step down, but in his resignation letter he noted that the inquiry "dismissed all but two of the claims levelled against me".

He also said the inquiry was "flawed and sets a dangerous precedent" and would "encourage spurious complaints against ministers, and have a chilling effect on those driving change on behalf of your government - and ultimately the British people".

Responding to his decision to quit as an MP, fellow Conservative Angela Richardson tweeted: "His constituents will miss his dedication. I am happy for his young family though. This job is tough enough on family life as a simple backbencher, let alone being in Cabinet."

Kevin Spacey spent around three hours in the witness box today, his evidence tested by the prosecutor.

The actor projected his voice at times when denying the allegations and told the court he “definitely” misread the signs from one of the four male complainants - but had consensual agreements with two others.

Spacey, an Oscar winner, also denied drugging and performing a sex act on one of the complainants while he was asleep. Spacey said one of the allegations, that he grabbed a man’s crotch, was completely untrue.

The prosecutor suggested he had used his position of power and fame. The actor said he didn’t have a “power wand” that he waved in front of people’s faces whenever he wanted someone to go to bed with him.

He also admitted feeling “lonely” after becoming famous. Asked if he reached out to people sexually in order to ease the burden, he replied: “Welcome to life. Yes, yes I did”.

Spacey denies the charges and the trial continues.

Huw Edwards has been named as the BBC presenter at the centre of days of allegations and speculation.

The Sun newspaper first reported that the presenter, who was not named, was alleged to have paid a young person for sexually explicit photos. Other people have since alleged inappropriate contact.

Here is a timeline of events:

The parents of the young person contacted South Wales Police. The force said the information related to "the welfare of an adult", and that "no criminality was identified".

A family member went to a BBC building to make a complaint about the behaviour of a BBC presenter, according to the corporation.

The family member made a 29-minute call to the BBC's audience services team, which then referred it to the BBC's corporate investigations team.

They decided the complaint didn't include an allegation of criminality, but did merit further investigation. It "was very serious", according to director general Tim Davie.

The investigations unit said they emailed the complainant to ask for more information so they could verify the claims, and carried out checks to verify the identity of the complainant.

The corporate investigations team had received no reply to the email so tried to call the mobile number provided by the complainant. They said the call didn't connect.

However, the Sun later reported that "the family say no-one from the corporation rang them for a proper interview after the initial complaint".

The BBC said no additional attempts to contact the complainant were made after this date, but the case "remained open".

The Sun newspaper told the BBC via the corporate press office about allegations concerning Edwards. According to the BBC, the claims made by the Sun contained new allegations, which were different from those received by the investigations team.

The BBC said this was the first time Mr Davie or any executive directors were made aware of the case. They set up an incident management group to lead the response.

A senior manager spoke to the presenter about the allegations, and Edwards first learned of the allegations on this day, his wife said. The BBC said it was agreed that he shouldn't appear on air while the allegations were being investigated.

When later asked why the presenter was not spoken to sooner, Mr Davie said: "You don't take that complaint directly to the presenter unless it has been verified."

The Sun's first story was published, about the mother's claims that an unnamed BBC presenter paid their child tens of thousands of pounds for explicit photos over three years, beginning when they were 17. That raised questions about whether the behaviour was illegal.

The paper quoted the mother as saying the young person used the money to fund a crack cocaine habit, and that she was worried her child could "wind up dead".

The young person sent a WhatsApp message to the paper on this evening denying the claims, saying their mother's statement was "totally wrong and there was no truth to it", according to a later letter from their lawyer.

In its first public statement, the BBC said any information would "be acted upon appropriately, in line with internal processes".

The BBC also made contact with the Metropolitan Police.

The Sun published further allegations, quoting the mother as saying the presenter was pictured in his underwear "ready for my child to perform for him".

The BBC said it received some materials from the family member regarding the complaint on this and the following day.

Meanwhile, following speculation about the star's identity on social media, BBC presenters including Gary Lineker, Jeremy Vine, Rylan Clark and Nicky Campbell denied involvement to publicly clear their names.

The BBC said it had suspended a male staff member and was "working as quickly as possible to establish the facts in order to properly inform appropriate next steps".

The Sun reported that the presenter allegedly made two calls to the young person and asked them "what have you done", and appealed to them to call their mother to "stop the investigation".

Representatives from the BBC met detectives from the Met's Specialist Crime Command, but there was "no investigation at this time".

In a letter to the BBC, the lawyer representing the young person at the centre of the original allegations disputed their mother's account of events, saying "the allegations reported in the Sun newspaper are rubbish".

The letter claimed the young person sent the newspaper a denial on Friday, but that it proceeded to publish "their inappropriate article".

In response, the Sun said it had "reported a story about two very concerned parents who made a complaint to the BBC about the behaviour of a presenter and the welfare of their child".

Their complaint "was not acted upon by the BBC" and it had "seen evidence that supports their concerns", the Sun added. "It's now for the BBC to properly investigate."

The parents told the Sun they stood by their account. The step-father was quoted as saying the allegations were originally put to the BBC "for an hour".

During a press conference to launch the BBC's annual report and an interview with Radio 4, Mr Davie gave more details of the corporation's response.

The director general said he wanted to examine whether the BBC raises "red flags quick enough" when such complaints are made.

The BBC accepted there were "lessons to be learned following this exercise", and the organisation's group chief operating officer will assess whether protocols and procedures are appropriate.

On Tuesday afternoon, another young person told BBC News they had felt threatened by the presenter.

The individual in their early 20s said they were contacted on a dating app and pressured to meet up, but never did. When the young person hinted online that they might name the presenter, they were sent abusive messages.

Jeremy Vine said the presenter "should now come forward publicly" because the new allegations "will result in yet more vitriol being thrown at perfectly innocent colleagues" and the BBC "is on its knees with this".

The Sun alleged that the presenter broke Covid lockdown rules to meet a 23-year-old, who he had met on a dating site.

The paper also published what it said was an Instagram chat between the presenter and a 17-year-old, in which the presenter sent messages including love heart emojis.

Detectives ended their assessment of the details and decided there was no information to indicate that a criminal offence had been committed.

Edwards' wife Vicky Flind named him as the BBC presenter at the centre of the allegations.

She said she was doing so "primarily out of concern for his mental well-being and to protect our children".

Edwards was "suffering from serious mental health issues", she said. "As is well documented, he has been treated for severe depression in recent years. The events of the last few days have greatly worsened matters, he has suffered another serious episode and is now receiving in-patient hospital care where he'll stay for the foreseeable future.

"Once well enough to do so, he intends to respond to the stories that have been published.

"To be clear, Huw was first told that there were allegations being made against him last Thursday."

Mr Davie sent an email to staff saying an internal investigation would continue now police were no longer involved.

The Sun said it had no plans to publish further allegations, and would "provide the BBC team with a confidential and redacted dossier containing serious and wide-ranging allegations which we have received, including some from BBC personnel".

The BBC reported fresh allegations of inappropriate behaviour by Edwards towards junior staff. Two current workers and one former member of staff claimed they were sent messages that made them uncomfortable.

President Putin carrying a photograph of his father during last year's Victory Day celebrations

Several Russian cities have announced they will scale back this year's Victory Day celebrations.

Russian authorities have cited security reasons and attacks from pro-Ukrainian forces for the changes.

Explosions and fires have occurred in Russia in recent weeks.

But some have argued that the reduced events show the Kremlin is nervous about celebrations turning into shows of dissent against its invasion of Ukraine.

Great pomp and shows of military might are the usual hallmarks of Victory Day, which marks the Soviet Union's victory over Nazi Germany on 9 May 1945.

One of the day's most recognisable events is the Immortal Regiment procession, which sees people across the country marching holding photographs of their relatives who fought in World War Two.

Last year, President Vladimir Putin led the procession across Red Square in Moscow while holding a photograph of his father in uniform.

This year, however, the Immortal Regiment "will be held in other formats for security reasons", lawmaker and organiser Yelena Tsunayeva told journalists last month.

According to a news release on the Immortal Regiment of Russia's website, Ms Tsunayeva suggested that those wishing to commemorate their relatives should instead place photos of war veterans in car windows, transfer their image to items of clothing, or change their social media avatars.

Some commentators have said that an in-person Immortal Regiment procession could end up highlighting the number of Russian losses in Ukraine.

Dmitry Kolezev, a journalist and editor of a liberal news website, now living in exile, said that had the procession not been cancelled, people would have "almost certainly come to the Immortal Regiment with portraits of those who died in Ukraine, and the number of recent photographs may turn out to be depressingly large".

Mr Kolezev also said that the authorities might be concerned that a large gathering of people could snowball into a show of dissent. "History knows of examples when loyal events turned into protests," he said on Telegram.

Viktor Muchnik, the former editor-in-chief of a Siberian TV network, who has also left the country, said the Russian state was "maniacally suspicious" and was less concerned about a "hypothetical terrorist attack" than it was about damage to its image.

He said that the Kremlin might fear that the procession will show "too many portraits of those who died not 80 years ago, but over the past year".

"This will give an idea of the hidden extent of the disaster," Mr Muchnik said in an interview.

Meanwhile, the world-famous parade of military equipment on Moscow's Red Square, which is traditionally observed by President Putin, will be strictly closed off to the public.

Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said that Russia's security services were working to ensure the safety of the parade against "terrorist attacks".

"We are of course aware that the Kyiv regime, which is behind a number of such attacks, terrorist acts, plans to continue its campaign. All our special services are doing everything possible to ensure security," he said.

Two separate fires at fuel storage facilities have broken out in the last few days in southern Russia and in Russian-occupied Crimea, including one on Wednesday morning in the Krasnodar region near a bridge leading to the occupied Crimean Peninsula.

This week, two separate explosions in the Russian border region of Bryansk derailed freight trains, while power lines were destroyed by a suspected explosive device in Leningrad Region.

Although none of these attacks have been claimed by Ukraine, Kyiv's military has said that undermining Russia's logistics formed part of preparations for its long-expected counter-offensive.

A poster for a West End play featuring a wedding cake was banned by Transport for London (TfL) because it was seen to promote "foods high in fat, salt and sugar".

The ad for Tony n' Tina's Wedding, a dinner show at Wonderville, Haymarket, featured a three-tier sponge cake.

The team spent £20,000 on the posters to go on London's transport network.

A TfL spokesperson said: "We are always happy to work with brands to help them follow our advertising policy."

The interactive show is set at an Italian-American wedding, with a three-course meal, live music and dancing.

Producer Paul Gregg told BBC London they could not run the posters after they delivered them to TfL.

The revised poster, right, depicted wedding guests instead

"They said 'you can't put these up, they've got cake on'," he said. "It was a bit of a surprise... the poster was designed at great expense to begin with."

His team spent a week creating the new design, costing an additional £5,000.

TfL said it refused to run 20 adverts displaying foods and non alcoholic drinks that were high in fat, sugar or salt, in the year 2021/22.

A TfL spokesperson added: "We welcome all advertising on our network that complies with our published guidance."

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

A powerful cyclone has hit the coastlines of Bangladesh and Myanmar after intensifying into the equivalent of a category-five storm.

Cyclone Mocha did not make landfall at the sprawling refugee camp in Cox's Bazar as earlier feared, but still tore apart hundreds of makeshift shelters.

At least six people have been reported dead in Myanmar.

Up to 90 per cent of the western Rakhine state's capital city Sittwe has been destroyed, residents told the BBC.

The Burmese military has declared the whole of Rakhine as a natural disaster area.

By late Sunday, the storm had largely passed. Bangladesh's disaster official Kamrul Hasan said the cyclone caused "no major damage", but landslides and floods are still hitting the country. No casualties have been reported in Bangladesh so far.

Myanmar appears to have borne more direct impact, with the storm crashing through houses and cutting power lines in Rakhine state. Myanmar's meteorological department said it pounded through the country at about 209km/h (130 mph).

Camps for displaced Rohingya in the state have also been ripped apart.

Local media reported that a 14-year-old boy were among those reported dead - he was killed by a falling tree in the state.

Electricity and wireless connections were disrupted across much of Sittwe. Footage online showed roofs being blown off houses, telecom towers brought down, and billboards flying off buildings amid teeming rain across the region.

Authorities have declared Rakhine state a natural disaster area, while the Myanmar Red Cross Society said it was "preparing for a major emergency response".

Myanmar appears to have borne more direct impact from the cyclone

Villagers in Myanmar flee their homes as the storm approaches

Authorities in Bangladesh had evacuated 750,000 people ahead of the storm.

The streets of Cox's Bazar emptied as the cyclone intensified - the skies darkened, the winds picked up pace and the rains pounded down.

Hundreds of people crammed into a school which had been turned into a temporary cyclone shelter.

Mothers with babies, young children, the elderly and the frail packed into any available space in the classrooms, sleeping on desks and sitting under them.

As many arrived at the shelter in rickshaws and on foot, they brought their livestock - cattle, chickens, goats - as well as mats to sleep on.

They had come from fishing and coastal villages up to two hours away, making a difficult choice.

"I didn't want to leave my house," said Sumi Akter, who lives on a riverbank.

Sumi and others we met here say they have lived through other cyclones in recent years and are resigned to the regular pattern of leaving their homes to the mercy of nature.

Storm surges of up to four metres could swamp villages in low-lying areas. Sumi and others here are fearful their homes may be submerged.

"I wish the homes we lived in were built more strongly," she said.

Jannat, aged 17, whom we had met the day before in the same shelter, said she too was terrified of what might happen to her home on the riverbank.

Last year, another cyclone, Sitrang, destroyed her house, forcing her to spend what little money she had on repairing it.

"How can I live if this keeps happening? I can't afford to rebuild it - we are very poor," she said.

Nature was also punishing the poor in the world's largest refugee camp nearby.

Bangladesh's government does not allow Rohingya refugees to leave the camps, nor to build permanent structures.

As the cyclone hit, they hunkered down in flimsy bamboo shelters with tarpaulin roofs. Some were moved to community shelters within the camps, which offered little more protection.

Authorities told the BBC that more than 1,300 shelters were damaged by the wind, as were 16 mosques and learning centres. Trees had fallen in the camps, while two landslides also caused some damage.

The tarpaulin that covered Mohammed Ayub's shelter was torn off by the winds. Now he and his family of eight are living in the open, in wet and miserable weather.

Having spent the days before terrified of what Cyclone Mocha could bring, Mohammed was relieved the camps didn't take a direct hit from the storm.

Mizanur Rahman, from the Refugee Relief and Repatriation Commissioner, said that as far as he was aware, there were no casualties in the camps as a result of the cyclone.

Families with young children are crammed into makeshift cyclone refuges

Evacuees at one cyclone shelter told the BBC they were worried about the lack of food

Forecasters warned Cyclone Mocha could be the most powerful storm seen in Bangladesh in nearly two decades.

The Bangladeshi meteorological department office said the maximum sustained wind speed within 75km (45 miles) of the centre of the cyclone was about 195km/h (120mph), with gusts and squalls of 215km/h.

In preparation for the storm's arrival, nearby airports had been shut, fishermen were ordered to suspend their work and 1,500 shelters set up as people from vulnerable areas were moved to safer spots.

In 2008, Cyclone Nargis tore through the southern coastal regions of Myanmar, killing almost 140,000 people and severely affecting millions. Most of those who died were killed by a 3.5 metre wall of water that hit the low-lying Irrawaddy Delta.

Have you been affected by the issues raised in this story? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Head teacher Ruth Perry took her own life in January

The school run by a head teacher who took her own life after a critical Ofsted report has been rated as good after a new inspection.

Ruth Perry died in January after being told Caversham Primary School in Berkshire was being downgraded from outstanding to inadequate.

The school was re-inspected after Ms Perry's death, which prompted an outpouring of anger about the system.

Ofsted has defended its one-word grades, which are not being scrapped.

The head teacher's sister Prof Julia Waters said it was a "very bittersweet moment", but confirmed "what anyone who knew Ruth and the school knew all along".

She said one-word grades do not give an accurate reflection of the strengths and weaknesses "of a complex organisation like a school".

Her sister's case showed how it is "terribly, potentially fatally dangerous to try to sum up everything in one word", she told BBC Radio 4's The World Tonight programme.

Her loss has been "absolutely devastating to so many people" she said, adding: "The ripple effect of her death is immeasurable. The harm done by that one word is absolutely immeasurable".

Ofsted inspected the school again in June in line with government guidelines to monitor schools that need to improve - and not as a result of Ms Perry's death.

In their latest report, seen by the BBC, the watchdog said: "The school's work to address previous weaknesses has been swift, thorough and effective."

The primary school was initially inspected in November 2022 and subsequently rated inadequate after concerns were raised over leadership and management.

Ms Perry's family said the inspection process caused her significant distress.

For Caversham Primary school this is a bittersweet moment for staff and parents.

It's just six months since Ruth Perry's suicide left a gaping hole in the school community.

For her colleagues this is recognition of everything they have done.

For her family it raises again the question of whether the stakes of Ofsted inspection have been far too high for headteachers.

MPs are to hold an inquiry in the autumn looking at how the inspection system is working. It won't consider the circumstances around Ruth Perry's death, which will be examined by a coroner.

The new report said useful advice was sought from beyond the school straight after the last inspection.

"In particular, this helped leaders to understand fully the extent of the weaknesses in safeguarding arrangements and prioritise what needed to be done," the report said.

In a statement, the head teacher's sister Ms Waters said staff at the school who had worked with or been trained by Ms Perry had never been anything other than "excellent, caring and professional".

She added: "The reversal of the previous judgement in a matter of a few months illustrates why schools should be given the opportunity to correct any technical weaknesses before the final report is published.

"An inspection should be about helping schools with independent scrutiny, not catching them out and publicly shaming them."

"That Ruth was left feeling suicidal as a result of Ofsted's previous judgement demonstrates, in the most tragic way possible, the intolerably high stakes created by the current inspection system," she added.

An inquest later this year will fully investigate Ms Perry's death, which also prompted a wider debate about whether one-word grades for schools make sense.

In their latest report Ofsted said the arrangements for safeguarding at Caversham Primary School were effective.

"A positive culture of safeguarding now pervades the school," it added.

Last month, Ofsted announced changes to its inspection system.

These included allowing schools that were given an inadequate rating over safeguarding to be re-inspected within three months, giving them a chance to be re-graded if they have addressed concerns.

Ofsted previously said it always strived to make inspections "as positive an experience for school staff as they can be".

MPs have now launched an inquiry into Ofsted's school inspections, looking at how useful they are to parents, governors and schools in England.

Amanda Spielman, the watchdog's chief inspector, previously told the BBC the "whole school accountability system" was built around the one-word judgements.

She acknowledged there were issues around accountability at schools but said scrapping one-word judgements "wouldn't really solve the underlying discomfort".

The Department for Education has also defended one-word inspections.

It said they "succinctly summarise independent evaluations on the quality of education, safeguarding, and leadership which parents greatly rely on to give them confidence in choosing the right school for their child".

It said the government used them to "highlight success, identify schools that need support and to trigger intervention where necessary."

Watch the story of head teacher, Ruth Perry, who took her life after her school's rating was downgraded by Ofsted.

Follow BBC South on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to south.newsonline@bbc.co.uk.

Steven Bridges told the BBC he thought Threads could be good for new influencers

Thirty million may have signed up for Meta's newly launched Threads app, but what do its users actually think?

Threads, pitched as a "friendly" rival to Twitter, has many similar features to the other social media platform.

Its lead feature is allowing users to instantly create a network with people they follow on Instagram.

And Steven Bridges, a YouTuber with 448k followers, told the BBC he saw Threads as a "much-needed competitor" to Twitter.

"Right now, there are a lot of people not happy at all with how Twitter's being run," he said.

"Threads gives them a potentially viable place to engage in the same way that they would use Twitter.

"People sort of know that Meta can run a social media company, so it gives a little bit of confidence that as it scales it will stick around and hopefully be well-moderated."

Steven said that he expected Threads to see an influx of content creators, who will typically create profiles on new social media platforms to attract an audience.

"Almost every influencer, whether they like it or not, or whether they want Threads to succeed or fail, will be hopping on Threads just in case it does succeed," he said.

"There is potentially a small advantage or a large advantage to being an early adopter of Threads - you certainly will have less people in the Threads ecosystem, so maybe you can get more followers quicker or something like that.

"Particularly, it's going to be relevant to new influencers that want to gain an audience... because if you post early and post regularly, perhaps you'll grow as the platform itself grows."

Dhruti Shah, creative lead at consultancy Have You Thought About and a former BBC journalist, called Threads "really exciting" as a new platform, but said it might be hard for users to cut through the noise.

"Right now it honestly feels like you're at an ice skating rink, where everybody's jumping on and everyone's piling in," she said.

"Some people say they're going to be super amazing, because they've got a voice everywhere and a brand and a platform.

"Other people like me - because I'm not the best ice skater - are slipping and sliding and hoping that they don't get their fingers cut by falling over.

"That can be fun, but it does mean it's going to take a bit of time to understand what Threads is actually for, and when you're in a place that's really fast-paced, it can be quite overwhelming."

Dhruti Shah said Threads users are trying to "showcase their digital presence"

Meanwhile, Doug Brown, an artist and Edinburgh black cab driver, said he was interested in Threads as it brought together elements from Twitter, Facebook and Instagram.

"If I was to create a social networking app, I'd definitely model my app with the best of what the top social media apps offers us," he said.

"Threads by Instagram for me has achieved that, the Threads app looks like Twitter, but the app has brought a lot of the easy-to-use features from Instagram and Facebook together.

"So far I'm impressed with Threads."

Dr Ysabel Gerrard, senior lecturer in digital communication at the University of Sheffield, wondered if any app could truly "replace" Twitter.

"I just don't know if that really can happen, because Twitter was its own thing," she said.

"It had its own vibe and you were never going to be able to recreate what happened, because that culture accumulated over years and years and years".

"[Threads] is so tied to Instagram in terms of functionality, even just the branding, the associations that we're all making when we talk about it and in the press, and so on. I think it's going to be seen as almost like a TV programme spin off. That's how I see it in my mind."

Selena Lau, eight, was "intelligent, cheeky and loved"

A former pupil and residents near a school where an eight-year-old girl died when a Land Rover crashed through a wall have been paying tribute.

Flowers and tributes have been left at the Wimbledon school after police removed the cordon.

Several people including a baby girl were taken to hospital after the incident at The Study Preparatory School on Thursday.

An eight-year-old girl and a woman in her 40s remain in a critical condition.

People came to pay their respects on Saturday at Wilberforce House

A 46-year-old woman who was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving has been released on bail.

Amelia, 19, attended The Study Preparatory School in 2015. She and her brother laid flowers down on Saturday afternoon to pay their respects.

"I think the Study is a tightly knit community, it's quite a small school so even after people left, we are all together," she said.

"We came to pay our respects because it's not just a school, it's a community as well."

Max Austin, a councillor for Wimbledon, said his sister also used to attend.

"This is normally a very happy time here, everything is decorated for the tennis, the kids will get involved with it and the schools. There's a sort of crude juxtaposition between the festive atmosphere here in Wimbledon and now this," he said.

In a statement released earlier Selena was described by her family as an intelligent and cheeky girl. An end-of-term tea party had been taking place at the south-west London school when the Land Rover crashed through the fence and into a building.

Parents with a young child paid their respects at the scene of the crash and said everyone had been affected by it.

"Everyone is questioning how it could've happened," they said.

People came to leave flowers by The Study Preparatory School

Thomas Barlow, a councillor for Wimbledon Village, said everyone was shocked and it was horrendous it could happen on the last day of term.

"The whole village is in shock, a lot of the people had connections to this school," he said.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Outside of the course there are peer support groups, exercise classes and dinners

Motherhood is often thought to be one of life's best experiences, but many mums find it lonely.

When Bethanie Casey had her babies she couldn't understand why she was feeling so low.

Living in Norton, Powys, Ms Casey experienced residual postnatal depression after both pregnancies.

She is one of a number of women who benefitted from an intervention service, delivered by the charity Mind, for mums with mental health challenges.

Ms Casey, 28, said she "had this realisation one day: Why did I feel so down? Why was I so tired? Why did I feel so alone?"

She had "no family or friends around" and her partner was working 65-hour weeks.

A health visitor suggested she enrol in a course called Mums Matter.

It was founded by Tracy Lewis, who works for Mind, after she spotted a major need to help mothers with isolation and loneliness in rural Wales.

Bethanie says "no-one judged" her for saying what she felt at the group

The course lasts for eight weeks and each week focuses on a different subject.

Ms Lewis said: "I think the really hard-hitting [week] is usually three, which is the unhelpful thinking patterns and when we look at strategies to why they have got unhelpful thinking, how we can break the unhelpful thinking."

The charity said the project has helped more than 400 mums, who can either be self-referred or referred by a healthcare professional, if they are over 18.

Alongside the course, several of the mums have volunteered to create a peer support group.

"I just felt so safe and embraced there, and it was a place to honestly express how I was feeling - the loneliness, the guilt, the intrusive thoughts - and no one judged me," Ms Casey said.

She said her "life has changed" because she realised she was not alone.

"Before, I was stuck in those negative patterns and cycles, and I couldn't get out of the hole. Now I've got somebody giving me a ladder, getting me right out."

Mum-of-three Becca Hughes, 29, from Builth Wells, has also taken part in the course.

Ms Hughes had a baby with a new partner who then died unexpectedly.

She said raising her children alone while grieving "put a huge strain on my mental state".

"Life got so difficult in the following years that I attempted to take my own life," she said.

Becca has become a volunteer to help other mums like her

Ms Hughes, who has attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and autism, said she found "some social situations quite difficult" but felt like she "fitted in" with the group in ways she did not with other mother and baby groups.

"I used to think I was mad for thinking this thing, and then I'd go there and someone would say it and I was like 'oh my God I'm not mad'," she said.

"It's changed my life," she added, particularly the week where she learnt to "deal with negative thoughts and handling pressures".

Wilna says she is able to understand her feelings better after doing the Mums Matter course

Wilna Evans, 31, moved to Wales from South Africa with her family as a child.

She later met and married her husband, Geraint, and stayed behind with him when the rest of her family returned to South Africa in 2015.

"Being a farmer's wife can be lonely at the best of times, let alone when your entire family gets on a plane back to South Africa. I felt as though I had no-one," Mrs Evans said.

"My husband single-handedly looks after 2,000 sheep and 100 cattle. It's a seven-day-a-week job, so when I had my first daughter in 2019, I had absolutely no help.

"I had a lot of anger and frustration built up, I didn't know why I was getting really angry at everything."

Wilna Evans says the family dynamic works well now she understands how to "set boundaries" and give herself time away from the children

Mrs Evans said she was "surviving not thriving" and felt "incredibly lonely".

She enrolled on the course, which she said helped her to figure out how to manage motherhood and maintain her own identity.

Now the children stay with their dad on the farm twice a week, while she takes time to herself and works in the community farm shop.

"I feel part of a community now, like-minded women, we can all ring each other whenever we want," she said.

Namrata Bhardwa says the group is a space to talk about the "cultural issues" she experienced

Namrata Bhardwa, 29, also found living in rural Wales difficult with a new baby.

She grew up in Coventry, which had "really strong Asian communities and influence", before moving to to Rhayader, Powys, where "the nearest temple is two hours away".

She took part in the project and found it helped her to "explore all kinds of often-taboo issues relating to motherhood, from mental health to postnatal sex, in a completely non-judgmental and often light-hearted way".

Simon Jones from Mind Cymru said as many as one in four mums experience mental health challenges during pregnancy.

He said a recent report from the Maternal Mental Health Alliance showed all seven Welsh health boards had increased their budgets for perinatal mental health services.

"Clearly good work is underway, but there are still issues around budget underspend and standards not being met, and more work for health boards to do to make sure that every woman in Wales has the same level of access to high quality, accessible care," he said.

Deputy Minister for Mental Health and Wellbeing Lynne Neagle said having a baby "can be a challenging time mentally and physically" but said the project was "a fantastic example" of early intervention.

For details of organisations which offer advice and support, go to BBC Action Line.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Captain Sir Tom Moore became famous for his fundraising efforts during the first coronavirus lockdown

The daughter of Capt Sir Tom Moore has been told to knock down an unauthorised building used as a spa after a planning application was rejected.

Hannah Ingram-Moore and her husband used the Captain Tom Foundation name on the first plans for the building, with later revised plans turned down.

The charity is also no longer taking donations or making payments due to an ongoing inquiry into its finances.

Ms Ingram-Moore and the foundation have been contacted for comment.

Central Bedfordshire Council said the demolition order was subject to an appeal to the Planning Inspectorate.

The Army veteran walked 100 laps of his Bedfordshire garden at the start of the first coronavirus lockdown in 2020, raising £33m for NHS Charities Together.

Capt Sir Tom, who was born in Keighley, West Yorkshire, died in 2021 aged 100.

Capt Sir Tom won the nation's hearts with his fundraising walk, which took in 100 laps of his garden

After he became an international figure, his family set up a separate charity in his name.

In a statement on the Captain Tom Foundation website, the charity said its "sole focus...is to ensure that it cooperates fully with the on-going statutory inquiry by the Charity Commission".

"As a result, The Captain Tom Foundation is not presently actively seeking any funding from donors. Accordingly, we have also taken the decision to close all payment channels whilst the statutory inquiry remains open," it said.

The statement added that when the inquiry concluded it would "be in a better position to make a decision in relation to its future".

When the inquiry was started a year ago, the Charity Commission said "concerns have mounted" over the charity and independence from a business run by Capt Sir Tom's family.

Capt Sir Tom's daughter, Hannah Ingram-Moore, set up a charity following the veteran's death

Hannah Ingram-Moore is the younger of Capt Sir Tom's two daughters and lived with the Army veteran at the family home in Marston Moretaine, Bedfordshire.

It has emerged the Ingram-Moores requested planning permission for a "Captain Tom Foundation Building", which was "for use by occupiers... and Captain Tom Foundation", according to documents submitted to Central Bedfordshire Council in August 2021.

The local authority granted permission for the single-storey structure to be built on the tennis courts at the Grade II-listed home, as first reported in The Sun.

Then, in February 2022, the family submitted revised plans for the already partly constructed building, which called it the "Captain Tom Building".

The plans included a spa pool, toilets and a kitchen, which the Design & Access and Heritage Statement said was "for private use".

In November 2022, Central Bedfordshire Council refused the retrospective planning permission for the revised plans.

A council spokesperson said: "An enforcement notice requiring the demolition of the now-unauthorised building was issued and this is now subject to an appeal to the Planning Inspectorate."

The Captain Tom Moore Foundation did not respond to the BBC's request for comment on the planning application, but told The Sun the trustees were unaware and "would not have authorised" the plans had they known.

Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp us on 0800 169 1830

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Police forces are failing vulnerable women who say they have been sexually exploited by officers, the BBC has learned.

One woman says a detective pursued a sexual relationship in texts and repeatedly visited her home.

Evidence has been deleted in "botched" inquiries and out of 500 allegations of officers abusing their position, just 24 were charged, according to BBC data.

The Home Office said it was taking action to root out predatory officers.

Police sexual misconduct is under the spotlight like never before following the rape and murder of Sarah Everard by serving officer Wayne Couzens, and the uncovering of serial rapist David Carrick.

Now the BBC has learned that individual forces are failing vulnerable women in "botched" or delayed investigations which are taking years to complete and rarely leading to misconduct sanctions or criminal charges.

Women are being let down by forces whose officers have "preyed upon" them, says Dame Vera Baird, the former victims' commissioner.

"There couldn't be a bigger breach of confidence and faith."

Interviews with multiple former police officers and women, leaked documents and freedom of information request responses reveal:

Charlotte Smith, 28, says she has been stalked and harassed by a Warwickshire police officer over a two-and-a-half-year period.

She first met Det Sgt Paul Whitehurst when she was a young adult, known to the police as a potential victim of grooming.

Years later, she bumped into Whitehurst in a bar, at a time when she was facing an ongoing legal dispute with her ex-partner. She says he then persistently pursued a sexual relationship with her in WhatsApp messages seen by the BBC.

"I'd love to spend a night with you, in a real bedroom, hotel, whatever," read one message from the officer.

One of the messages sent to Charlotte by Whitehurst

After a relationship which lasted a number of months, Charlotte complained to the force in September 2020 about his conduct.

The officer then began visiting her home without invitation, despite Charlotte making further complaints to the force and sending him messages asking to be left alone.

One visit was recorded on a doorbell camera. Det Sgt Whitehurst is seen standing outside Charlotte's home at 22:45 in the evening, repeatedly pressing her doorbell.

Charlotte says she rang Warwickshire Police while hiding under the duvet of her bed but officers took 45 minutes to arrive at her home, and they didn't take a statement.

"There was no urgency," she says, despite having been told there were "red flags" placed on her address after previous visits.

Doorbell camera footage of Det Sgt Whitehurst outside Charlotte Smith's house (lines in foreground are a spider's web)

Whitehurst - who is 20 years older than Charlotte - was suspended last year. The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) recommended 18 months ago that he face a gross misconduct hearing, but this is yet to happen.

Charlotte says persistent harassment over two and a half years - despite her numerous complaints - has left her feeling powerless.

"He works in the anti-corruption and professional standards department [PSD], that's the place you complain to - so what hope have you got?" she says.

In a phone call with the BBC, Whitehurst denied abusing his position for a sexual purpose and said he did not regard Charlotte as vulnerable when he met her again.

He said the WhatsApp messages seen by the BBC were not "familiar" to him and the visit to Charlotte's home was made out of concern for her.

Warwickshire Police says the allegations are "extremely serious" but it cannot state what steps it has taken to protect Charlotte, because of ongoing investigations. These, it says, have to be completed before a gross misconduct hearing.

All forces have their own internal professional standards teams which carry out investigations into officer misconduct - although cases can sometimes be conducted by the IOPC.

But BBC News has learned of crucial evidence being deleted relating to officers under investigation by their PSD.

One woman - a victim of child sexual abuse with complex mental health problems - told Bedfordshire Police officers that she had been raped by an inspector.

Her claims were recorded on police body-worn video during two separate visits to her home.

The BBC has learned that footage of both visits was later deleted. On one of these occasions, the inspector accused by the woman was in charge of the control room which handles callouts.

Dame Vera Baird: "There couldn't be a bigger breach of confidence and faith"

The officer has always denied the rape allegation. He initially said his relationship with the woman was platonic before later admitting they had sex. Investigators found that his police radio GPS linked him to her home. An allegation that the inspector had previously sent racist messages was also uncovered as part of the investigation.

Bedfordshire Police says the deletion of the footage was an "administrative error" and that interviews with the woman took place in response - however, one expert says that these would have different value as evidence.

The force has paid a substantial settlement to the woman without making any admissions or apologising to her. The inspector was investigated for misconduct but faced no sanction and continues to work for the force.

The BBC has also been told that the Metropolitan Police "botched" an investigation into a detective inspector accused of having sex with multiple victims of rape.

Four women reported that the lead officer in a rape investigation team had had sex with them. All had previously reported being victims of rape or sexual assault.

Two former members of the Met's professional standards team say that forensic best practice was not followed, and the officer's phone was wiped by someone remotely after his arrest.

Since then, the detective inspector has been dismissed from the force on other charges.

New Scotland Yard in central London - the Metropolitan Police's HQ

The Metropolitan Police declined to respond to the claims but said it had "matters to finalise" in relation to the officer - a number of years after first suspending him. It also declined to say whether it had re-investigated all rape cases he had dealt with. The Crown Prosecution Service concluded there was not enough evidence to charge him.

The BBC has received responses to information requests from 32 police forces in England, Wales and Scotland about allegations of "abuse of position for a sexual purpose".

The claims cover the past five years, although some forces were only able to provide figures from 2020 - when the complaint category was simplified.

We found out that 536 allegations have been made - but just 24 officers have been handed a criminal charge.

The figures also show that individual officers have faced as many as 20 allegations - while one who faced nine was only given a final written warning. Forces were also far less likely to uphold complaints than the IOPC.

Women are being "preyed upon by officers [who] they've called on to help them at a time of distress", according to Dame Vera Baird, the former victims' commissioner and former solicitor general.

She says change has to be immediate - and neighbourhood forces should be asked to investigate all complaints of officer sexual misconduct.

"Complaints should be going out to another force and not being done internally," she says. "Who is policing the police professional standard departments?"

Baroness Casey led a review into the Met which found it to be institutionally misogynist

The IOPC says it has oversight of the police complaints system but that the responsibility lies with forces themselves to root out any abuse of position it describes as "serious corruption".

The National Police Chiefs' Council says the BBC's findings reinforce the work it is doing "to lift the stones and root out wrongdoers". Forces are intent on delivering "long term improvements to standards and culture", according to Chief Constable Craig Guildford.

Baroness Casey led a review into the Met which found it to be institutionally misogynist. She does not accept that enough is being done.

"It's jaw-droppingly appalling that you have cases of really serious sexual allegations made against police officers that simply go on for years," she says.

"[Officers] think they're untouchable and frankly, they are. That's what's so terrifying."

In a statement, the crime and policing minister, Chris Philp MP, said a "zero tolerance approach" to officer abuse was needed.

He said the Home Office was acting to ensure "predatory individuals" were prevented from joining in the first place and reviewing the current police dismissals process.

Mr Philp added that a recent review into police vetting by a watchdog had recognised progress was being made and forces are pro-actively checking serving officers.

In November 2022, a previous report by the same body - His Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire & Rescue Services - also found that "in too many places, a culture of misogyny, sexism and predatory behaviour towards members of the public and female police officers and staff still exists."

Have you had an experience of police misconduct? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Mr Sharp appeared before a committee of MPs in February

A report examining the appointment of the BBC's chairman Richard Sharp is expected imminently.

It looks at whether Mr Sharp properly disclosed details of any involvement in the facilitation of a £800,000 loan guarantee to the then PM Boris Johnson.

Mr Sharp has denied any involvement in the arrangement of a loan.

While there has not been official confirmation, sources say the independent report by Adam Heppinstall KC could be published on Friday.

It examines the public appointment process that led to Mr Sharp being appointed chairman in February 2021.

A spokesman for him has previously said that he did not facilitate an introduction between Mr Johnson and businessman Sam Blyth. The spokesman also said he was not involved in the arrangement of a loan between them.

But a cross-party committee said in February that he had not given them the "full facts" two years ago when they were considering his suitability for the BBC role.

The BBC is also conducting its own internal review over any potential conflicts of interest Mr Sharp may have in his current role as BBC chairman.

Mr Sharp was named as the government's preferred candidate for the BBC chairmanship in January 2021 and the Department of Culture, Media and Sport's (DCMS) committee backed his appointment.

The government's choice is ultimately decided by the prime minister, on the advice of the culture secretary, who is in turn advised by a panel.

Mr Sharp was asked to appear before the committee in February following the claims around a loan to Mr Johnson, which were first reported by the Sunday Times.

He told the committee that he had met Cabinet Secretary Simon Case in December 2020 to get permission to pass on Mr Blyth's details.

However, at the same meeting he told Mr Case that he had applied for the BBC job and therefore agreed he would have "no further participation" in order to avoid any conflict of interest or perception of conflict given his application.

In its highly critical report, the DCMS committee said Mr Sharp had recognised the need to be "open and transparent" by bringing it to the attention of the cabinet secretary, but "failed to apply the same standards of openness and candour in his decision not to divulge this information during the interview process or to this committee during the pre-appointment hearing [for the BBC job]".

"Mr Sharp's failure to disclose his actions to the panel and the committee, although he believed this to be completely proper, constitute a breach of the standards expected of individuals applying for such public appointments," the report added.

The report concluded: "Mr Sharp should consider the impact his omissions will have on trust in him, the BBC and the public appointments process."

For almost a year, Beyoncé's fans have been starved of visuals for her seventh album, Renaissance.

It's an unusual move for a star whose visual aesthetic has always been intertwined with her music.

From the bubblegum-popping, star-making video for Crazy In Love, to the multi-layered exploration of infidelity and black femininity in the visual album, Lemonade, she has always used fashion and iconography to enhance her songs.

So all eyes are on her new world tour. How will she depict Renaissance's adventurous exploration of marginalised black and queer club music on the stage?

The stakes are as high as the anticipation. This is Beyoncé's first solo tour in seven years, and her first concerts since her historic, politically-charged headline set at the 2018 Coachella festival.

So as the lights dim and giant, stadium-width video screens are filled with sky-blue imagery, there's an equal sense of excitement and expectation from an audience that includes Dua Lipa, Frank Ocean, Kris Jenner and Beyoncé's husband, Jay-Z.

What she unveils is an intergalactic explosion of eye-melting opulence... a trip inside a disco ball that encompasses 34 songs, a flying horse, multiple dance showdowns and choreographed robots, all tethered to the pulsing heartbeat of Renaissance's club grooves.

But before all that, Beyoncé wrongfoots everyone.

Beyoncé took to the stage in a flowing blue ballgown long before sunset

She opens the show with four piano ballads from the start of her career - and they're not even the big ones like Halo or Irreplaceable.

Instead, the set starts with Dangerously In Love, a Destiny's Child song that was reworked as the title track of her first solo album, and continues with deep cuts like 1+1 and Flaws And All.

It's a tease, for sure, but it also works as a Vegas-style overture. Before the more demanding, choreographed numbers that follow, Beyoncé is free to walk the stage, chatting to fans and reading their signs. "It's your birthday!" she declares. "I love you!"

She also pauses to pay tribute to Tina Turner, an artist she has repeatedly called her greatest influence, after the singer's death last week.

"I want you to allow me to sing one of my favourite songs," she says, introducing a slow, gospel version Turner's River Deep, Mountain High.

"We love you, Tina," she adds, casting her eyes towards the sky.

Before long, however, the introductions are over. The video screen shows a pair of orbiting suns and informs us that the Beyoncé we've just witnessed is no more. She's been reborn, rewired and transformed into a chrome-plated disco diva from another galaxy. An Alien Superstar.

She emerges encased in metal, and robotic arms slowly strip away her armour-plating as she performs Renaissance's declarative opener, I'm That Girl.

The show makes ample use of a stadium-wide video screen

From here, we're plunged into pop spectacle, as the star careers through the album's 16-strong tracklist and remodels some of her classic hits in its image.

Renaissance's best three-song sequence (Cuff It, Energy and Break My Soul) arrives intact, turning the Tottenham Stadium into a massive nightclub.

Arms flail and drinks are spilled as Beyoncé and her dancers cavort across a circular catwalk to the middle of the audience, with the star dressed in an iridescent David Koma bodysuit, with matching knee-high boots.

The atmosphere intensifies with a stretch of harder-edged hits, including Formation and Black Parade.

Here, Beyoncé performs atop a giant silver tank, while her 11-year-old daughter, Blue Ivy, leads the dance troupe to the front of the stage.

It's only her second-ever stage appearance but she's cool as a cucumber, marching in step with the professionals as 60,000 people look on.

When the crowd bursts into applause, Beyoncé acknowledges the response with a beaming, motherly smile - a rare glimpse behind her flawless perfectionism.

Blue Ivy led the dancers during an explosive section of the set

As the concert segues into soul and R&B, Beyoncé shows off some impressive, jazzy vocal runs during Plastic On The Sofa.

Then she lets the audience take the reins on an ebullient Love On Top - leading them in an a capella rendition of the last four choruses, key changes and all, before declaring: "I'll have to stop you there or you'd be going all night."

But the star claims her favourite song of the set is the sweaty, hedonistic club anthem Heated, which culminates in a frenetic rap directed at her detractors.

"Sometimes I mess up the words, so y'all got to help me," she tells us, apparently unaware that everyone can see the autocue that's been feeding her the lyrics throughout the show.

That's not a criticism, though. There's a lot to remember in this jaw-dropping show, where almost every song quotes another element of Beyoncé's catalogue. The irresistible electro-funk of Virgo's Groove, for example, incorporates elements of seven other songs - including Naughty Girl and the Destiny's Child classic Say My Name.

Elsewhere, Beyoncé tips her hat to Madonna's Vogue, Kendrick Lamar's Alright, and the Jacksons' Shake Your Body (Down To The Ground).

It's a maximalist love letter to dance music that never feels forced or unwieldy.

The stage changes and morphs throughout the show, with new sets, props and costumes every few songs

The staging, too, takes the sort of more-is-more approach that's become necessary for a stadium concert.

At various points, Beyoncé appears as Botticelli's Venus in a clamshell, as an Athena riding rockets through space, as a human embodiment of a stained glass window, and as a giant bee (a nod to her nickname, Queen Bey).

There are also dancers popping out of the stage like jack-in-the-boxes, a glitterball the size of a small caravan, a phenomenal amount of glitter, and - for the finale - Beyoncé soaring around the stadium astride a giant silver horse, in a nod to Bianca Jagger at Studio 54.

It's fantastic and stupid and gleefully self-indulgent, which may disappoint people who came looking for the sort of socio-political commentary that Beyoncé delivered on her album Lemonade and the subsequent Coachella performance (Lemonade's songs are conspicuously absent from this setlist).

The star wore a futuristic, all-red version of her outfit from the Formation video

But there is a deeper message under the surface - one of self-acceptance, tolerance and freedom from expectations.

As the audience arrives, the video screens display what looks like a TV test signal, but is in fact the colours of the Progress Pride flag.

At the end of the show, the same screens light up with a photo of Beyoncé's mother, Tina, and her "godmother" - her late uncle Jonny, a gay man who was HIV positive and introduced Beyoncé to much of the music that features on Renaissance (as well as designing some of her early stage costumes).

In between, the show is narrated by legendary commentator Kevin JZ Prodigy, in an homage to the Ballroom subculture that originated amongst the black and Latino LGBTQ communities in New York; while Beyoncé sings about quitting your job and throwing yourself headfirst into a a life of hedonistic pleasure (something she presumably allows herself to imagine once a day, just after breakfast, before snapping into a perfectly-timed dance break).

It all adds up to a message of acceptance and joy. Joy in being yourself, joy in dancing, joy in letting go, joy in being together.

Perhaps that's why she saved the visuals for the tour: This is a record that needs to be experienced in real life, with other people.

Beyoncé's glitter ball horse has been nicknamed 'Reneigh' by fans

Carrick's sentencing hearing was told he had taken "monstrous advantage of women" between 2003 and 2020

More than 10 people have reported further offences by serial rapist and former police officer David Carrick since he was jailed, a force has said.

Carrick was sentenced to 36 life terms after admitting 49 charges, including 24 counts of rape, in February.

The 48-year-old committed most of his offences in Hertfordshire.

The county's police force said it was working with prosecutors and investigating the new reports, which included allegations of sexual assault.

Carrick's sentencing hearing was told he had taken "monstrous advantage of women" between 2003 and 2020, while serving as an officer with the Metropolitan Police.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The former police officer used his occupation to "entice victims", said Mrs Justice Cheema-Grubb

Ordering him to serve to a minimum term of 32 years in jail, Mrs Justice Cheema-Grubb said he had been "bold and, at times, relentless, trusting that no victim would overcome her shame and fear to report you".

She said "for nearly two decades", he had been "proved right", but a combination of the 12 women who reported him and the police colleagues who gave evidence against him had "exposed you and brought you low".

Following the hearing, Det Insp Iain Moor, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire major crime unit, said officers had set up a special reporting portal for people to share information about Carrick.

"If anyone else thinks they have been a victim, we still want to hear from you and we will support you," he said.

In a statement, Hertfordshire Police said since February, "more than 10 people have contacted their local forces or the investigation team directly, to either report further offences, including sexual assault, or to share information relating to him".

"The team are now working with the CPS [Crown Prosecution Service] and investigating these new allegations," a representative said.

They added that they would not be releasing "any further details relating to the new allegations".

Find BBC News: East of England on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. If you have a story suggestion email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

A selection of your pictures of Scotland sent in between 19 and 26 May.

Send your photos to scotlandpictures@bbc.co.uk. Please ensure you adhere to the BBC's rules regarding photographs that can be found here.

Please also ensure you take your pictures safely and responsibly.

Conditions of use: If you submit an image, you do so in accordance with the BBC's terms and conditions.

"Enjoying a late evening spring walk with my Border Terrier, Chibs in Bellwood," says Christie Beverley.

Loreena Price from Mintlaw in Aberdeenshire said: "This Highland cow calf looked so cute like a cuddly teddy".

Gordon McKenzie from St Fergus in Aberdeenshire captured this striking image of Rattray Head Lighthouse while on an early morning walk.

"Every May, Clachan Bridge comes alive with the very rare Fairy Foxglove," said Colin Mackie who sent in this photo. "It's one of the few places in the country where it's known to grow. Clachan Bridge links Seil Island to the mainland, spanning Seil Sound, hence its well-used name 'the bridge over the Atlantic'. This year is probably the best show of colour I've ever seen on my favourite bridge."

The sunset looking towards Jura, captured by Aileen Gillies in Ormsary in Argyll.

Bluebells in bloom: Kevin Carr spotted these bluebells in full bloom in Kinclaven, Perth.

"You know summer is approaching when you find large red damselflies resting beside the pond," said Paul Fraser from Callander.

Rainbow reflections over a gothic-looking Glasgow were snapped by Your pictures of Scotland regular John Dyer.

More rainbows, this time from Mark Donald who spotted this double delight above Arbroath Harbour.

And one more... Barry Manson snapped this photo of his French Bulldog, named Rainbow, enjoying a walk to the Antonine Wall. Her sister looks on eagerly in the background.

A “hazy and grey day at the beach in North Berwick” captured by Jennifer Baff.

Lisa Warren captured this lovely image of a young lamb, as the sun went down in Aberdeen.

"A buzzard goes where a buzzard shouldn't go," said Arthur Allan who took this photo of one mingling with some gulls in Dunfermline.

"This beauty was captured at Laggan Glen in the Cairngorms," said Sarah Baldwin. "We were lucky enough to catch a huge herd of stags at feeding time and this beauty was about to enter the forest."

An accidental photobomb: "I recently took this when my partner and I stayed over at the Sheraton Hotel in Edinburgh," said Ryan Hamilton. "We saw this seagull, unfazed by us, outside the bedroom window with the backdrop of Edinburgh Castle."

"Despite living down the road from Falkland Palace it's taken me two years to visit," said Jo Buxton from Perth.

Tony Marsh took this photo of a young deer staring back at him in the East Lothian countryside.

Paddleboarders on the River Don near the Brig o' Balgownie were photographed by Alex Mitchell.

Andy Inglis from Dumbarton took this photo of PS Waverley as it passed Dumbarton Rock. It was a "beautiful sight to see," he said.

Lucy in Sutherland was lucky enough to witness this golden sunset on Loch Farr.

Lunchtime with the locals: "After a long, long winter, spring has finally sprung in Aberdeenshire," says Kim Lees. Her partner, Will, took this photo.

"Milo Newman, on a mission to soak his last pair of dry trousers in the sea by Sanna Bay near Sunart," says his papa Chris McColgan.

"The sight and smell of the steam engine pulling the Jacobean train from Fort William to Mallaig was quite something," said Bruce Clark from Haddington.

Mother and baby time: A goose with her gosling on top of the waterfall in Rouken Glen park, photographed by Alex Mitchell.

Hitching a ride: Murdo McMellan took this photo at the River Cart.

"I cycled out from Glasgow to take the ferry over to Dunoon and go to Benmore Botanic Gardens all to try take a snap of one of these wee guys. I think he spotted me," said Neil Montgomery who took this picture.

The beach huts at Findhorn Bay cheered Catherine Kay. She said: "Yes, it was a grey sky but there is always colour to make us smile."

Ian Niven was delighted with this close-up shot. He said: "Whilst on a visit to Anstruther at the weekend, I took the opportunity to take a boat trip to the Isle of May to try and capture some puffin photos."

Flock to the show: "I spotted these colourfully painted sheep grazing in St Andrew Square, Edinburgh," said Janina Dolny. "The sheep have been individually decorated by local artists and have been touring Scotland before they head off to the Royal Highland Show next month."

Guillemots in the Firth of Forth, on a bright and hazy morning from Huw Rees Lewis from Edinburgh. In the horizon is the navy supply ship, RFA Fort Victoria.

Jane Shipley took this photo of the Lenticular clouds that were visible from parts of the Highlands on Tuesday night. She took this photo at Nigg Bay.

Nosey Stoat: "I thought the opportunity to photograph this stoat had gone as he disappeared behind a dyke at Glen Sherup, when he popped his head up to take a look at me," said Richard Paton who sent in this photo.

Colourful artwork on the old pavilion walls at Victoria Park community garden, photographed by Liz McIlrath.

Finlay MacKenzie snapped these photos of a herd of deer coming back in from the water at sunset on the shores of Corran, Loch Hourn.

"It has a look of 'Where did I leave my car?'" says Jacki Gordon who took this picture of a meerkat at Heads of Ayr Farm Park.

Blue skies at the Forth Road Bridge photographed by Alastair Nunn.

Please ensure that the photograph you send is your own and if you are submitting photographs of children, we must have written permission from a parent or guardian of every child featured (a grandparent, auntie or friend will not suffice).

In contributing to BBC News you agree to grant us a royalty-free, non-exclusive licence to publish and otherwise use the material in any way, including in any media worldwide.

However, you will still own the copyright to everything you contribute to BBC News.

At no time should you endanger yourself or others, take any unnecessary risks or infringe the law.

You can find more information here.

All photos are subject to copyright.

The Greek coastguard released images of the crowded boat before it went down

At least 78 people have died and more than 100 have been rescued after their fishing boat sank off southern Greece.

But survivors have suggested as many as 750 people may have been packed on to the boat, with reports of 100 children in the hold.

Greece says it is one of its biggest ever migrant tragedies, and has declared three days of mourning.

Authorities say their offers of aid were refused but they are facing claims of not doing enough to help.

The boat went down about 80km (50 miles) south-west of Pylos after 02:04 on Wednesday morning local time, according to the Greek coastguard, which lowered an earlier confirmed death toll of 79 to 78.

The EU's border agency Frontex said it had spotted the boat early on Tuesday afternoon and immediately told Greek and Italian authorities. The coastguard said later that no-one on board was wearing life jackets.

In a timeline provided by the coastguard, it said that initial contact was made with the fishing boat at 14:00 (11:00 GMT) and no request for help had been made.

It said the Greek shipping ministry had made repeated contact with the boat and was told repeatedly it simply wanted to sail on to Italy. A Maltese-flagged ship provided food and water at around 18:00, and another boat provided water three hours after that, it added.

Then at around 01:40 on Wednesday someone on the boat is said to have notified the Greek coastguard that the vessel's engine had malfunctioned.

Shortly afterwards, the boat capsized, taking only ten to fifteen minutes to sink completely. A search and rescue operation was triggered but complicated by strong winds.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Alarm Phone, an emergency helpline for migrants in trouble at sea, complained that the coastguard was "aware of the ship being in distress for hours before any help was sent", adding that authorities "had been informed by different sources" that the boat was in trouble.

It added that people may have been scared to encounter Greek authorities because they were aware of the country's "horrible and systematic pushback practices".

Jérôme Tubiana of Médecins Sans Frontières told French radio: "It's really shocking to hear that Frontex flew over the boat and no-one intervened because the boat refused all offers of help... an overloaded boat is a boat in distress."

The boat is thought to have been going from Libya to Italy, with most of those on board believed to be men in their 20s.

They had been travelling for days, according to local media reports, which added that the boat had been approached by a Maltese cargo ship on Tuesday afternoon that supplied food and water.

Survivors spoke of as many as 500 to 750 people on board and regional health director Yiannis Karvelis warned of an unprecedented tragedy: "The number of the people on board was much higher than the capacity that should be allowed for this boat."

One survivor told a hospital doctor in Kalamata that he had seen 100 children in the hold.

Coastguard Cpt Nikolaos Alexiou told public TV that the boat had sunk in one of the deepest parts of the Mediterranean.

The nationalities of the victims have not yet been announced.

Survivors have been taken to Kalamata, and many were treated in hospital for hypothermia or minor injuries.

Public broadcaster ERT said that three people suspected of being the traffickers had been taken to the central port authority in Kalamata and were being interrogated.

Greek President Katerina Sakellaropoulou visited some of those rescued and expressed her sorrow for those who had drowned.

Each year, hundreds of people die trying to cross the Mediterranean. In February, a boat carrying migrants capsized near Cutro, in the region of Calabria in southern Italy, killing at least 94 people - one of the deadliest incidents recorded.

Greek migration ministry official Yiorgos Michaelidis said Greece had repeatedly called for a "solid" EU migration policy "in order to accept people who are really in need and not just the people who have the money to pay the smugglers".

"Right now, the smugglers are the ones who decide who comes to Europe," he told the BBC.

"The case is for the EU to provide asylum, help and safety for those who are really in need. It's not a problem of Greece, Italy or Cyprus… The EU is the one that must conclude on a solid migration policy."

Greece is one of the main routes into the European Union for refugees and migrants from the Middle East, Asia and Africa.

Last month the Greek government came under international criticism over video footage reportedly showing the forceful expulsion of migrants who were set adrift at sea.

More than 70,000 refugees and migrants have arrived in Europe's front-line countries this year, with the majority landing in Italy, according to UN data.

Are you in Greece? Have you noticed anything which we should be reporting? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

A baby has been born using three people's DNA for the first time in the UK, the fertility regulator has confirmed.

Most of their DNA comes from their two parents and around 0.1% from a third, donor woman.

The pioneering technique is an attempt to prevent children being born with devastating mitochondrial diseases.

Fewer than five such babies have been born, but no further details have been released.

Mitochondrial diseases are incurable and can be fatal within days or even hours of birth. Some families have lost multiple children and this technique is seen as the only option for them to have a healthy child of their own.

Mitochondria are the tiny compartments inside nearly every cell of the body that convert food into useable energy.

Defective mitochondria fail to fuel the body and lead to brain damage, muscle wasting, heart failure and blindness.

They are passed down only by the mother. So mitochondrial donation treatment is a modified form of IVF that uses mitochondria from a healthy donor egg.

There are two techniques for performing mitochondrial donation. One takes places after the mother's egg has been fertilised by the father's sperm and the other takes place before fertilisation.

However, mitochondria have their own genetic information or DNA which means that technically the resulting children inherit DNA from their parents and a smidge from the donor as well. This is a permanent change that would be passed down through the generations.

This donor DNA is only relevant for making effective mitochondria, does not affect other traits such as appearance and does not constitute a "third parent".

The technique was pioneered in Newcastle and laws were introduced to allow the creation of such babies in the UK in 2015.

However, the UK did not immediately press ahead. The first baby born via this technique was to a Jordanian family having treatment in the US in 2016.

The Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority (the HFEA) is saying "less than five" babies have been born as of 20 April 2023. It is not giving precise numbers to prevent the families being identified.

These limited details have emerged after a Freedom of Information request by the Guardian newspaper.

"News that a small number of babies with donated mitochondria have now been born in the UK is the next step, in what will probably remain a slow and cautious process of assessing and refining mitochondrial donation," said Sarah Norcross, the director of the Progress Educational Trust.

There has been no word from the teams in Newcastle so it is still uncertain whether the technique was successful.

Prof Robin Lovell-Badge, from the Francis Crick Research Institute, said: "It will be interesting to know how well the mitochondrial replacement therapy technique worked at a practical level, whether the babies are free of mitochondrial disease, and whether there is any risk of them developing problems later in life."

There is technically a risk of "reversion" where any defective mitochondria that are carried over could gain in number and still result in disease.

It had once been estimated that up to 150 such babies could eventually be born each year in the UK.

Cpl Luther Herschel Story was awarded the Medal of Honour for his heroism during the Korean War

The remains of a US soldier who died in the Korean War have been returned to his family for burial after 73 years.

Army Cpl Luther Herschel Story was 18 years old when he was presumed to have been killed in battle on 1 September, 1950, while covering his company's withdrawal after being wounded.

His remains were recovered about a month later but could not be identified with forensic techniques of the time.

In April, using DNA samples, the military was able to make a match.

He received a military burial on Monday near his hometown of Americus, Georgia.

Cpl Story has been recognised for his heroism during the Korean War.

He is believed to have killed or wounded an estimated 100 enemy soldiers as his company was coming under fire during a fierce daylight attack.

He was never seen alive again after that battle.

He was awarded the Medal of Honour for showing "conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity" by staying behind and fighting North Korean soldiers who were closing in on his squad.

The award, the country's highest military honour, was presented to his father in 1951.

"Cpl Story's extraordinary heroism, aggressive leadership, and supreme devotion to duty reflect the highest credit upon himself and were in keeping with the esteemed traditions of the military service," said his US army award citation.

An army private first class at the time, he was posthumously promoted to corporal. His medal is now displayed alongside his portrait at the National Infantry Museum in Georgia.

Cpl Story's funeral on Monday featured a police escort with flashing lights that will escort his casket.

His niece Judy Wade told the Associated Press that she feared he would never return home.

"In my family, we always believed that he would never be found," Ms Wade said, adding she is relieved that his remains have finally been identified.

"I don't have to worry about him anymore," Ms Wade said. "I'm just glad that he's home."

President Joe Biden and South Korean President Yoon Suk Yeol met with Story's niece, Judy Wade, in April.

His unidentified remains, recovered in October 1950 near Sangde-po, South Korea, were long interred with other unknown service members at the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific in Hawaii.

They were exhumed in 2021 as part of a military effort to identify hundreds of unknown Americans who died in battle.

The identification of his remains was announced by President Joe Biden on 26 April during a state visit by South Korean President Yoon Suk Yeol.

Pubs are open longer over the coronation, but it will depend on staff working when others are celebrating

With the Coronation approaching, there has been a call to "spare a thought" for millions who will have to carry on working through the holiday weekend.

Trade union leader Paul Nowak hailed those in jobs such as shops, transport and hospitality who will be working, as well as emergency services.

"Their labour will allow others to make the most of the celebration," said TUC general secretary Mr Nowak.

About a fifth of workers regularly work on bank holidays, say the trade unions.

The Coronation on Saturday 6 May will be followed by a bank holiday weekend, with many public events planned.

But the Trades Union Congress, the umbrella group for unions, said the Coronation celebrations would depend on millions keeping working, whether in public transport, retail, pubs, restaurants and hotels, as well as those in emergency and health services.

"Their labour will allow others to make the most of the celebration," Mr Nowak told the BBC.

"The fact that so many people work during events like this should pause us to think. We need a national conversation about public holidays in the UK. Everybody should get the chance to enjoy them," he said.

Mr Nowak warned that workers in the UK had fewer public holidays than in many European countries.

Figures from the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development suggest about a quarter of the workforce now work on Saturdays - and the institute says similar numbers could be working this weekend.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Brolly or sun cream? Your weather forecast for Coronation weekend

For those working in hospitality it is going to be busier than usual, with pubs allowed longer opening times over the weekend.

UK Hospitality, representing hotels, restaurants and pubs, is expecting a £350m spending boost from the weekend.

Travel website Expedia has reported a spike in interest in visiting London and market research firm Euromonitor International says the Coronation is particularly driving an increase in tourism from the US, expected to rise by about 14% compared with last year.

Also working this weekend will be thousands of police and members of the armed forces, with a major security operation planned and military processions.

Some NHS staff who are not working that day are getting special recognition, with viewing areas provided for about 3,000 health workers on the route of the Coronation procession in London.

And trade union leader Mr Nowak says those celebrating should remember the efforts of those toiling away to make it possible.

Read the latest from our royal correspondent Sean Coughlan - sign up here.

A shooting has left two people dead in the centre of Auckland, New Zealand, hours before the city is due to open the Fifa Women's World Cup.

Six other people, including police officers, were injured and the gunman is also dead after the incident at 07:22 (19:22 GMT) on a construction site in the central business district.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Where is Yevgeny Prigozhin? And why does it matter?

Wagner boss Yevgeny Prigozhin - who led a short-lived rebellion in Russia last month - is in Russia and not Belarus, the leader of Belarus says.

Prigozhin's whereabouts have been a mystery since the mutiny.

Under the deal to end the stand-off, charges against him were dropped and he was offered a move to Belarus.

But on Thursday Belarus leader Alexander Lukashenko said: "As for Prigozhin, he's in St Petersburg. He is not on the territory of Belarus."

In response to Mr Lukashenko's remarks the Kremlin said it was "not following" Prigozhin's movements.

Mr Lukashenko had helped broker the deal to end the mutiny, and just over a week ago said Prigozhin had arrived in Belarus.

The BBC tracked Prigozhin's private jet flying to Belarus in late June, and returning to Russia the same evening.

It has since made several flights between St Petersburg and Moscow - although it is not clear if Prigozhin has been on board. The BBC also can't verify Mr Lukashenko's claim about the Wagner leader's current location.

On Thursday Mr Lukashenko added that "as far as I know" the rest of the Wagner fighters were still at their bases - which could include eastern Ukraine or a training base in Russia's Krasnodar region.

The Belarus leader said an offer for Wagner to station some of its fighters in Belarus - a prospect that has alarmed neighbouring Nato countries - still stands and he has offered several Soviet-era military sites for their use.

"But Wagner have a different vision," he said, adding: "Of course I won't tell you about that."

"At present, the issue of their relocation has not been resolved."

The Wagner Group is a private army of mercenaries that has been fighting alongside the regular Russian army in Ukraine.

In his address Mr Lukashenko said he was not concerned about having Wagner fighters in Belarus, adding they would be in the country on "certain conditions".

"The main condition is that if we need to activate them for the defence of our country, then that will be done instantly, in any direction," Mr Lukashenko said as he praised Wagner's "experience".

But, he dismissed any potential threat of a Wagner-led mutiny in Belarus.

"All sorts of things happen in life, but I don't see that situation for now.

"If they come here, we will pay close attention to them," the Belarusian leader said.

Mr Lukashenko has ruled Belarus since 1994 and is widely thought to have rigged 2020 elections to maintain power.

On Wednesday, Russian state TV appeared to turn on Prigozhin, with commentators across several networks attacking the Wagner Group mutiny as a premeditated act of treachery.

On NTV, anchors concentrated on Prigozhin's character, portraying him as a greedy and violent petty thief and referring to his past as being "rich in criminality".

On Rossiya 1 - one of Russia's most popular networks - hosts called for Prigozhin to face "accountability" for his rebellion and shared images from what officials said was a raid on his home in St Petersburg.

One clip showed a large stash of weapons - including assault rifles, pistols and ammunition - laid out on a bed.

In other clips, large piles of cash and gold bars, wigs and fake passports belonging to the Wagner chief were shown. Footage of a sledgehammer allegedly belonging to Prigozhin - likely referring to the one used to kill a Wagner deserter several months ago - was broadcast.

Writing on the sledgehammer appeared to read: "In case of important negotiations."

However, some Telegram channels associated with the Wagner Group have claimed that the videos were staged and the house in question does not belong to the mercenary boss.

Prigozhin's mutiny saw Wagner mercenaries cross from field camps in Ukraine into the southern city of Rostov-on-Don, seizing command of some military facilities.

Wagner fighters then travelled north towards Moscow, prompting the Kremlin to introduce tighter security in many regions, including the capital.

Russian President Vladimir Putin later said Russian pilots were killed during the mutiny and it also appears to be the case that several aircraft were destroyed.

Mr Putin initially accused the group of treason, but under the deal that brought an end to the mutiny, Prigozhin was promised security and the Russian criminal case against Wagner was dropped.

Its fighters were told they could either sign regular army contracts, go home or head to Belarus.

Recent satellite images have shown what looks like tents being erected at a former military base close to Minsk, but there has been no sign yet that this has happened

A poster for a West End play featuring a wedding cake was banned by Transport for London (TfL) because it was seen to promote "foods high in fat, salt and sugar".

The ad for Tony n' Tina's Wedding, a dinner show at Wonderville, Haymarket, featured a three-tier sponge cake.

The team spent £20,000 on the posters to go on London's transport network.

A TfL spokesperson said: "We are always happy to work with brands to help them follow our advertising policy."

The interactive show is set at an Italian-American wedding, with a three-course meal, live music and dancing.

Producer Paul Gregg told BBC London they could not run the posters after they delivered them to TfL.

The revised poster, right, depicted wedding guests instead

"They said 'you can't put these up, they've got cake on'," he said. "It was a bit of a surprise... the poster was designed at great expense to begin with."

His team spent a week creating the new design, costing an additional £5,000.

TfL said it refused to run 20 adverts displaying foods and non alcoholic drinks that were high in fat, sugar or salt, in the year 2021/22.

A TfL spokesperson added: "We welcome all advertising on our network that complies with our published guidance."

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu (centre) welcomed at an airport in Pyongyang on 25 July

A Russian delegation led by Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu has arrived in North Korea, to be joined by a Chinese delegation later on Wednesday.

They will attend Pyongyang's celebrations of the 70th anniversary of the end of the Korean War, marked typically by massive military parades.

The visits are the first of their kind to the North since it shut its borders to try to keep out the pandemic.

It is unclear if this signals a change in Pyongyang's border policies.

Reclusive North Korea had sealed itself off from all trade and diplomatic ties in early 2020, even with Russia and China, its main economic and political partners.

They even cut off imports of essential goods like food and medicine.

North Korea has been facing food shortages, which have been made worse by its border closure and strict international sanctions that have been imposed because of its nuclear programme.

Some analysts say the inclusion of Chinese and Russian envoys in this year's "Victory Day" parade - as the 1953 Korean armistice is called in the North - hints at a possible loosening of Covid restrictions.

It comes weeks after images of North Koreans walking around without masks were shown on state media.

The Russian delegation arrived in North Korea late on Tuesday, and received a warm welcome on the tarmac at an airport in Pyongyang.

Mr Shoigu walked past a line of saluting soldiers and a red banner emblazoned with the words, "Welcome, Comrade Defence Minister of the Russian Federation Sergei Shoigu!" in both Korean and Russian.

The Chinese delegation will be led by Li Hongzhong, who is part of the Chinese Communist Party's central policymaking committee, and will arrive some time on Wednesday, according to a party spokesperson.

China and Russia are both long time allies of North Korea.

Beijing had sent troops in the autumn of 1950 to support North Korea in the war against South Korea. The then Soviet Union also supported North Korea in the war.

Since the collapse of the USSR in 1991, Russia has remained a natural ally for North Korea because of their mutual dislike for the US. Washington has, in fact, accused North Korea of providing military aid to Russia in its war in Ukraine, a claim that both Pyongyang and Moscow deny.

Mr Shoigu's visit also comes against the backdrop of rising geopolitical tensions between the US and Russia over the Ukraine war. Ties between Beijing and Washington are also frayed because of Taiwan.

The US has been trying to talk to Pyongyang after US soldier Travis King fled to North Korea last week.

Private King, who was meant to go back to the US to face disciplinary action, ran into North Korea while on a tour at the Joint Security Area (JSA), an area in the Demilitarised Zone (DMZ) that divides North and South Korea.

The United Nations Command, which the United States is part of, said on Monday that dialogue had taken place with North Korea over Pvt King, but did not provide any details.

Richard Shaw says his wife's ashes have been found in a Hull mortuary

A man has been told ashes he believed were his late wife's are not hers, as police continue to investigate alleged wrongdoing by a Hull funeral director.

Richard Shaw used Legacy Independent Funeral Directors for Rita's cremation in October 2023.

A quantity of ashes and 35 bodies were removed from the firm by officers following "concern for care of the deceased".

On Friday, Mr Shaw learned his wife's ashes had been found in a mortuary.

Humberside Police said it could not comment on individual cases "given the complexities and scale" of its investigation but was supporting affected families.

Richard Shaw thought he was in possession of wife Rita's ashes

Mr Shaw, from Woodmansey, near Hull, told the BBC last month how, in light of the major investigation, he feared the ashes he had kept in an urn at the marital home might not be those of Rita.

He said a detective called him on Friday to inform him his wife's ashes had been found in the mortuary at Hull Royal Infirmary.

Mr Shaw said the call left him "in shock", adding his wife "would be going absolutely mad".

"If the boot was on the other foot, if it was me [whose ashes had been found], she would be going crackers."

Mr Shaw said he had no idea whose ashes are in the urn. He said he was given them 60 days after the funeral.

He said the detective told him police also do not know whose ashes he was given.

Mr Shaw said, in time, he intends to spread the unknown person's ashes in his garden.

Police said its investigation is "highly complex"

He said police had told him they could not yet return his wife's ashes to him.

Mr Shaw said he was being "looked after" by kind neighbours.

"I don't have anybody else," he said.

The BBC has approached Legacy Independent Funeral Directors for comment.

In a statement, Humberside Police said it was "continuing to explore numerous lines of inquiry, and where people have been identified as victims, we will be supporting them".

"We understand how distressing this case is for those involved, we will look to return any recovered ashes as soon as we able to.

"We encourage anyone who feels they need to speak to someone and talk through their concerns to please call the Victim Support helpline on 0808 281 1136."

A 46-year-old man and a 23-year-old woman, who were arrested on suspicion of prevention of a lawful and decent burial, fraud by false representation and fraud by abuse of position, remain on bail.

Floral tributes have been laid in front of Legacy's premises in Hessle Road, Hull

6 March - Humberside Police receives a report "expressing concern about the storage and management processes relating to care of the deceased"

8 March - Cordons are erected and officers attend at Legacy's three premises - two in Hull and one in nearby Beverley

9 March - Officers arrest a 46-year-old man and a 23-year-old woman after they touch down at Heathrow Airport. The pair are "transported to Humberside"

10 March - 34 bodies are removed from Legacy's premises in Hessle Road, Hull, and taken to the city's mortuary

12 March - Police revise the number of bodies removed from the funeral directors to 35, adding a quantity of what they believe to be human ashes was also recovered from the premises. The force states two people arrested have since been been bailed

15 March - The families of all 35 deceased have now been contacted, police say. Specialists from the National Crime Agency are drafted in. Police say they have received more than 1,500 calls from the public

28 March - Victim Support launches a helpline for families affected by the investigation

Follow BBC East Yorkshire and Lincolnshire on Facebook, X (formerly Twitter), and Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastyorkslincs.news@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The party at Conservative headquarters was described as "raucous"

Scotland Yard is taking no action against former London mayoral candidate Shaun Bailey nor other people who attended a gathering at Conservative Party HQ during a Covid lockdown.

Mr Bailey and Tory aides were seen posing for a photo, raising glasses besides buffet food while London was under restrictions in December 2020.

But the Met said it found "insufficient evidence to disprove the version of events provided by attendees".

Fresh questions about the event at Conservative Campaign Headquarters in Westminster were raised after it was reported that former prime minister Boris Johnson had put Mr Bailey forward for a peerage in his resignation honours list.

After the Daily Mirror published a picture of the gathering in December 2021, the Metropolitan Police launched an investigation.

Mr Bailey, a former candidate to be London's mayor, apologised "unreservedly" for the event organised by his campaign team and said it was a "serious error of judgment".

Then-Transport Secretary, Grant Shapps, who is now business secretary, said "that scene is absolutely unacceptable".

Before the photo was published, the Times had reported that a "raucous" party took place in the basement while Covid restrictions were in place.

The Met concluded the "photo by itself is not sufficient evidence on which to assess that an offence had been committed".

Officers issued attendees with questionnaires to decide whether breaches of the rules were committed and fines should be issued.

"The investigation reviewed all the material thoroughly and after careful consideration, it was determined that there was insufficient evidence to disprove the version of events provided by attendees to a standard that would meet the threshold required," the Met said.

"As a result, a decision was made that no further action should be taken."

Mr Bailey, who remains a London Assembly Member, resigned as chairman of the governing body's Police and Crime Committee after the picture emerged.

Scotland Yard issued a total of 126 fines over rule breaches in Whitehall and Downing Street while Mr Johnson was prime minister, in a scandal that helped end his tenure in No 10.

Mr Johnson and his then-chancellor Rishi Sunak paid fixed-penalty notices over a gathering held for Mr Johnson's 56th birthday.

First LV= Insurance Ashes Test, Edgbaston (day five of five)

Australia somehow prevailed in one of the all-time great Ashes Tests to beat England by two wickets and take a 1-0 lead in the series.

On an unbearably tense final day of another Edgbaston classic, ninth-wicket pair Pat Cummins and Nathan Lyon added an unbroken 55 to defy the raucous crowd and get Australia to their target of 281.

In doing so, they exacted revenge for Australia's famous two-run defeat on this ground 18 years ago, when the tailenders just fell short of reaching a target of 282.

Cummins, with 44 not out, and Lyon's unbeaten 16 took Australia to their narrowest Ashes win in terms of wickets since 1907.

England looked to be surging towards victory when captain Ben Stokes produced a magical slower ball to bowl Usman Khawaja for 65 and Joe Root held a stunning return catch off Alex Carey.

But as a breathless match entered its final hour, Cummins and Lyon swung the bat at England's short-ball plan to inch Australia closer.

Stokes almost dismissed Lyon with a flying catch for the ages when 37 were still needed, the skipper losing control of the ball as he dived backwards at square leg.

The target ticked down, the evening drew in. With three runs required and less than five overs remaining, Cummins deflected Ollie Robinson towards third man, a diving Harry Brook fumbled and Australia had an incredible victory.

A series that has already lived up to the hype continues with the second Test at Lord's on 28 June.
• None 'Cummins is The Boss but England can come back'
• None Relive an incredible day with all the best clips
• None Watch the highlights on Today at the Test

This was not just an homage to the epic contest on the same ground 18 years ago, but the perfect opening to the most anticipated Ashes series in a generation.

From the moment Zak Crawley crunched the first ball of the series for four, this Test had everything: England's daring first-day declaration, Root's attempted reverse-ramp off Cummins from the first ball of day four and the fascinating clash of style between the two teams.

But none of that could match the nerve-shredding drama of the final hour, played out in front of a buoyant crowd that had earlier waited until 14:15 BST for rain to pass and play to begin.

England have been involved in some thrilling Tests since Stokes took charge, but none with the stakes as high as this. In truth, they wasted chances throughout, but have shown enough quality, endeavour and bravery to suggest they have what it takes to get back into the series.

For Australia, the narrow win just about vindicates their cautious approach to combatting England's Bazballers. It was fitting that captain Cummins, the architect of the safety-first plan, played the vital role on the final day.

This was magnificent sporting theatre, whetting the appetite for the rest of the series and for the Test between England and Australia's women, which begins at Trent Bridge on Thursday.

Cummins and Lyon get revenge 18 years in the making

In 2005, Australia arrived on the fourth morning needing 107 with only two wickets remaining and almost got them thanks to the efforts of their last three batters - Shane Warne, Brett Lee and Michael Kasprowicz.

From a position almost as hopeless, Cummins and Lyon launched their own rescue mission and this time got Australia over the line.

The tourists had been almost inert for most of the day. At 107-3 overnight, they did not shift from a neutral gear. Khawaja, who made a century in the first innings, added only 31 runs from 116 balls and looked immovable.

Stokes somehow conjured the slower ball from his fragile body and Root held on to Carey to make England favourites, but fearsome competitors Cummins and Lyon refused to yield.

Root had already failed to cling on to a low caught-and-bowled chance when Cummins had six and the captain would later make him pay by crashing 14 from a single over.

In the next over, Stokes flung himself at a catch that would have matched his grab in the 2019 World Cup, but this time could not hold on.

The new ball was belatedly taken, but Australia's confidence grew. For every time the outside edge was beaten, a single was pinched. Cummins slapped Robinson past a flying Ollie Pope at cover, Lyon twice belted Stuart Broad down the ground for fours.

The outside edge was beaten, England kept the field back, James Anderson was ignored. Australia were within one hit of victory for more than two overs.

With three required, Cummins fended off a short ball and the flailing Brook could not prevent the boundary. Australia ended on 282 - their target back in 2005 - and the brilliant Cummins threw his bat in the air to begin wild celebrations.

England had lost two of their past 12 Tests and one of those, against New Zealand in Wellington in February, was by just one run after they had made the Black Caps follow on.

This, though, will test the resolve of their new attitude under captain Stokes and coach Brendon McCullum like never before. Not because their swashbuckling style has failed its first examination by Australia, but because they were so close to winning and it is their own errors that have cost them.

They missed eight chances of varying difficulty in the field, four of which were by wicketkeeper Jonny Bairstow. Most crucially, Bairstow failed to move for an edge when Khawaja had only five on the fourth evening.

Questions will linger over Stokes' decision to declare on the first evening and the fitness of Moeen Ali, who was badly hampered by a cut on his spinning finger throughout the match.

It was also telling that Stokes, who is managing a left-knee injury, did not bowl himself until the 70th over of the second innings and that Anderson, England's all-time leading wicket-taker, was not trusted with the second new ball.

No team has come from behind to win an Ashes series since 2005. Stokes' England have shown they can get at Australia, but they must be near-perfect in the remaining four Tests if they are to win the urn for the first time since 2015.
• None How did Messi win the World Cup with Argentina? Captivating interviews reveal what happened behind the scenes in Qatar
• None Can you crack the code to open the safe? Put your code-breaking skills to the test in this brainteaser

Emergency services were called to Engine Green in Fishcross on Sunday morning

Police have launched a murder inquiry after the death of a 74-year-old woman in a Clackmannanshire village.

The body of Catherine Pryde was discovered in a house in the Engine Green area of Fishcross at about 07:35 GMT on Sunday.

Police Scotland said that following a post-mortem examination, detectives had launched the murder investigation.

A spokeswoman for the force said officers were "pursuing a positive line of inquiry."

She added that there was not thought to be any wider threat to the public.

A UK ticket-holder has come forward to claim the £111.7m jackpot from Friday's EuroMillions draw.

Lottery operator Camelot said it had received a claim which would now go through a process of validation.

Once the ticket has been validated and paid, the winner can decide if they want to share the news.

This winner will become the 18th UK player to win more than £100m in a EuroMillions jackpot.

The winning numbers were 03, 12, 15, 25 and 43 with Lucky Stars 10 and 11.

The lucky winner will be wealthier than England footballer Harry Kane (£51m), Harry Potter actor Daniel Radcliffe (£92m) and pop singer Dua Lipa (£75m), according to the Sunday Times Rich List.

Andy Carter, senior winners' adviser at the National Lottery, said: "It is wonderful news that a lucky ticket-holder has claimed this incredible prize."

Last month, a UK ticket-holder claimed £46.2m out of a possible £138m.

In July last year, a UK ticket-holder won a record jackpot of £195m, but kept their identity anonymous.

Members of the National Education Union have already taken part in three national strike days in England

Teachers in England will strike on Thursday 27 April and Tuesday 2 May after members of the UK's largest education union rejected a pay offer.

Teachers were offered a £1,000 one-off payment this year, and a 4.3% rise next year. Starting salaries would also rise to £30,000 from September.

The results of the NEU ballot found that 98% of members were in favour of turning the deal down.

The education secretary said it was "extremely disappointing".

The National Education Union (NEU) described the offer as "insulting" and said it had "united the profession in its outrage".

Speaking at the annual conference in Harrogate, Joint General Secretaries Mary Bousted and Kevin Courtney said the offer was "not fully funded" and did not deal with the shortage of teachers in schools.

In a ballot over the government's pay offer, 191,319 NEU members voted to reject the deal with a 66% turnout.

After hearing the announcement, delegates at the conference chanted "come on Gill, pay the bill".

Education Secretary Gillian Keegan said the NEU's decision to reject the pay offer "will simply result in more disruption for children and less money for teachers today".

"The offer was funded, including major new investment of over half a billion pounds, in addition to the record funding already planned for school budgets," she said.

Ms Keegan said pay would now be decided by the independent pay review body, which would recommend pay rises for next year. This means the £1,000 payment for this year will not happen.

During a visit to Rochdale, Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said the news of new strike dates was "extremely disappointing" following "a very reasonable pay offer".

Ms Bousted confirmed plans to support GCSE and A-level students during the upcoming strike days and said head teachers would make sure those pupils were in class for exam preparations.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Following the vote, Ms Bousted called on ministers to "reopen negotiations" on pay.

On Tuesday at the NEU conference, members will vote on three more potential strike days at the end of June and the beginning of July, but this would have to be approved by the NEU executive.

Teacher salaries fell by an average of 11% between 2010 and 2022, after taking inflation into account, according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies. Most state school teachers in England had a 5% rise in 2022.

The government says it is giving schools an extra £2.3bn over the next two years. Most of the pay rise would have come from this money; schools would have received extra funding for the £1,000 one-off payment and 0.5% of the pay increase for next year.

Luke Sibieta, from the Institute for Fiscal Studies, said schools budgets could only absorb "a small amount" of the pay offer and that some schools were already seeing costs growing faster than funding.

The Education Policy Institute (EPI) says there is "only just enough headroom" to cover the current pay offer.

Natalie Perera, the Chief Executive of the EPI, warned that the current funding "does not compensate schools for the additional support they have had to provide for increasingly vulnerable pupils".

If you are a teacher, how are you affected by this latest development? Share your experiences by emailing .

Sanj Beri, a science teacher, said he doesn't take strike action lightly but action is needed

Attending the conference, Sanj Beri, a secondary school science teacher from Nottingham, said the last thing teachers wanted to do was strike, but that "proper funding for our schools" was needed.

He said his school was struggling to recruit science teachers because people "don't want to do the job anymore" due to "the amount of stress and workload for the pay you get".

Katie Cooke, an NEU member from Tunstall in Stoke-on-Trent, took part in the first teacher strike earlier this year, but says she cannot afford to take part in any more as she does not get paid when striking

"As a single parent... I am struggling with the cost of living, with inflation, and feeding my family. Holidays are out of the picture... all the while I'm in a teaching profession at a reasonably high level."

Lauren Jevins, from Harrogate, says she understands the issue with teachers pay but that children “just need to be in school”

Reacting to the news of the forthcoming strikes at a park in Harrogate, Lauren Jevins says she understands the teachers' position but wishes matters could be resolved in a different way, rather than industrial action.

She said taking more time off work to care for her children would mean losing out on money for everyday essentials.

Jacob Matthews is also frustrated at the prospect of more strikes and feels there needs to be a compromise.

"Inflation is nearly 11%, no-one is going to get that kind of pay rise... but I'm a parent, not a teacher and I know it's not as simple as that".

Sir Keir Starmer, the Labour leader, said he was disappointed and wanted to see everybody "getting around the table and resolving these issues".

The leader of the Liberal Democrats, Sir Ed Davy, also said the government needed to "get around the table" and negotiate with the teachers' unions.

The NEU is not the only union which is involved in pay discussions.

Three other unions have also been involved in intensive talks with the government: the NASUWT, Association of School and College Leaders and school leaders' union NAHT. They are in the process of balloting members on the current offer from the government.

School leaders' union, the NAHT, is also asking whether members would take industrial action if the pay offer is rejected. NAHT members voted in favour of strike action in January - but turnout was 42%, below the legal requirement of 50%.

Mary Bousted and Kevin Courtney, from the NEU, also questioned why teachers in England were "worth less" that those in Scotland and Wales. Education is a devolved matter, meaning decisions are made by the separate governments.

In Scotland, the dispute has been resolved after teachers accepted a 7% rise for 2022/23, which will be backdated to April. They have also accepted a 5% rise in April 2023, and a 2% rise in January 2024.

In Wales, the NEU, have agreed on an increased pay offer of 8% for 2022/23, which consists of a 6.5% annual pay rise and a one-off lump sum payment, as well as a 5% pay rise for 2023/24.

But Wales' school leaders' union, NAHT Cymru, has rejected the offer and says funding arrangements remain a major concern for school leaders. Members are continuing to take action short of strikes - which includes refusing to attend evening meetings and only responding to calls and emails between 09:00 and 15:00 BST.

In Northern Ireland, five teaching unions will also strike for a full day on Wednesday 26 April.

Prince William wants his campaign to change attitudes towards homelessness

Prince William has launched a major five-year campaign to end homelessness, which he says should not exist in a "modern and progressive society".

On Monday, he visited housing and training projects in Brixton in London, Bournemouth and Newport in South Wales.

The Prince of Wales's charitable foundation is putting in £3m of start-up funding to help make homelessness "rare, brief and unrepeated".

"Everyone should have a safe and secure home," said Prince William.

At a project in Bournemouth which is helping provide skills to people who have been homeless, he spoke of the need to change the "narrative" around homelessness and to stop the "prejudice and stigma".

The prince heard first-hand from people being helped by the Faithworks project, who told him about the sense of isolation among those facing homelessness and the need to rebuild their confidence and sense of self-belief.

"We all go through times where we could be self-conscious or lost in life, and it's like a gentle guidance back into learning to socialise and be productive in a positive way," said Clayton Jeynes, who was homeless and has received training from the project.

The prince was invited to use a lathe used to teach carpentry skills

The project teaches carpentry skills and Prince William tried his hand at using a lathe - approaching it with the comment: "I had five fingers when I began this."

The launch brought together organisations which will be trying to find ways to reduce homelessness - a problem that has different forms in different places.

In a seaside town like Bournemouth, there were problems of high rental costs and also people with precarious incomes from low-income seasonal jobs.

Graham Farrant, chief executive of the local Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole Council, spoke of the need to improve prevention before people became homeless. "It's not impossible to solve," he said.

Prince William heard first-hand about the pressures on people who have faced homelessness

This Homewards initiative is likely to be one of the defining projects for the Prince of Wales - a commitment which he will be aware comes with the risk of being accused of straying into politics.

Ahead of the launch, Prince William had discussed the project with Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer, Levelling Up Secretary Michael Gove and the first ministers of Scotland and Wales.

It is a cause that is deeply personal to the prince, which he has linked to the influence of his mother, Princess Diana, who brought him to homelessness charities as a child.

There are more than 300,000 people currently homeless across the UK, which includes those who are stuck in hostels and temporary accommodation, living in cars and sofa-surfing, as well as people who are rough sleeping.

As well as preventing homelessness, there is an aim to change attitudes and show how many people can be affected. Recently the prince opened an affordable housing project for young people with jobs, but who still needed help with accommodation.

Prince William's plan is to bring together local coalitions of housing experts, charities and private industry to develop housing projects and support services, addressing different ways that homelessness occurs, whether in big cities or coastal towns.

Prince William this month visited an affordable housing project in London for people who are in work or training

He has begun a two-day whistle-stop tour of the UK for what will be six locations for the initiative, which is backed by charities such as Shelter, Centrepoint, Crisis and The Passage.

A media briefing was told that success would be measured in terms of lowering homelessness in those places - and finding approaches that could be replicated elsewhere.

He has also drawn international inspiration from Finland, seen as a model for reducing homelessness to very low levels.

The campaign has published opinion polling from Ipsos of more than 3,000 adults in the UK, which suggests the level of public concern and support for an intervention.

But Prince William will also face challenges about how someone with such wealth and extensive property holdings can make such calls over homelessness.

"The last thing we need is for William to get involved in this issue, a man who has three huge homes and a vast estate gifted to him by the state," says Graham Smith, of the anti-monarchy group, Republic.

He says homelessness is about government policy and investment and will not be "resolved by charity or royal patronage", accusing Prince William of being "hypocritical".

Prince William with his mother and brother at The Passage homelessness charity in 1993

But a Kensington Palace spokesman said it was about the prince using his public platform to make a positive difference.

"This isn't about a PR stunt. This is about trying to change the way that we as a society think about homelessness," said the spokesman.

Matt Downie, chief executive of the charity Crisis, said he had personally spoken to the Prince of Wales about the project and endorsed the authenticity of his commitment.

"People who are experiencing homelessness can smell when someone's not authentic. I certainly can see the difference between people who want to associate for PR purposes in this issue and people who are genuinely driven by righting one of society's wrongs, and I saw that deeply there," said Mr Downie.

Royal author and academic Prof Pauline Maclaran said such an activist approach was likely to go down well with a younger generation, who were more likely to question the value of the monarchy.

But she said it would need the prince to be seen to make a personal contribution. His Royal Foundation is providing £500,000 in seed funding at each of the six regional centres for the project, but so far there has been no confirmation of earlier reports of social housing plans for his Duchy of Cornwall estate.

Historian Sir Anthony Seldon said Prince William's initiative showed how royal interventions could look beyond short-term political cycles at wider issues such as "the mental health and welfare of the population, the physical and built environment, and the economic condition of the people".

But he said it meant the prince was "squarely in the space normally reserved just for elected politicians".

Political parties are already sparring over the response to rising mortgage and rent costs and a lack of affordable housing.

Cllr Darren Rodwell, housing spokesperson for the Local Government Association, said councils feared a "national homelessness crisis" - and there were 1.2 million people on council waiting lists for housing in England.

He said there was a perfect storm of "depleting housing stock and an unaffordable and overly-competitive private rented market" and renters facing eviction - and he called for councils to be able to build 100,000 new social rent homes each year.

But Prince William said he was confident about the ambition to fundamentally reduce homelessness.

"I want to make this a reality and, over the next five years, give people across the UK hope that homelessness can be prevented when we collaborate," he said.

A spokeswoman for the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities welcomed the prince's initiative.

"We are giving councils £2bn over three years, to help them tackle homelessness and rough sleeping, targeted to areas where it is needed most," she said.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

Temperature reached 32.2C in June and the heat was long-lasting

The UK's hottest June on record caused unprecedented deaths of fish in rivers and disturbed insects and plants, environment groups have warned.

Nature is being "pounded by extreme weather without a chance to recover", the Wildlife Trusts said.

The Met Office will say later on Monday if the high temperatures were linked to climate change.

People also used more water with demand increasing by 25% at peak times in some areas, said Water UK.

The Met Office said last week that provisional figures for June indicate that both the overall average and the average maximum temperatures were the highest on record.

"The reports of the number of fish death incidents in rivers for this time of year has been unprecedented. I would normally expect rivers to be affected later in the summer when it's hotter and drier," Mark Owen, from the Angling Trust, told BBC News.

In one case, sea trout were found dead on the River Wear in north-east England, he said.

The deaths are partly caused by less oxygen in the water as river levels decrease. Fish also die when dried-up pollutants from cars and lorries on roads wash into rivers during flash storms.

The Environment Agency said it received more reports of dead fish than the same time last year.

Mass fish deaths can be caused by a range of factors including low water levels, pollution, and disease.

Many flowering plants, including orchids, wilted in the high temperatures, meaning insects like bees and butterflies that feed on nectar and pollen will have less to eat, Ali Morse from the Wildlife Trusts told BBC News.

Species with short lifespans are particularly badly affected. Many butterflies are adults for only a short time, and if they cannot access food in that period, it stunts the population.

These impacts are more surprising considering the wet and cold spring and are earlier than last year, Ms Morse added.

"Every month seems to be the hottest, the driest, the wettest, or whichever record-breaking event it is. If we have a one-off pollution event or a wildfire, then there is normally time for nature to bounce back, but now it seems to be continually pounded by extreme weather," she added.

More frequent and more intense periods of warm weather are putting pressure on the UK's environment and water supplies.

As temperatures rise, people also use more water in their homes. Last July and August water companies supplied 1.2 billion litres more water than the same months in 2021, according to Water UK.

People in Devon, Cornwall and parts of the south-east of England are under hosepipe bans.

Water experts say that rivers and reservoirs, which provide much of the UK's drinking water, are in a healthier position than the same time last year.

But the dry weather is likely to have an impact on water supplies and if warm weather continues, those supplies could be depleted quickly.

Water UK is urging homes and businesses to "continue to save water to help safeguard against potential future drought conditions".

People can play their part in helping nature withstand the impacts of extreme heat with small, simple actions, Ms Morse explains.

A bowl of water in a garden or yard can provide water for thirsty hedgehogs, bees and butterflies.

And longer grass is more resilient in hotter weather and gives species a much-needed habitat to live in, so she suggests letting even small areas of lawn grow taller.

Five teachers at a preschool in Taiwan have been accused of drugging students

Investigations into the drugging of preschool children in Taiwan have sparked widespread alarm on the island.

Teachers at a kindergarten in New Taipei City have been accused of sedating students with cough syrups containing drugs like phenobarbital and benzodiazepines.

Police have been investigating for weeks and say it's not clear why the children were fed the addictive syrups.

But the scandal has sparked family protests outside government buildings.

Hundreds joined a demonstration in New Taipei City on Sunday calling for greater transparency from the police investigation, with many criticising authorities for their lack of public disclosure.

On Monday, a separate case also emerged concerning a medical practice in the southern city of Kaohsiung, on the other end of the island.

The local health department there found four doctors guilty of misconduct and improper use of phenobarbital on about 20 children. They were ordered to suspend their practice for six months, and were fined 1.4m Taiwanese dollars (£35,989, $46,121).

Amid growing public concern, Taipei City Hospital has also begun offering free blood tests for preschool children to check for traces of sedatives.

The measures come after the scandal first emerged in May, when parents at a private preschool in New Taipei City accused staff of feeding their children "unknown drugs".

Mike, a father of a five-year-old child, told BBC Chinese that parents had noticed what appeared to be withdrawal symptoms in their children over the long Lunar New Year holiday period in February.

"Some parents found their children, over the vacation, had become irritable, restless and screamed when sleeping, and even cried out with leg cramps," he said.

After speaking to the children, parents learnt that their teachers had fed them an "unknown potion". Complaints were filed with police in April and May.

Following more complaints from parents in June, local authorities launched an investigation, and found at least eight children with trace amounts of phenobarbital and benzodiazepines - a class of psychoactive drugs - in their system.

The kindergarten at the centre of the controversy, a franchise of the Kid Castle Educational Institute, was ordered to shut down on 12 June. Its directors have been fined 150,000 Taiwanese dollars(£3,800 $4,872).

The principal and five teachers were arrested and questioned by police but have since been released on bail. A criminal investigation is underway.

Local media reported that the staff said the parents had consented to a list of medicine provided by the school but some parents in response questioned the medicines used by the school.

A Taiwanese pharmacist told local media that, although rare, some cough and gastrointestinal medicine contain phenobarbital.

Drugs containing phenobarbital are mostly used in the treatment of epilepsy and or used as surgical anaesthesia, and are difficult to obtain.

Benzodiazepines are a class of depressant drugs most commonly used to treat severe anxiety.

The drugs are highly addictive, and overdose may lead to drowsiness and shortness of breath.

Three people were seriously assaulted as thousands of Celtic fans celebrated lifting the Scottish Premiership trophy.

Supporters gathered at Glasgow Cross in the city centre on Saturday afternoon.

Police said a 31-year-old man was in a serious condition at the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital after being attacked.

Two other men, aged 33 and 19, were taken to hospital after being assaulted in separate incidents.

They have since been discharged.

Police Scotland said officers were forced to intervene to prevent situations from escalating.

Ten people were arrested for a number of offences including assault, acts of public disorder and police assault.

Another eight people were issued with fixed penalty notices.

Police confirmed that 18 people sustained minor injuries mainly due to intoxication, and no officers were injured.

Inquiries into all reported incidents are ongoing.

Celtic fans gathered in Glasgow city centre after the team lifted the Scottish Premiership trophy

Supt Gerry Corrigan said: "Working with partners, a proportionate policing plan was in place which facilitated the gathering, prioritised public safety and sought to minimise disruption to businesses and communities.

"Throughout the day, there was an unacceptable level of anti-social behaviour and incidents of disorder.

"Police officers took swift and robust action to prevent these escalating."

The disorder came after the Parkhead side won 5-0 against Aberdeen.

A major clean-up operation was completed on Sunday after the celebrations left rubbish throughout the Glasgow city centre.

Plastic bags, bottles and cans were littered on the streets after the crowds cleared.

The council worked with police leading up to the match and refuse staff worked through the night to collect the debris.

Roads had been closed at short notice for safety reasons but were reopened on Sunday morning.

The council said traffic signals that had been damaged during the gathering had been repaired.

A spokesperson said: "A full assessment of the impact of the unofficial event will be undertaken. But the gathering clearly caused disruption to residents, local businesses and the roads network.

"We are also concerned about the anti-social behaviour and risk to public safety associated with the gathering.

"We will be engaging with our partners in Saturday's operation on how the issues that arose during the gathering can be addressed in future."

Celtic had already sealed their fate as champions before the match with Aberdeen kicked off at 12:30.

The league was settled with a victory at Tynecastle at the start of May.

Concerns were raised following Celtic's win last year, when police also described described the level of anti-social behaviour and littering as "unacceptable".

The post-match celebrations in 2022 featured flares and smoke bombs, however officers said there were no serious incidents or disorder.

The Dali cargo ship crashed into the Francis Scott Key Bridge, which collapsed.

A temporary route for ships has opened near the collapsed Baltimore bridge, as part of what officials call an "enormous" recovery effort.

Six people died after the Dali cargo ship struck the Francis Scott Key Bridge last week. Four bodies remain lost in the wreckage.

Shipments have also been suspended at the port, one of the busiest in the US.

Maryland Governor Wes Moore said: "We need to do more work clearing the channel in order to move forward."

At a press conference on Monday, he emphasised the urgency of moving the debris - which he said was a prerequisite for rebuilding the bridge - and outlined the hazards of the operation.

"Every time someone goes in the water, they're taking a risk," he said, after describing water "so murky" that divers could barely see beyond a foot in front them.

"Every time we move a piece of the structure, the situation could become even more dangerous. We have to move fast but we cannot be careless."

Governor Moore said that after a 10-hour operation, Unified Command was able to cut and lift a 200-tonne span of the bridge "almost the size of the Statue of Liberty".

"It's a small piece of what we're talking about," he said. "The scale of this project, to be clear, it is enormous, and even the small lifts are huge."

Those involved in the clean-up have been cutting debris from the bridge into smaller pieces that can be removed and taken to a disposal site.

Cranes have been erected on the site to help lift debris from the bridge. That includes the Chesapeake 1000, the largest crane on the eastern US seaboard.

The temporarily channel that opened on Monday would help officials get more vessels into the water around the site of the collapse, Governor Moore said.

The taskforce set up in the wake of the disaster said the temporary route was for "commercially essential vessels", and had been opened as part of a "phased approach to opening the main channel".

Currently, a 2,000-yard (1,828-metre) safety zone exists around the wreckage, preventing all vessels and people from entering the area without permission from port officials.

Roughly 80-90% of the bridge wreckage is currently underwater, according to officials.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: New drone video shows close-up view of debris from the Baltimore bridge collapse

US President Joe Biden is scheduled to visit the site on Friday, the White House has announced.

"As the president said within hours of the collapse, this administration will be with the people of Baltimore every step of the way," White House Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre told reporters on Monday.

The Port of Baltimore is a key economic generator for the state of Maryland and a vital artery for imports and exports of US and global trade.

Experts say it could take a month before it reopens, and years to rebuild the bridge. It is thought an investigation into last week's incident may take years.

The US government last week approved $60m (£47m) in initial emergency funds requested by Maryland. Mr Biden has said he hopes the government will entirely fund the bridge's reconstruction.

But that proposal was met with almost immediate backlash from conservative Republicans who aim to curb government spending.

"The very thought of having the Federal Government pay for the Baltimore bridge is TOTALLY ABSURD!!" South Carolina Republican Ralph Norman told The Hill by text message.

Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen said in an MSNBC interview on Wednesday that she expected insurance payments to cover some of the costs to rebuild the bridge.

The Dali container vessel - which is nearly as long as the Eiffel Tower - remains on the water. Its crew, all Indian nationals, are reportedly still aboard and unharmed.

Little is known about them, and it remains unclear when they will be allowed off the stranded ship.

The recovery has been further complicated by the amount of debris in the dark waters of the Patapsco River. Divers have been unable to see more than a foot or two in front of them.

Eight construction workers were repairing potholes on the Key Bridge when the Dali cargo ship veered into one of its columns, forcing most of the structure into the water.

Two were rescued and the bodies of two others have been recovered. The search for the remaining four - who are presumed dead - has been put on hold due to the challenges posed by the bridge debris.

Isabel Franco, the wife of Jose Mynor Lopez, who is still missing, told CBS News that the 35-year-old had a "good heart" and always "worried" about his family.

Four vehicles are also unaccounted for. Sonar scanning is ongoing for vehicles, human remains and debris that could potentially dislodge underwater.

Barge cranes near the collapsed Francis Scott Key Bridge in Baltimore.

The monarch has been at the centre of bitter feuds within the royal family

South Africa's Zulu King Misuzulu kaZwelithini is being treated in hospital for suspected poisoning, his traditional prime minister has said.

The king sought medical attention in Eswatini as he is uncomfortable with seeking treatment in South Africa, Chief Mangosuthu Buthelezi added.

This follows the sudden death of one of his senior advisers, also of suspected poisoning, Chief Buthelezi said.

However, the king's official spokesman said he was in "perfect health".

The monarch was currently not in hospital, and "unnecessary panic" should not be created, Prince Africa Zulu said, in what appeared to be an indirect reference to Chief Buthelezi's statement.

King Misuzulu was crowned in front of thousands of his subjects last October.

But a vicious power struggle has been raging within the royal family over the 48-year-old's accession, and tensions have also recently surfaced between the monarch and Chief Buthelezi.

The Zulu king does not have formal political power and the monarch's role within broader South African society is largely ceremonial, but he remains hugely influential with a yearly government-funded budget of several million dollars.

A faction within the family is challenging his claim to the throne in court, insisting that he is not the rightful heir of his late father, King Goodwill Zwelithini.

They insist that another son of the late king, Prince Simakade, should be the monarch.

King Zwelithini had six wives and at least 26 children.

His will has also been challenged in court by his first wife, Queen Sibongile Dlamini-Zulu, and her two daughters.

A court dismissed their case last year, but they said they would appeal against the ruling.

There is no suggestion that any members of the royal family are behind King Misuzulu's suspected poisoning.

The South African police have not yet commented on the claims.

In his statement, Chief Buthelezi said King Misuzulu's senior aide, Douglas Xaba who stayed with him, "passed on quite suddenly and that there are suspicions that he was poisoned".

"When His Majesty began to feel unwell, he suspected that he too may have been poisoned.

"He immediately sought out medical treatment in Eswatini. I am informed that His Majesty felt uncomfortable seeking treatment in South Africa, as his parents had both received treatment in South Africa and subsequently died," Chief Buthelezi said.

Chief Buthelezi added that while the king had recently appointed Prince Africa as the head of communications in his office, he, as the traditional prime minister, had an obligation to inform the Zulu nation of "this worrying situation".

"Our immediate concern is the King's wellbeing. We as the Zulu nation pray for His Majesty's full and swift recovery.

"Should there be any reason for further investigations, that will be attended to by the authorities," Chief Buthelezi said.

In his subsequent statement, Prince Africa said there appeared to be an "orchestrated agenda and a desperate narrative to communicate defamatory and baseless claims" about the king's health.

"Ultimately, this creates unnecessary panic and perceptions of instability in the Royal Crown," he added.

However, Prince Africa confirmed the monarch had undergone a thorough medical examination in Eswatini while visiting his uncle, King Mswati III.

The checks were carried out because of "our current times of pandemics such as Covid-19 and other dangerous ailments", and also "to mitigate against any untimely eventuality, given the reports of Mr Xaba's sudden passing".

King Misuzulu's accession to the throne was sooner than expected, and he has been at the centre of palace intrigue.

His father died during the Covid pandemic in March 2021 of diabetes-related complications.

He was the Zulu nation's longest-reigning monarch, having served on the throne for almost 50 years.

King Misuzulu's mother, Queen Mantfombi Dlamini-Zulu, then became the regent, but she died a month later.

She was the sister of Eswatini's King Mswati III - Africa's only absolute monarch.

At the time, Chief Buthelezi dismissed rumours that she had been poisoned.

He had backed King Misuzulu's accession to the throne after her death, but recent reports suggested that sharp differences had emerged between the two.

It followed a dispute over the chairmanship of the Ingonyama Trust Board, which manages vast tracts of land controlled by the monarch.

The king appointed Chief Thanduyise Mzimela as its chairman, but this was opposed by Chief Buthelezi who felt he was inexperienced for the post, according to local media.

British Airways has been fined $1.1m (£878,000) by the US government over claims it failed to pay refunds for cancelled flights during the pandemic.

The US Department of Transportation said the airline had not provided "timely refunds to passengers" for abandoned or rescheduled flights to and from the country.

It said it had received more than 1,200 complaints about the airline.

BA rejected the claims, saying it had "acted lawfully at all times".

According to the transport department, from March to November 2020, BA's website instructed consumers to contact the carrier by phone to discuss refund options, including for flights the carrier had cancelled or significantly changed.

However, consumers were unable to get through to customer service agents when calling the carrier for several months during this period because BA failed to maintain adequate functionality of its customer service phone lines , it said.

"There was also no way to submit a refund request through the carrier's website during this period," the department said.

It added that from March to November 2020, misleading information on BA's website had led consumers to inadvertently request travel vouchers instead of refunds.

It said that along with the 1,200 complaints received by the department, BA had received thousands more complaints and refund requests directly from consumers.

The department said the failures had "caused significant challenges and delays in thousands of consumers receiving required refunds".

It added that the fine established a "strong deterrent to future similar unlawful practices".

BA will be credited $550,000 towards the penalty because it paid more than $40m in refunds to customers with non-refundable tickets in 2020 and 2021.

The airline said: "We're very sorry that at the height of the unprecedented pandemic - when we were unfortunately forced to cancel thousands of flights and close some call centres due to government restrictions - our customers experienced slightly longer wait times to reach customer service teams.

"During this period, we acted lawfully at all times and offered customers the flexibility of rebooking travel on different dates, or claiming a refund if their flights were cancelled.

"To date, we have issued more than five million refunds since the start of the pandemic."

Last updated on .From the section Cycling

Mark Cavendish, one of Britain's most successful cyclists, will retire at the end of the season.

In 2021 he equalled the legendary Eddy Merckx's record of 34 Tour de France stage victories.

During a news conference at the Giro d'Italia, Cavendish, 38, said: "Cycling has been my life for over 25 years.

"It's taught me so much about life, dedication, loyalty, sacrifice and perseverance - all important things to pass on now as a father."

He added: "The bike's given me opportunities to see the world, meet incredible people who are involved and not involved in the sport - a lot of whom I call friends.

"Today it's my son Casper's fifth birthday; it's a rest day and I can spend that with them now. Now it's important to be there for every birthday, every school concert - important I can be there for them."

Cavendish enjoyed a glittering career as a sprinter, taking victories on the flatter, faster stages of races, particularly in the Grand Tours.

He has won 161 races since 2005 and two green points jerseys at the Tour.

Cavendish's other major achievements include an omnium silver medal at the 2016 Rio Olympics, the 2011 Road World Championships rainbow jersey, the 2009 Milano-San Remo 'monument' one-day classic, 16 stage wins in the Giro and three in the Vuelta a Espana.

He is currently riding for Astana Qazaqstan in the Giro, which ends in Rome on Sunday.

Cavendish experienced injury and illness from 2017, hinting at the end of the 2020 season that he could retire.

But following a return to form the following year he won four more Tour stages and the green jersey in his second spell with the successful Quick Step team, who helped reinvigorate his career.

Cavendish and his family were the victims of a violent robbery at their home in 2021.

He was omitted from Quick Step's Tour squad the following year, after which he signed for Astana Qazaqstan for 2023.

He will attempt to break the Tour stage win record at this year's race, which begins in Bilbao, Spain, on 1 July.

He added: "This is a perfect opportunity to say with absolute joy in my heart that this will be my final season as a professional cyclist.

"Right now there's no need to talk about my short- and long-term plans - I'll always be a cyclist, that's for sure.

"But for this final period I'd like to just enjoy doing what's made me happy for the last 25 years, and that's simply to race."

Cavendish's early career saw him competing for the Isle of Man on the track at the Commonwealth Games, winning gold in the men's scratch race in 2006

Cavendish, from the Isle of Man, showed promise as a BMX and mountain bike rider, and was then part of the new era of investment in cycling in Britain, which saw British Cycling dominate track cycling at the 2008 and 2012 Olympics.

Cavendish began his professional career in 2005 in a feeder team for T-Mobile, winning his first Tour stage in 2008 for Team Columbia.

He was known throughout his career as the 'Manx Missile' on account of his blistering finishing speed during bunch sprints.

At 5ft 7in, he has a low centre of gravity and can adopt an aerodynamically advantageous position on the bike during powerful bursts of speed.

Cavendish dominated sprinting for many years and is considered a big influence on younger riders across the peloton, including new British talents such as Quick Step's Ethan Vernon.

Cavendish is known to have a fiery persona on and occasionally off the bike, and during the 2021 Tour he was filmed berating a team mechanic before a stage.

Former Quick Step coach Tom Steels told BBC Sport last year: "When he steps out of the team bus you never know if he'll come back in five minutes like a wild bull because something is wrong with the bike.

"But you can always talk with him and once it's fixed it's over. It's not ever personal, but you never know how he can react."

Cavendish is immensely popular in the peloton and fiercely defends fellow riders who come in for criticism.

Former team-mate and 2018 Tour de France winner Geraint Thomas paid tribute, saying: "[Cavendish] told me at the start of the Giro [about his retirement]. I didn't really believe him and I thought he'd keep going.

"He is the greatest sprinter of all time really when you see his record. It's been an honour to ride with him and be mates with him for 25 years, that shows how old we both are now. It's incredible.

"What an incredible career he's had and he's still got to get this record at the Tour and hopefully win a stage here."

British Cycling performance director Stephen Park said: "Cav is without doubt the sport's greatest sprinter and will be remembered by fans across the world for his 53 Grand Tour stage wins.

"What most stands out in Cav as a sportsperson is the overwhelming sense of pride he showed each time he pulled on both the Great Britain cycling team and British national champion's jerseys - a quality we want to instil in every single member of our team."

Prof Chris Whitty has been a key government adviser during the pandemic

Threats to independent experts during the pandemic could undermine responses to disasters in the future, Prof Sir Chris Whitty has warned.

Giving evidence to the Covid public inquiry, England's chief medical officer, Sir Chris, said abuse and threats aimed at experts had been "extremely concerning".

In January 2022, a man was jailed for eight weeks after he accosted Sir Chris in a London park.

During the hearings into the two men the courts were told how one man, Jonathan Chew, 24, started filming Sir Chris on his phone while another, Lewis Hughes, also 24, grabbed him in a headlock.

The footage, lasting about 20 seconds, was widely shared on social media and showed the pair jeering as Sir Chris attempted to break free.

England's chief medical officer was not injured in the attack during the summer of 2021.

As well as the incident, Sir Chris and others have reported being abused on social media, as well as being shouted at in public.

Sir Chris told the inquiry: "We should be very firm in saying that society very much appreciates the work of these people [experts and scientists], who put in considerable amounts of time."

He said it was often provided without pay and also noted how universities were becoming stricter about releasing their academics.

Inquiry chair Baroness Hallett said she was "astonished and sorry" about what had happened.

After Sir Chris had finished giving evidence on Thursday into how well prepared the UK was for the pandemic, she said: "It's wrong for so many reasons, but I do know how distressing it can be.

"I hope that people will think twice but of course they never do before committing themselves to distressing acts unnecessarily.

"There are so many different ways to express different opinion. Why do we have to have personal abuse?"

During the rest of his evidence, Sir Chris said one of the key weaknesses the UK faced was the inability to scale up testing quickly.

And he described the national lockdown as the "very big new idea" of the Covid pandemic and "very radical thing to do".

"It was an extraordinarily major, social intervention with huge economic and social ramifications."

Sir Chris also defended the government scientific advisory group Sage, which he co-chaired during the pandemic, after suggestions there was not enough diversity of thought within the group.

There were no economic or social experts for example.

But Sir Chris said it would have been too "unwieldly" if a range of different experts were added to it.

Instead, he said the economic and societal consequences of responding to a pandemic should be done separately through a different mechanism.

Meanwhile, Sir Patrick Vallance, who was the government's chief scientific adviser during the pandemic, said it was a "regret" that during the pandemic it often took a long period of time for Sage research to be published.

"I believe that scientific advice should be made public - that's beneficial for everybody," he said.

He added it should always be open to "scrutiny, comment and challenge".

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Lee Anderson on the 1970s: "Our garden was our food bank."

People struggling with living costs were "more resourceful" in previous decades, the Tory deputy chairman has said.

Lee Anderson told the BBC there was a "different culture" in his youth, and people were more likely to take on extra work.

The MP - who grew up in a mining town - has faced criticism for previously questioning the need for food banks.

Recalling his childhood, he said "our garden was our foodbank".

He said his parents had "made do" in the 1970s, despite growing up in an environment that people today would see as "very, very, poor".

But speaking to the BBC's Political Thinking with Nick Robinson podcast, he said: "We didn't think we were in poverty.

"Things were more expensive I think back in the Seventies. Food was definitely more expensive, relatively speaking," he told the podcast.

"We had one holiday a year, which was a caravan in Skegness. We had a garden full of vegetables, [with] chickens at the bottom for the eggs.

"Perhaps if some people today could go back in a time machine and see how we lived, they'd think we were very, very, poor. But I didn't see that at the time."

When challenged that people some parts of the country today would not have a garden to grow vegetables in, he replied: "The point I was making was people were more resourceful when I was growing up as a child.

"They were more resourceful. My parents were the children of men that had fought in the war, they'd gone through very, very difficult times.

"So it was a different culture, there was a different outlook on life. And they made do.

"My dad always said to me - if you need more money, go and work a weekend shift, do a bit of overtime. It wasn't 'complain on Facebook or Twitter or go and do a TikTok video or just complain to government'."

Political opponents of the Tory deputy chairman have tried to use his ability to hit headlines against him

Mr Anderson, who grew up in Ashfield, Nottinghamshire, a former mining area which he now represents as MP, was appointed deputy Tory chairman by Rishi Sunak last month.

Since then he has found himself at the centre of media storms for his outspoken views on issues such as migrant Channel crossings, his support for the death penalty, and the use of food banks.

Before his appointment, he was branded "out of touch" last year for suggesting people needed to learn how to cook and budget "properly", rather than use food banks.

He later defended his comments, saying he was glad to have started a "debate" on the issue.

In his interview with Nick Robinson, he said anyone earning an annual salary of £35,000 "should not be using a food bank" when asked about a row over whether nurses had used the resource.

He said that whenever he talked about the issue, his inbox was flooded with people making supportive comments "saying 'you know what Lee, thank goodness somebody is speaking out, we actually agree with you'".

Pressed on whether higher housing costs in places like Barking, a London borough, could lead people on this income to use a food bank, he replied: "Where are they?"

"I get pensioners contacting me from southern constituencies who are on peanuts, there's on less than twenty grand a year, they're not using foodbanks."

At a parliamentary debate following his interview, Mr Anderson went on to say food banks were "being abused," with some families treating them "like a weekly shop".

He said there was a need for more education, to help families struggling with food costs to cook cheaper meals.

His comments earned him a rebuke from Labour MP Fleur Anderson, who accused him of making "provocative statements completely detached from the facts".

"There's a reason for [the] huge increase in needing to go to foodbanks, and that is because the system is entirely broken, and that is after 13 years of the Conservatives breaking that system," she added.

There was also criticism from the SNP's Patricia Gibson, who said food bank use was increasing because of rising prices, and compared Mr Anderson to "Mr Scrooge without the compassion".

She accused him of trying to "lecture" people who were struggling with living costs, branding it "staggeringly insensitive".

Former official Sue Gray broke civil service rules after failing to declare contact with Labour over a job offer, the Cabinet Office has said.

Ms Gray, who led a probe into lockdown parties in Downing Street, was cleared to work for Labour by Parliament's appointments adviser last week.

It said she could start as Sir Keir Starmer's chief of staff in September.

Labour said all rules were followed and branded the finding a "political stunt".

The party said the Cabinet Office had "spent weeks wasting time on this Mickey Mouse nonsense"."We're looking forward to Sue Gray joining us this September as we continue to show the country that only Labour can build a better Britain," a Labour spokesperson said.

Labour said Ms Gray only had one phone call with Sir Keir before she resigned in March, and the conversation did not relate to any government business.

Civil servants - who develop and implement government policies - are expected to be politically impartial.

In a statement, Cabinet Office minister Jeremy Quin said the government's inquiry found the code "was prima facie broken as a result of the undeclared contact between Ms Gray and the leader of the opposition".

Mr Quin said Ms Gray was given the opportunity to make representations but chose not to do so.

However, the Cabinet Office cannot impose any retrospective punishments, as Ms Gray is no longer working for the government.

"The rules and guidance that govern the conduct of civil servants are clear and transparent," Mr Quin said. "It is deeply unfortunate that events have transpired in this way."

Ms Gray was thrust into the public spotlight last year when she led an investigation into gatherings in government offices during the Covid-19 pandemic, while Boris Johnson was prime minister.

Her report found staff attended events on multiple occasions while the rest of the UK was in lockdown, and partly blamed the leadership in Downing Street.

Mr Johnson faced calls to resign following the report, which contributed to the Tory disquiet that led to his downfall as prime minister.

Some Tories had expressed anger that Ms Gray was offered a job as the Labour leader's chief of staff, arguing it undermined the impartiality of her inquiry into lockdown-breaking parties.

Last week, the Advisory Committee on Business Appointments (Acoba) said Ms Gray had to wait until September to start her new role with Labour.

Ms Gray told Acoba she received a call from Sir Keir in October last year, when he raised the idea of her working for Labour in a senior capacity.

The committee said it was "quite normal for individuals to discuss the possibility of new roles before leaving office" but "any potential conflict must be declared".

The committee said there was no evidence her contact with Labour had impacted her actions in her civil service role or her ability to remain impartial.

However, it said there remained "a potential risk to the perceived impartiality of the civil service that would be exacerbated" if she took up the job immediately on leaving office.

As well as a six-month break, the committee also recommended Ms Gray should not be personally involved in lobbying the government on behalf of the opposition for two years from the date she left the civil service.

With a general election expected next year, Ms Gray will play a key role in helping Labour prepare for government, if it wins power.

Executions at the Oklahoma Department of Corrections became more difficult after the supply of a drug used in lethal injections was cut off

When the supply of drugs used for lethal injections began to run out, a couple of prison guards in the US had to go out and find another source.

For over 20 years, Randy Workman was the man who walked people to their death.

As a senior corrections officer in the state of Oklahoma, he personally participated in 32 executions in various roles, including escorting prisoners, selecting executioners and sourcing lethal injection drugs.

"You could tell the moment they expired. You watch enough of them, you can just tell immediately they were gone," he told the BBC.

But his job took an unexpected turn in 2010, when Hospira, the maker of the drug sodium thiopental, stopped production in the US due to an unspecified issue with obtaining raw materials.

The drug, which renders a person unconscious and suppresses the nervous system, was one of three drugs in a cocktail widely used in executions, and the oldest drug to be approved for capital punishment.

The company tried to move production to Italy in 2011, where capital punishment is illegal, but the country refused to allow it unless Hospira could guarantee it wouldn't be used in executions.

So it became Mr Workman's job to find the drug from alternative sources.

"You felt isolated because you felt like the world was mad at you," he said.

"It made you feel like you're doing something wrong. If you believe in the death penalty, we're really not."

At one point, Mr Workman was able to make connections with a drug company in India that looked like it would be able to deliver a supply unimpeded, but he abandoned the idea when he found the company didn't have the approval process used in the US.

It meant he couldn't guarantee what the drugs would do, if used.

"That was a scary thought. You don't really know what you're getting into and really can't take chances on the process," he said.

In the state of Arizona, prison boss Carson McWilliams was also on the search for lethal dugs.

Carson McWilliams said he was involved in 29 executions while working for the Arizona Department of Corrections

He had been calling around US based pharmaceutical companies asking if they had any drugs left over from previous shipments.

"I probably contacted every drug company there was that I knew of. Most of them wouldn't even talk to me."

When none did, he too turned to the India supplier. In his case, he did order a few shipments, as did the Texas Correctional Department.

It was vital to procure the drugs, Mr McWilliams said, because in Arizona when a warrant for execution is issued, a penitentiary has 31 days to fulfil it before the warrant expired, at which point they would have to start the process again.

"That clock starts ticking. You're under the gun to make it happen. So you have to be creative and do what you got to do to make it happen," he said.

But when the drugs arrived in the US, federal officials confiscated them, putting Mr McWilliams back at square one.

That's when he made a connection with a pharmacist in England who could supply sodium thiopental. At that time, supply of the chemical was legal.

"It felt good because we know what these drugs are and we've used them before. And so we feel really confident that these drugs are fine," he said.

But the supplier wasn't a big drug company. In fact, Medhi Alawi operated out of an address which apparently also operated as a driving school in Acton, London.

Hundreds of vials of white powder had been parcelled into a cardboard box and sent off to Carson McWilliam's office in Florence, Arizona, making him one of the last suppliers in the US.

Word got round with prison authorities across the country, and soon emails were flying around between correctional officers, requesting access to the drugs ordered from the UK.

"May have a secret and important mission for you," read one email between Scott, the boss of San Quentin Correctional Department, and his officer, Tony.

"I might need one of your SoCal guys to go to Florence, AZ and pick up a quantity of the drug and drive it to SQ."

The men who came, he says, "might have been in a rock band as opposed to being a couple of people coming over from California department of Corrections… they had real big beards".

Afterward he received an email from the California team: "You guys in Arizona are life savers - Buy you a beer next time I get that way."

Mr McWilliams thought they had cracked their hunt for life-ending drugs but most of the shipment from London was confiscated by the US Food and Drug Administration because of licensing issues.

Some vials of the drugs, however, had already been used to carry out executions in Arizona and Georgia.

In 2011, the UK made it illegal to export drugs for use in capital punishment.

Without a steady supply of sodium thiopental coming from the UK, the search continued for years. Controversially, some states even tried different drug combinations in executions.

Joel Zivot, an associate professor at the Emory University School of Medicine who has campaigned against lethal injection procedures for the past decade, said drugs and other medical tools should not be used in executions.

"No serious pharmaceutical company is producing medicines with execution in mind. When the Department of Corrections uses medicine to kill, it is a misuse of that product," he told the BBC.

He said that rather than end production of drugs that have other therapeutic purposes, governments ought to step in and pass regulations that restrict how these drugs are used.

Some, including Mr McWilliams, who supports the death penalty, thought that the new drug combinations had different effects than the original formula.

"The original drug cocktail that people use - everyone knew it worked well and there was no issues with it. Some of the other drugs weren't quite as effective, so that did cause executions to last longer," he said.

Lawyers for convicted murderer Joseph Wood sued to halt his execution over concerns about the supply of the drugs used in Arizona. The Supreme Court eventually allowed his execution to go ahead in 2014, but the procedure took almost two hours and resulted in him being injected 15 times.

That led Arizona to temporarily halt executions to review the state's procedures. Capital punishment only restarted in the state in 2022.

Charles Ryan, director of Arizona's department of corrections, said in a statement after Wood's execution: "Once the inmate was sedated, he did not grimace or make any further movement." He said he "was assured unequivocally that the inmate was comatose and never in pain or distress".

Also in 2014, the execution of Clayton Lockett in Oklahoma failed and he died shortly after of a heart attack. Some blamed a previously-unused drug cocktail that was used, while reports also suggested a problem with the IV used to administer the drug.

The failure was condemned by the UN and President Barack Obama, and helped shine a harsh light on capital punishment in the US - the only democracy in the western world to still carry out executions. Many have argued the use of newer drugs and combinations of drugs violated the US constitution's prohibition against "cruel and unusual" punishment.

But despite concerns, the Supreme Court has repeatedly upheld the legality of the death penalty - and the use of lethal injection drugs.

Today, the death penalty continues, but it has declined steadily, and concerns about the methods used remain.

Oklahoma is one of just five US states to have actually carried out an execution in 2023.

Right now, there are approximately 2,400 prisoners in US penitentiaries on death row. At the time of writing, 20 prisoners had been put to death in 2023, down from its modern-era peak in 1999 when there were 98 executions carried out by 20 states across the US.

More than 60 global pharmaceutical companies won't allow their drugs to be used in capital punishment.

Without reliable access, five states - Idaho, Mississippi, Oklahoma, Utah and South Carolina - have passed laws to allow prisoners to choose to die by firing squad as an alternative.

Deborah Denno, a professor of law from the Fordham Law School in New York City, says the difficulty of obtaining lethal injection drugs is one of the reasons for the decline in the number of executions.

She said executions have always had an "element of secrecy associated with them. But that secrecy became more pronounced" after drug shortages became widespread.

Some states even brought in laws to keep information about what drugs were being used a secret, like Georgia's Lethal Injection Secrecy Act in 2013.

This raised concerns, she said. Although she does not oppose the death penalty, she is critical of the methods currently being used.

"They will say that they have secrecy as security issues to protect what goes on inside a prison. But there's absolutely no reason why we can't know what kinds of drugs are being used."

Paul Cassell, a Professor of Law at University of Utah who supports the death penalty, said the drug issue has been seized upon by campaigners.

He believes the shortage of lethal injection drugs is "used as a kind of choke point to block the death penalty".

Randy Workman was a corrections officer for over 20 years

Both Randy Workman and Carson McWilliams are now retired.

Mr McWilliams was involved in 29 executions while working for the corrections department.

"I didn't grow up thinking, hey, this is what I want to do for a living. It's just what happened to my job."

Mr Workman still lives near the Oklahoma State Penitentiary on a small farm, about two hours outside Oklahoma city.

It's a quiet spot, and a world away from the high security jail filled with 1,200 inmates where he spent his working life.

He is happy in retirement, relaxed and cheerful. He loves his wife and his goats, but he's also held onto some memorabilia from his time working in corrections, including a knife confiscated as prison contraband.

Reflecting on his years spent hunting down life-ending drugs, Mr Workman said "it was a horrible problem. It was like dealing with a dope dealer".

He supports the death penalty, but was "ready to get out of it" and now does pastoral outreach in prison.

"I don't like watching people die. I don't care what they've done. They're still people," he said.

Cardiff student Alice Moore says she should not have to "scrimp" due to her disability

Most people are affected by the cost of living crisis, but for those like Alice Moore, it is even more of an issue.

The 21-year-old Cardiff University student has cystic fibrosis, meaning she cannot easily cut her spending on food for health reasons.

She must buy specific products not often available in more affordable supermarkets, which has become harder since prices have soared.

"I do financially worry anyway," she said.

"It's annoying that it's not a choice I can make to scrimp on things because of my disability.

"I have to dip into my own money [to cover it]," she said. "It shouldn't be that way, and I have to scrimp and save on other things now because I need to afford food."

Disabled Students UK, the biggest disabled student-led organisation in the country, said the lack of support for students like her is "really disappointing".

The Welsh government has said it is committed to supporting disabled students through the cost of living crisis, but the National Union of Students (NUS) Wales believed more could be done to "ensure a level playing field".

Another disabled student, Hannah Stansfield, 25, said: "I can't eat a lot of foods because of sensory overload. I can't just go and find a cheaper version.

"It's a big stress right now."

The Cardiff Metropolitan student has autism and said she must often buy "really expensive" brands as they are the only things she can eat.

Both students receive personal independence payments (PIP), a government benefit that helps disabled people with living costs.

The two components to PIP are daily living and mobility. In April, the maximum daily living component rose from £92.40 to £101.75 a week, while the maximum mobility component rose from £64.50 to £71.

But Amelia McLoughlan of Disabled Students UK said this "certainly" does not reflect inflation.

"It's a £30 increase, the PIP uplift as they're calling it - it isn't much of an uplift," she said.

She said many disabled students cannot cut spending in areas where other students might, so PIP "doesn't cover the potential extra cost [of being disabled]."

Alice mainly spends her PIP on food, but said the remainder goes on travel to hospital appointments.

"Where PIP payment hasn't been increased to reflect inflation, I do find myself having to dip into my own money to pay for things," she said.

Another form of financial help available to disabled students is the Disabled Students Allowance (DSA), which is intended to cover study-related costs like specialist equipment. This academic year, students can receive up to £26,291 a year for support.

But in 2022, a report by Lord Holmes of Richmond showed just 29% of students in England and Wales with a known disability are receiving DSA, with some students reporting a "time-consuming" and "overly-bureaucratic" process.

Cardiff Metropolitan student Jasmine Treharne, 20, who said it takes a "minimum of six weeks" for her to be refunded for any purchases, which can be inconvenient.

Helen Saelensminde, chief executive of the Snowdon Trust - a charity that provides disabled students with grants and scholarships - agreed that there are issues with the allowance.

"For some disabled students, their costs go way beyond the limits of DSA," she said.

Jasmine Treharne worries that taking on any extra responsibilities to earn money would cause her studies to suffer

The option to supplement loans and grants with income from part-time work is not open to many disabled students.

Having been diagnosed with dyslexia at university, Jasmine previously struggled with time management and organisation. She worries that extra responsibilities could lead to her failing.

"Right now, with the help I'm getting, I'm quite okay with the study, but I feel like if I get a part-time job, I'm not going to have enough time to focus on my studies," she said.

"It's quite a struggle. I have to ask to borrow money from people and I go overdrawn in my bank."

Disability charity Scope reported earlier this year that disabled households face an additional £1,122 a month on average to have the same standard of living as non-disabled households.

Ms McLoughlan said this meant the cost of living crisis was having a "serious" affect on disabled students.

"It's hard to quantify because different campuses are going to have specific issues," she said.

She added that if nothing changes, it would be "survival of the fittest, and that's really worrying".

The National Union of Students (NUS) Wales said disabled students were among those "hit hardest by cruel cuts to services".

The Welsh government said it was investing £17.7m to enable further education providers to support students with additional learning needs.

"We are committed to supporting all disabled students through the cost of living crisis, so they can continue to access the education they need to develop the skills required to reach their full potential."

The UK government has been asked to comment.

South Korean soldiers stand guard in the village of Panmunjom in the Joint Security Area

North Korea is believed to have detained a serving US army soldier who crossed the heavily fortified border from South Korea without permission.

The man, identified by the Pentagon as Private 2nd Class (PV2) Travis King, 23, was on an organised tour of the UN-run zone dividing the two countries.

The crisis comes during a particularly tense time with the North, one of the world's most isolated states.

A senior US commander said there had been no contact with the soldier.

Admiral John Aquilino Commander of the US Indo-Pacific Command said he was "not tracking" contact with North Korea.

He said PV2 King had acted willingly by "making a run" across the border without authorisation, and the incident was being investigated by US Forces Korea.

On its travel advisory, the US tells its citizens not to travel to North Korea due to "the continuing serious risk of arrest" and the "critical threat of wrongful detention".

Hours after his detention, North Korea launched two suspected ballistic missiles into the nearby sea, however there has been no suggestion that it is tied to the soldier's detention.

South Korea's military confirmed the missile launch, which comes as tensions run high on the Korean peninsula.

It is unclear if the soldier has defected to North Korea or hopes to return, and there has been no word yet from the North.

In a statement, a Pentagon spokesperson said that PV2 King had been in the army since January 2021.

He is a cavalry scout - a reconnaissance specialist - originally assigned to an element of the army's 1st Armoured Division on a rotation with the US military in South Korea.

But he got into trouble there - officials in Seoul have confirmed that he spent two months in prison for assault charges.

The Yonhap news agency quoted "legal sources" as saying that he was fined for "repeatedly kicking" the back door of a police patrol vehicle in the capital's Mapo district, and shouted "foul language" at the police who apprehended him.

He was also suspected of punching a Korean national at a nightclub in September, the report said.

It is unclear if these were the reasons for his imprisonment.

PV2 King was released from prison on 10 July and was escorted to the airport for a US-bound flight.

Seoul officials said he passed through airport security but then somehow managed to leave the terminal and get on a tour of the border, from where he crossed over into North Korea.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

An eyewitness on the same tour told the BBC's US partner CBS News that they had visited a building at the border site - reported by local media to be the truce village of Panmunjom - when "this man gives out a loud 'ha ha ha' and just runs in between some buildings".

"I thought it was a bad joke at first but, when he didn't come back, I realised it wasn't a joke and then everybody reacted and things got crazy," they said.

The United Nations Command, which operates the Demilitarised Zone and joint security area (JSA), said earlier its team had made contact with the North Korean military to try to negotiate his release.

"We believe he is currently in DPRK [North Korean] custody and are working with our KPA [Korean People's Army - North Korea's military] counterparts to resolve this incident," it said.

It is unclear where or in what conditions PV2 King is being held.

Greg Scarlatoiu, executive director of the Washington DC-based Committee for Human Rights in North Korea, told the BBC that authorities in the North were likely to "try pump information out of him" about his military service and "try to coerce him into becoming a propaganda tool".

The Demilitarised Zone (DMZ) separates the two Koreas and is one of the most heavily fortified areas in the world.

It is filled with landmines, surrounded by electric and barbed wire fencing and surveillance cameras. Armed guards are supposed to be on alert 24 hours a day.

The DMZ has separated the two countries since the Korean War in the 1950s, in which the US backed the South. The war ended with an armistice, meaning that the two sides are still technically at war.

Dozens of people try to escape North Korea every year, fleeing poverty and famine, but defections across the DMZ are extremely dangerous and rare. The country sealed its borders in 2020 at the start of the Covid-19 pandemic and has yet to reopen them.

The last time a soldier defected at the JSA was in 2017, when a North Korean soldier drove a vehicle, then ran by foot across the military demarcation line, South Korea said at the time.

The soldier was shot at 40 times, but survived.

Before the pandemic more than 1,000 people fled from North Korea to China every year, according to numbers released by the South Korean government.

The detention of the soldier presents a major foreign policy headache for US President Joe Biden. PV2 King is believed to be the only American citizen currently in North Korean custody. Six South Koreans remain in detention there.

Relations between the US and the North plummeted in 2017 after US student Otto Warmbier, who had been arrested a year earlier for stealing a propaganda sign, was returned to the US in a comatose state and later died.

His family blames the North Korean authorities for his death.

Three US citizens were later freed during Donald Trump's presidency in 2018. But ultimately, a series of talks held between Kim Jong Un and the former US president did little to improve the relationship.

North Korea has since tested dozens of increasingly powerful missiles that could carry nuclear warheads, which have been met by a slew of sanctions by the US and its allies.

The detention of the US national comes on the same day as a US nuclear-capable submarine docked in South Korea for the first time since 1981.

The submarine was specifically supplied to help the country deal with the nuclear threat posed by North Korea.

Ahead of its deployment there were threats of retaliation from the authorities in Pyongyang, which warned the US that sending nuclear weapons to the peninsula could spark a nuclear crisis.

Det Ch Insp John Caldwell has been involved in a number of major investigations

A tenth man has been arrested in connection with the shooting of Det Ch Insp John Caldwell.

The man, aged 45, was detained in Belfast under the Terrorism Act on Tuesday evening.

Det Ch Insp John Caldwell suffered life-changing injuries in the attack in Omagh last month.

Investigators said their main line of enquiry into the attempted murder was dissident republican group the New IRA.

Eight other men, aged 72, 57, 47, 45, 43, 33, 38 and 22, arrested in connection with the attempted murder have since been released.

A 25-year-old man, detained over a claim of responsibility made for the shooting was also released following questioning.

Last week, the independent charity Crimestoppers announced a new reward for information about the attack.

It had previously offered £20,000 but said anonymous donors had helped to increase that to £150,000.

Det Ch Supt Eamonn Corrigan said the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) was "working relentlessly to bring those responsible to justice".

Det Ch Insp Caldwell, 48, was left critically ill after he was shot while putting footballs into his car after coaching young people at football.

The shooting, which occurred in front of school children, has been widely condemned by political figures across Northern Ireland.

He is one of the best-known detectives in the PSNI, often fronting press conferences on major inquiries during his 26-year career.

Mr Caldwell had coached a Beragh Swifts training session at Youth Sport Omagh when the gunmen approached and shot him at about 20:00 GMT on 22 February.

Police believe the body of Ivy Webster was among the seven found in a rural Oklahoma home

Seven bodies have been found on a property in Henryetta, a small town in rural Oklahoma, during a search for two missing teenagers.

Police said they believe the girls they were looking for, Ivy Webster, 14, and Brittany Brewer, 16, were among the dead.

The corpse of Jesse McFadden, a felon and registered sex offender who police said the girls were travelling with, was also found.

Police did not list the cause of death.

Local officials have not publicly identified the other four bodies, but Janette Mayo, 59, of Westville, Oklahoma told AP News the other victims were her daughter, Holly Guess, 35, and her grandchildren, Rylee Elizabeth Allen, 17, Michael James Mayo, 15, and Tiffany Dore Guess, 13.

Ms Mayo said the sheriff's office had notified her. She told AP her family had not known about McFadden's criminal record until a few months ago.

"He lied to my daughter, and he convinced her it was all just a huge mistake," she told the outlet.

The Oklahoma Highway Patrol issued an endangered missing person advisory for Ivy Webster and Brittany Brewer on Monday.

They were reported to have been friends with Holly Guess, and to have spent the weekend with the family.

Authorities executed a search warrant at McFadden's home after he failed to attend court on Monday morning. He was due to stand trial for 2017 allegations of soliciting a minor and possession of child pornography.

Okmulgee County Sheriff Eddy Rice said he believed Ivy and Brittany were found in the search, but said the state medical examiner would need to confirm their identities.

"Our hearts go out to the families and friends, schoolmates and everyone else," Mr Rice said.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Brittany's father, Nathan Brewer, told local news he was in shock.

"I'm lost. I'm really lost. End of school's fixing to be here, she ain't gonna be there. I mean she's gone," he said. "I have five kids but she was like my sidekick."

"Brittany was an outgoing person. She was actually selected to be Miss Henryetta ... coming up in July for this Miss National Miss pageant in Tulsa. And now she ain't gonna make it because she's dead."

At a vigil held on Monday night, Mr Brewer told the crowd "it's just a parent's worst nightmare".

Henryetta Public Schools posted on Facebook that it was mourning the loss of several of its students. It cancelled a graduation planned on Monday for kindergarten students until further notice, and said it would provide students with grief counselling and access to mental health professionals.

"Our hearts are hurting," the post read. "Please continue to keep these families in your thoughts and prayers."

Two fundraising pages naming Ivy and Brittany have been set up to pay for funeral expenses and support the families.
• None Oklahoma sheriff gives update on seven found bodies

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: 'They've taken my baby' - Mother of teen shot by police

At least 150 people have been arrested across France on a second night of mass unrest over Tuesday's fatal shooting of a 17-year-old boy by police near Paris during a traffic check.

Town halls, schools and police stations were set on fire. President Emmanuel Macron said this was "unjustifiable".

The police officer who opened fire is now under formal investigation for voluntary homicide.

Nahel M was shot at point-blank range as he drove away from police.

French prosecutors argue that the use of a firearm was not legally justified.

On Wednesday morning, President Macron held a crisis cabinet meeting to discuss the escalating riots.

Interior Minister Gérald Darmanin said that France had witnessed "a night of unbearable violence".

He said "the state must be firm in its response", adding that 40,000 police officers would be mobilised across the country later in the day to prevent any further violence.

Overnight, clashes were reported across suburbs of Paris - but some of the most violent confrontations were in Nanterre, where the teenager was shot dead.

Videos shared on social media showed cars being set alight and shops being ransacked on Wednesday across the Paris region.

A prison in Fresnes, south of the capital, was also attacked with fireworks by rioters overnight, AFP reported.

The news agency said videos showed about 20 young men attacking the entrance to the prison with fireworks and projectiles. Videos shared to social media showed an alarm sounding during the attack.

The violence was particularly concentrated around the Pablo Picasso district there, where young people took to the streets after the sun set.

"They're backing off! Let's go guys, let's go, death to cops!" one yelled, while various cars and rubbish bins were set alight.

While the violence was concentrated in that district, protesters targeted other regions across Paris, with many firing fireworks into police stations.

In the northern city of Lille, footage posted online showed people inside the town hall of the Mons-en-Barœul suburb setting documents and chairs alight.

And elsewhere, in the western town of Rennes, about 300 people gathered to pay tribute to the teen. Some of them also lit fires and were dispersed by police.

On Tuesday, French President Emmanuel Macron said the shooting of Nahel was "unforgivable".

But his comments drew an angry reaction from police unions, who accused him of rushing to judge the officers involved.

The Alliance Police union called for them to be presumed innocent until found guilty, while the rival Unité SGP Police also spoke of political interventions that encouraged "anti-cop hatred".

Mr Darmanin said he would be taking legal action against another group, France Police, after it published what he called an "unacceptable and abject" tweet seeking to justify the teenager's killing.

The now-deleted tweet said "bravo" to the officers who "opened fire on a young criminal" and blamed the teen's parents for his death, claiming they had been "unable to educate their son".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Nahel's mother Mounia, speaking in a social media video, said they had taken away her baby and urged people to join a march in remembrance of her son.

"He was still a child. He needed his mother," she said. "He kissed me goodbye in the morning and said, 'I love you mum'.

"An hour later, I was told that someone shot my son. What shall I do? He was my life. He was everything to me."

The officer accused of killing him, who said he had fired because he felt his life was in danger, is in custody on charges of voluntary manslaughter.

Nahel, who a neighbour says came from a French-Algerian family, is the second person this year in France to have been killed in a police shooting during a traffic stop. Last year, a record 13 people died in this way.

Rights groups have criticised a 2017 law change which broadened the framework for when officers can use firearms.

Citing official statistics, Le Monde newspaper reported that the annual number of police shootings at moving vehicles has consistently been higher since the change.

Campaigner Rokhaya Diallo told BFMTV that more shots fired meant a higher risk of being hit, especially for people of colour.

Reuters news agency found that a majority of victims of lethal police shootings during traffic stops since 2017 were black or Arab.

Firefighters extinguish a burning vehicle in Nanterre following protests in the wake of Nahel's death

According to French media, police initially suggested the teen drove his car towards them with the intention of hurting them.

But footage posted online and verified by the AFP news agency shows an officer pointing his weapon at the driver through his window and appearing to fire at point-blank range as he tries to drive off.

The agency also reports that a person in the video can be heard saying: "You're going to be shot in the head" - but it is unclear who says it.

Two others were in the car at the time of the shooting. One fled while another, also a minor, was arrested and held by police.

"Nothing justifies the death of a young person," President Macron told reporters in Marseille, calling for "calm for justice to be done".

"I would like to express the feelings of the entire nation at what has happened and the death of young Nahel, and to tell his family of our solidarity and the nation's affection."

"We have a teenager who has been killed. It's inexplicable, unforgivable," he said, adding that the the case was immediately referred to the courts where he hoped justice would "do its job quickly".

Authorities have opened two separate investigations following the teen's death - one into a possible killing by a public official, and another into the driver's failure to stop his vehicle and the alleged attempt to kill a police officer.

For the first time, more than 2.5 million people in the UK are out of work because of a long-term health problem. The number has jumped by half a million since the start of the pandemic - but, BBC News analysis reveals, the impact is spread unevenly across the country, with some regions and types of job far more affected.

For Mary Starling, there are good days and bad days.

The 61-year-old is on strong painkillers, for arthritis. She needs a knee replacement - but that could mean another 18 months on an NHS waiting list.

"I feel despair - but I'm resigned to it," she says. "I understand it isn't possible to magic up something, though it's wearing not being able to plan my life."

Mary, a former nurse who later worked for the World Health Organization, has already had seven knee operations.

She gave up full-time work in 2004 but continued in part-time and voluntary roles until the pain became too much.

Mary is keen to return to that work - but needs her operation first.

"My job was a huge part of my life and I miss it," she says.

"I miss the camaraderie - and I miss being useful, in a sense."

Something strange seems to be affecting the UK workforce.

The country is in its fourth year of sharply rising chronic illness.

The highest rates are among 50- to 64-year-olds - but there have also been significant increases in some younger groups.

Although the link is not conclusive, the Bank of England has said record NHS waiting lists are likely to be playing a "significant role".

And there are hints of this in Office for National Statistics (ONS) data.

Some of the largest increases are in people reporting mobility difficulties, such as leg and back problems, or heart and blood-pressure problems.

More younger people, in particular, say they are not in work because of different forms of mental illness.

And separate NHS waiting-list data for England paints a similar picture - with lengthy delays for knee and hip replacements, cardiac surgery and community mental-health care.

But the largest increase in long-term sickness is in the catch-all "other health problems" category, likely to include some of those with "long Covid" symptoms.

Patrick Dumayne training at his gym, subsidised by the Welsh government.

Patrick Dumayne, a milk-tanker driver by trade, caught the virus in July 2020.

"For a while, I started to recover - and then, I went downhill again rapidly," he says.

As he works out at a gym in Welshpool, Powys, the 54-year-old's breathing is still laboured.

"At the worst point, I was suicidal. I am a 6ft-tall truck driver and biker - and I just sat down at the end of the bed and broke down," Patrick says.

"A big part of that was not being able to work - both the finances and not having that routine every day. It was truly horrible."

Patrick has been receiving support from the Welsh government and now plans to get back behind the wheel early next year.

Both long waiting lists and long Covid are part of the problem, independent charity the Health Foundation says - but as sickness rates began rising a year before the pandemic, they are unlikely to be the main causes.

BBC News analysis of ONS Annual Population Survey (APS) data shows large variations in sickness, with high - and rising - rates among people who recently worked in transportation, retail or hospitality.

Jobs requiring more physical effort are more likely to lead to leg, back and other musculoskeletal disorders. While in solitary jobs, loneliness can be a real problem.

Every year, one in four truck drivers experiences mental-health issues, according to the Road Haulage Association.

"It doesn't help that roadside facilities are often poor and when they do find somewhere to pull up for the night, they're faced with unhealthy food choices," the association's Sally Gilson says.

Workers in lower-paid, manual jobs tend to have poorer health and life expectancy in the first place. The reasons for this are complex, taking in everything from diet and smoking, to access to GPs, to the quality of local housing and green spaces.

The concern - from the Health Foundation and others - is the pandemic might have worsened some of these underlying health inequalities.

BBC News analysis of the latest ONS data, up to June 2022, also reveals stark differences across the country.

The highest long-term sickness rates are in Northern Ireland, north-east England and Wales.

But in London, which has a younger population, the numbers have actually fallen 3% since the start of the pandemic.

The largest rises were in the parts of the Midlands, south-east England and Wales. The East Midlands alone has seen a 21% jump, to a record 176,400 people.

Many of the 50- to 64-year-olds now reporting ill health as the main reason for being off work have already been out of the jobs market for several years for other reasons, such as early retirement or caring responsibilities, Institute of Fiscal Studies (IFS) research suggests.

If that's the case, the impact on the economy from those missing workers may be not as bad as some had feared.

But it still leaves the government with two distinct problems - how to:

"This is a serious change," IFS research economist Beatrice Boileau says.

"And any policy that only looks at one of those issues is not going to be successful."

A government review into workforce participation, ordered by Chancellor Jeremy Hunt, is due to report back early next year.

Minister for Disabled People Tom Pursglove said: "It is clear a heathier, more productive workforce is key to driving growth and tackling inactivity.

"Government and employers must work together to unlock talent for those who may be facing health barriers."

You can follow Jim on Twitter.

Kayden Frank was found dead at a flat in Paisley after reports of concern to police

The death of a four-year-old boy in a flat in Paisley is being treated as murder, police have said.

Kayden Frank was found dead at a property in Argyle Street at about 20:00 on Monday, along with the body of a 38-year-old man.

Police said the man's death was not being treated as suspicious.

They said there was no suggestion anyone else was involved and inquiries were ongoing.

A post-mortem examination has taken place and a report has been sent to the procurator fiscal.

Det Ch Insp Christopher Thomson said: "Our thoughts are with Kayden's family and friends, along with everyone affected by this tragedy.

"We are providing his family with specialist support at this incredibly difficult time and officers are continuing enquiries to try and get some answers for them.

"Kayden's family have requested that their privacy is respected at this time."

Staff at Kayden's early learning centre said he was always smiling, singing and dancing

Kayden attended the Douglas Street Early Learning and Childcare Centre, whose head Pamela McLachlan said: "We are all devastated at the news of Kayden's death.

"He was a lovely boy endowed with an amazing sense of humour, always smiling, singing and dancing.

"He was the best at giving cuddles, with a big loving heart. He also loved jumping in puddles at our Forest Kindergarden and baking scones.

"Kayden will be sadly missed by his friends and all our staff. Our thoughts go to all his family and friends."
• None Man and boy found dead at flat in Paisley

The UK's public debt could soar as the population ages and tax receipts fall, the government's independent forecaster has warned.

The Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) said debt could rise to more than 300% of the size of the economy by 2070, up from around 100% currently.

Climate change and geopolitical tensions also posed "significant" risks to government finances, it added.

But it called current government plans to reduce debt "relatively modest".

It comes as separate figures show the UK economy has barely grown since 2019 before the pandemic.

Commenting on the OBR report, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt said the government would take "difficult but responsible" decisions on the public finances.

Public debt is the stockpile of money borrowed by the government over the years to fund its spending.

Mr Hunt has set a target of getting underlying debt to fall in five years' time.

In a report, the OBR said the 2020s were turning out to be a "very risky era for the public finances".

It said the pandemic, cost-of-living crisis and recent interest rate rises had hit the economy and driven up government borrowing costs.

From this "vulnerable position", it said, the government now faced growing costs from an ageing society.

This will drive up pension spending in the short term, and by 2070 shrink the ratio of working age people to retired people.

"This puts downward pressure on tax receipts, upward pressure on primary spending, and leaves a growing gap between the two," the OBR said.

The forecasting body said that the government's debt interest costs were also set to surge. And it said borrowing would rise as government spending on defence increased to meet "growing security threats in Europe and Asia".

Decarbonising the economy to reach net zero by 2050 would also cost the government billions in extra spending, it said.

All of these factors could lead to the size of the UK's debt compared to the size of the economy - as measured by the debt-to-GDP ratio - tripling over the next 50 years, the OBR said. It added that unforeseen shocks or unfunded policies could drive it even higher.

The OBR added that the government's current plan for stabilising and then reducing debt - as a share of GDP by 2027-28 - was "relatively modest by historical and international standards".

Commenting, Mr Hunt said the government would take "difficult but responsible decisions on the public finances, including public sector pay, because more borrowing is itself inflationary".

But Rachel Reeves, Labour's shadow chancellor, said the OBR's report showed "just how far we are falling behind our peers".

"There are serious decisions to be made by this Tory government to restore some security in our economy, to get a grip on inflation, and to stop people's bills rising."

The OBR's report also warned gas prices are expected to remain high until at least 2025.

Soaring oil and gas prices have contributed to the rapid pace of general price rises, putting struggling households under pressure.

After a massive 13-fold price jump in the wake of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, gas prices have fallen back - but are still more than twice as expensive as before.

The OBR said the hike in gas prices had made renewable energy cheaper than gas over its life-time for the first time.

However, despite this, it said there was "little sign of a step-change in renewable energy investment in the UK".

Planned UK government investments in green technologies will not get the country to net zero carbon emissions by 2050, the OBR said.

Paramedic Kevin Cornwell, 53, has been detained in Afghanistan

Two of the British men being held by the Taliban in Afghanistan have spoken to their families, a humanitarian group representing them has said.

The Presidium Network said Kevin Cornwell, 53, and another unnamed man were able to speak "freely" and that the calls had brought "great relief".

A third man, named as Miles Routledge, 23, but not being represented by the group, is also being held.

The government has said it is "in negotiations" over the men.

Presidium, a UK-based non-profit organisation that supports people in crisis, said the two men were able to speak for "one minute to one minute and a half" and described the call as a sign of "tremendous progress in the situation".

Referring specifically to Mr Cornwell, it said: "The relief Kevin's family expressed after hearing his voice for the first time in three months, not knowing if he was well, brought a great sense of peace and gave them hope that this situation will be resolved soon."

Mr Cornwell, a paramedic from Middlesbrough who works for a charity, and the unnamed man were detained on 11 January.

Scott Richards of Presidium said previously that there were "no official charges as such" but that the detention was understood to be over a weapon that had been in a safe in Mr Cornwell's room.

He said the weapon was being stored with a licence issued by the Afghan interior ministry but that the license was missing.

"We have taken several statements from witnesses who have seen the licence and affirm its existence," he said.

"It is perfectly possible that during the search the licence was separated from the weapon and, as such, why we refer to this scenario as a probable misunderstanding."

Speaking to Sky News on Sunday, Home Secretary Suella Braverman said the government was "in negotiations and working hard to ensure people's safety is upheld".

"Anyone travelling to dangerous parts of the world should take the utmost caution. If they are going to do that they should always act on the advice of the Foreign Office travel advice," she said.

"If there are risks to people's safety, if they're a British citizen abroad, then the UK government is going to do whatever it takes to ensure that they're safe."

Miles Routledge has 150,000 followers on Twitter and a further 59,000 subscribers on YouTube

The third man, Mr Routledge, from Birmingham, is a former Loughborough University student known for travelling to dangerous countries and posting about it on social media.

In August 2021, he was evacuated from Afghanistan by the British armed forces in the month that the Taliban swept back into power in the country. He said at the time he was "exhausted but relieved" and thankful to those who had helped get him out.

He chose to travel to Afghanistan because he enjoys "dark" and "extreme" tourism, he said.

He has not posted on his YouTube channel or his Twitter account for more than a month.

Rory O'Connor says "transformational" speech and language therapy is "being taken away" from his seven-year-old son Lorcan

The father of an autistic child has said he is very angry over the decision to scrap a schools fund that provided extra support to disadvantaged pupils.

Rory O'Connor said his son's life had been "transformed" by speech and language therapy (SLT) sessions, funded by the Extended Schools Programme.

The scheme enabled almost 500 schools to provide extras like counselling, SLT, breakfasts and after-school clubs.

But school principals have been told the fund is being axed from 30 June.

In a letter to schools, Stormont's Department of Education (DE) said it had to make "significant savings" in 2023-24 and the programme "is no longer available".

The O'Connor family, from Lurgan, County Armagh, are among those who have been advised the additional support services their children receive in school are now under threat because of budget cutbacks.

"I just can't believe it," Mr O'Connor told BBC News NI's Evening Extra programme.

His seven-year-old son, Lorcan, has special educational needs as well as autism and previously found it difficult to make himself understood.

Over the past 18 months, Lorcan has benefited from SLT sessions at his Craigavon school, funded through the Extended Schools Programme.

"Over the past year and a half it has really transformed him from a child who was unable to communicate his needs to a completely different child that can communicate with us as a family; communicate with his peers," Mr O'Connor said.

He added the speech therapy "equips him to be a fully-functioning member of the school and society, and that's being taken away from him".

"The thing I'm really cross about is that there is nobody accountable," Lorcan's father added.

"There should be a minister for education coming and defending the decision to cut this and unfortunately in our country, we don't have that."

Lorcan became a "completely different child" with extra support in school, his father said

Budget pressures have already led to DE funding being cut for schemes including holiday hunger payments, counselling for primary school children and free books for babies.

The Extended Schools scheme has been running since 2006 and more than £9m was provided to about 500 schools in 2022/23.

The schools received sums of between £1,000 to about £33,000 in 2022/23, depending on their pupil numbers and needs.

To be eligible for funding, schools need to have more than 37% of pupils who are entitled to free school meals or more than half who live in a disadvantaged area.

Some head teachers used it to pay for breakfasts for pupils as the cost of living rose.

But in its letter to head teachers, the department said the education budget was facing significant cuts.

"As with all other departments, the Department of Education is yet to receive its confirmed budget allocation," the letter said.

"However, the indicative budget allocation recently advised by the Northern Ireland Office is extremely challenging for education.

"The Extended Schools Programme has been supported in recent years with £5.8m of funding from the [DUP/Conservative] confidence and supply agreement.

"This funding is no longer available and, due to the extent of budget pressures, it is not possible for this to be covered from the Department of Education's budget.

"Consequently, unless additional funding is allocated by the secretary of state, funding can only be provided for the Extended Schools Programme to the end of the academic year, June 2023."

Schools used much of the money to help pupils whose families were struggling with the rising cost of living

The department said it was making about £2.2m available so schools could continue to offer support paid for by the scheme until the end of the school year in June.

Its letter also said that DE recognised "how disappointing this is for everyone involved in the delivery of this long-standing programme, and for the young people and families who have benefitted from its support over many years".

There has been an angry reaction from trade unions to the end of the Extended Schools Programme.

The northern secretary of the Irish National Teachers' Organisation (INTO) Mark McTaggart said the decision would "directly impact on the most vulnerable children in our schools".

"It is time that politicians stopped playing with the lives of the most vulnerable young people in our society, got back to real politics and began to find the necessary funding to ensure that we can offer the world class education system everybody wants," he told BBC News NI.

In a statement, Justin McCamphill from the National Association of Schoolmasters Union of Women Teachers (NASUWT) said ending the scheme was yet another blow to our most vulnerable children and young people.

Meanwhile, Alan Law from the Northern Ireland Public Service Alliance (Nipsa) union said the scheme was being wrecked and the valuable and important work destroyed.

"It is shameful that these decisions are being taken without anyone being accountable," he said.

Child counselling in schools was among the services which received financial support from the fund

Principal of Lisnagelvin Primary School in Londonderry, Colin Torrens, said the Extended Schools scheme had provided a range of vital services at his school.

That includes the breakfast club, school councillors and extra numeracy and literacy support for pupils. Its loss is the latest in a series of cuts to schools funding, Mr Torrens said.

"Unfortunately every funding cut that comes in affects the most vulnerable and it is very demoralising," he told BBC Radio Foyle.

He added: "While we have tried to shield parents and pupils from these cuts over the last ten years, we are now in a position where we can no longer do that."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Nicola Sturgeon tells the Loose Women panel that "renewal and refresh" was right

Nicola Sturgeon has said the SNP is not "in a mess" and is going through "growing pains" as she faced questions about a membership row.

The comment was made by interim chief executive Mike Russell as he replaced Ms Sturgeon's husband, Peter Murrell.

The party has lost 32,000 members since December 2021, but initially denied the decline to a newspaper.

Mr Murrell took responsibility for misleading the media and resigned on Saturday.

The BBC was told he had been set to face a vote of no confidence by the National Executive Committee (NEC) had he not stepped down.

The first minister was asked about Mr Russell's remarks during an appearance on ITV's Loose Women.

Ms Sturgeon said: "Mike was referring to some of the issues around the leadership race.

"The SNP is not in a mess, it's going through some growing pains right now - they are necessary but they're difficult. But I'm stepping down from a party that hasn't lost an election since 2010 in Scotland."

The power couple - Nicola Sturgeon is the outgoing FM of Scotland and Peter Murrell was chief executive of the SNP

The first minister told Loose Women that the party had "mishandled" the situation.

On the denial of membership numbers to the media, she said: "We were asked a specific question, not about what's the size of your membership, but have you lost 30,000 members because of X and Y?

"We answered in that sense, we should have framed it in a bigger way. So these things are all opportunities to learn and reflect."

12 February - The Sunday Mail reports that the SNP has lost 30,000 members over the gender reform bill and a stalled independence referendum.

14 February - The SNP describe the Sunday Mail's report as "wholly inaccurate", with party media chief Murray Foote describing it as "drivel".

15 February - Nicola Sturgeon resigns as first minister and SNP leader, triggering a leadership contest.

24 February - The candidates to replace Ms Sturgeon are confirmed as Ash Regan, Humza Yousaf and Kate Forbes.

15 March - Ash Regan and Kate Forbescall for clarity on membership numbers in an open letter to SNP chief executive Peter Murrell.

16 March - The SNP publishes its membership numbers, revealing it has about 72,000 members - 32,000 fewer than the 104,000 it had two years ago.

17 March - SNP media chief Murray Foote resigns over the party's response to the Sunday Mail's story on party numbers.

18 March - SNP chief executive Peter Murrell resigns, taking responsibility for misleading the media about membership numbers.

27 March - New SNP leader due to be announced.

Earlier Mr Russell told BBC Radio's Good Morning Scotland the three leadership candidates could have confidence in the contest.

All three have pledged to reform the SNP's operations.

Ms Sturgeon said it was important for the party not to "throw the baby out with the bath water" and lose things that have made them successful in the past.

She added: "Perspective is important in these things. We don't know this for sure because other parties in Scotland don't tell us what their membership figures are but on the most recent assessments, even with that decline, the SNP has more members in Scotland than all of the other parties combined.

"We are the only mass membership party in the country."

Ms Sturgeon last appeared on Loose Women in April 2022 when she discussed her anxieties about going through menopause and coping with it while in a public role.

On Monday she spoke to the panel about having a miscarriage at the end of 2010 - and how she had not yet processed the experience.

Last week the Scottish government announced a memorial book for those who experience pregnancy or baby loss prior to 24 weeks.

Nicola Sturgeon said looking at this picture, taken at a 2010 commemoration of the Ibrox disaster, people could see she was in "a lot of pain"

"These are the things that often get dismissed in politics as soft soap but I think they're really important because they go to the heart of the values you have as a country," Ms Sturgeon said.

"You can find a photograph of me at an event actually while I was still having a miscarriage at a public commemoration... Looking at that photograph now, it's clear that I'm in a lot of pain - and so how do you deal with it?

"I think back then if there had been some way of recognising it that would have brought a lot of comfort at a really difficult time."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. 'Hopefully more time to slob about the house after leaving office' - Nicola Sturgeon

Looking towards her final days as first minister this week, Ms Sturgeon said she hopes to continue championing issues that are important to her.

She said she would not follow in the footsteps of Matt Hancock who took part in ITV's I'm A Celebrity reality show, adding: "I can say categorically, definitely no Strictly, definitely no jungle.

Asked "What about Bake Off?", she said: "I can't cook or bake."

On the subject of her legacy, Ms Sturgeon said it is for others to decide - but she is most proud of policies like the Scottish Child Payment, the baby box scheme and the rise in young people from working class backgrounds attending university.

She said: "These are the things I'm proudest of because I think in years to come, the impact of these kind of measures will be seen."

Kyrees (L) and Harvey were best friends, their families said Image caption: Kyrees (L) and Harvey were best friends, their families said

The families of both boys who died in the crash - which sparked a riot in Cardiff on Monday - have said the pair were best friends.

Harvey's family said he was "a best friend to Kyrees, and our thoughts and prayers are with his family also".

"He lived life to the full, he had a big heart and deep down he truly cared," Harvey's mum said.

Kyrees' family described him as "a loving, caring handsome young man".

The tribute from Kyrees' family added: "He was loved so much by his grandparents and aunties and uncles and his many cousins.

"Him and Harvey, along with Niall, were best friends since they were young and went everywhere together, they both had so many friends and were very well liked doing many things together, having fun and laughs."

K-pop star Karina has apologised to her fans after news of her dating actor Lee Jae-wook went public

A K-pop star has issued a grovelling apology after incensed fans accused her of "betrayal" - because she has a boyfriend.

The fans reportedly drove a truck to pop star Karina's agency after finding out she was dating actor Lee Jae-wook.

"Is the love given to you by your fans not enough?" an electronic billboard on the vehicle demanded.

In a letter shared on Instagram, the aespa frontwoman vowed "to heal the wounds" she had inflicted.

"I apologise for surprising you greatly," the 23-year-old wrote, promising to show a "more mature and hardworking side" in future. The singer, real name Yu Ji-min, has led the four-woman aespa since their debut in 2020, with the single Black Mamba. Last year, their record-breaking album My World sold 2.1m copies in South Korea.

This is not an isolated incident, however. Pop stars in South Korea and Japan work in notoriously pressurising industries, where such personal revelations can be tricky to navigate.

Just a decade ago, it was common practice for K-pop agencies to ban new stars from dating or even having a personal mobile phone, and even now admissions of romantic relationships were often considered scandalous to fans.

Last August, BBC reported on how Blackpink's lead vocalist Jisoo's relationship with actor Ahn Bo-hyun rocked the K-pop world. Some experts told the BBC then that pop stars' agencies seek to sell them as "romantically obtainable" idols.

In Japan, many pop stars are bound by "no dating" clauses in their contracts, and getting married requires permission.

The news of Karina's relationship first broke on 27 February, with Karina and Lee, 25, later confirming the two had met last year. Lee's agency C-JeS Studio asked for "warm respect... as this involves his private life".

But some of Karina's fans drove to the headquarters of SM Entertainment, the company which formed and manages aespa. These trucks have become a common practice used by K-pop fans to show support or discontent in recent days.

"Is the love given to you by Karina fans not enough? Why did you choose to betray the fans? Please apologise directly. Otherwise, you will see a decrease in album sales and empty concert seats," one of those messages read.

However, not everyone was unhappy about the relationship with Lee, who debuted in the drama Memories Of The Alhambra in 2018 and gained prominence after starring in the hit fantasy period drama Alchemy of Souls.

"You don't need to apologise for feeling. I will always root for your happiness. You deserve all the love, support, all the good things," wrote one of them.

A robbery attempt took a turn when patrons and staff chose not to engage with the robber's demands. The Atlanta Police Department is trying to find the failed thief.

A Ukrainian journalist working as a fixer for Italy's La Repubblica newspaper has been shot dead by snipers in Ukraine.

Bogdan Bitik was working with Italian reporter Corrado Zunino, who was wounded, when they were ambushed by suspected Russian snipers in the Kherson region, the newspaper said.

Both were wearing bulletproof vests with "Press" written on them, it added.

Russia says it has annexed Kherson despite only controlling some of it.

The reporters were targeted near the Antonivskyi bridge across the Dnipro river near the Ukrainian-held city of Kherson, which sits on the river's west bank.

Russian troops destroyed the bridge when they withdrew across the river from the city in November. Ukrainian forces are now reported to have set up positions on the eastern bank nearby.

The reporters had passed three checkpoints and the Ukrainian military had let them through "without problem", Zunino said in a telephone conversation with his newspaper.

He then heard a "hiss" and saw his colleague lifeless on the ground.

"We were hit. I saw Bogdan on the ground, he wasn't moving," he said

"I crawled until I got out of the line of fire. I ran until I came across a civilian's car. I was covered in blood. I tried several times to call Bogdan, he didn't answer."

Zunino is being treated in hospital in Kherson.

Bitik "unfortunately did not make it", the newspaper wrote, adding that he leaves behind his wife and a son.

"He was a great friend of mine, the pain is excruciating," Zunino said.

The newspaper said it was proving difficult to recover Bitik's body because of Russian snipers.

Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba told Italian media that the Russians were responsible for the killing.

"Russians don't care if you're Russian, Italian or Ukrainian, they just shoot," he said.

Before this death was announced, Reporters Without Borders (RSF) said eight reporters had been killed and 19 injured in Ukraine since Russia's full-scale invasion last year.

Crossing the Dnipro river could be significant in future offensives. Ukraine's military has for some time publicly spoken about preparations for a major counter-offensive, without specifying where and when it could be launched.

Until now, all of the Kherson region on the east bank of the Dnipro has been under Russian control, with the wide river serving as a natural barrier.
• None Ukraine sets up positions across river in Kherson

Brothers Maksym (left) and Ivan (right) signed up to fight for Ukraine together after Russia launched its full-scale invasion

Maksym had been fighting for 200 hours without a break when he was killed by a Russian sniper in the city of Bakhmut.

"For eight days he did not eat, or sleep," his mother Lilia says. "He couldn't even close his eyes for five minutes because the sniper could shoot."

There's a reason why she now calls Bakhmut "hell". It's the city that took the life of one son and left her only other child seriously injured.

Her one scant comfort - that one died saving the life of the other.

Maksym and Ivan volunteered to fight when Russia invaded Ukraine last year. At the time Maksym was 22 years old and Ivan just 18.

Ivan, the younger brother who still carries the scars, says they were inseparable. "He was always with me and I with him. For me, he was the dearest person."

Ivan shows me videos and photos of them together - in a trench, in a military vehicle, trying to get some rest.

As time passes, you see two smiling, handsome young men change, gradually appearing wearier as war strips away their innocence.

The two brothers were inseparable - fighting and resting together at the front

Their last moments together were spent engaged in brutal house-to-house fighting in Bakhmut. "It was impossible to sleep there. We were being attacked 24/7," Ivan says.

The brothers' unit was trapped in a windowless room of a building. They'd had to punch through walls to make firing positions. That's when they received an order to pull back.

Ivan recalls the moment before he was wounded. "I remember I was reloading; I came out from behind a wall and there was a flash. I was paralysed and I fell."

He says he then felt the warmth of the blood flowing from his injuries to his face. He didn't think he'd survive. "I thought I was done; I'll bleed out and that'll be it."

But Maksym came running to his rescue and dragged him back inside a building for cover.

"He revived me, took out my broken teeth and began to give me first aid," says Ivan. That included piercing a hole in Ivan's throat to prevent him from choking.

Ivan shares a video of his brother tenderly wiping the blood away soon after the explosion. Another widely shared clip shows Ivan struggling to walk with a gaping wound to his face, but still clutching his Ukrainian flag: a symbol of bravery and resistance in the battle for Bakhmut.

Ivan has no doubts that he would have died if it weren't for Maksym's actions. "My brother didn't let me die. He saved me."

Ivan (seen here recovering in hospital) had a hole cut in his throat by his brother to help him keep breathing

Maksym urgently called on the radio for help. But the first medics that tried to reach him were all killed in their vehicle when it was struck by a Russian anti-tank missile. It took another nine hours before Ivan could be rescued.

And then came Maksym's extraordinary act of self-sacrifice. Rather than travel with his brother to safety, he volunteered to stay in Bakhmut, to lead their unit.

Still fighting there a week later, Maksym was killed by a Russian sniper.

In Ukraine the funerals of soldiers are now as constant as the sound of artillery on the front line. But they're not all like Maksym's. Alongside his grieving family, the entire town of Tomakivka had come out to pay their respects.

They knelt as the funeral procession made its way to the cemetery - some clasping flowers or Ukraine's flag. The prayers and sombre music accompanied by tears and sobbing.

Serhii (left) and Lilia were supported by the entire town at their older son's funeral

For the past year, Maksym and Ivan's parents had been living their sons' battles vicariously. Lilia and Serhii were having sleepless nights too - waiting anxiously to hear from their boys. They'd often receive a short text to reassure them, says Lilia - "We're good, mum."

But then came the news they'd been dreading.

Lilia weeps over Maksym's coffin before it's finally lowered into the ground - accompanied by a volley of gunfire. "We still can't believe it. My soul is torn," Lilia tells me after the funeral. She says her only reason to continue living is for her younger son.

She tells me Maksym had the chance to leave with Ivan, but he would not abandon their younger, less experienced comrades.

"He's a hero. He's an angel. He's sunshine. He would never leave his brother even though he knew he would die himself."

Ukraine won't say how many lives have been lost in this war. But look around the cemetery and you soon realise the entire country is paying an extremely heavy price.

My brother gave his life for our freedom. Unfortunately, freedom comes with blood

At this one small graveyard, in this one small town, there are rows and rows of freshly dug graves surrounded by flowers. Maksym's was one of three soldiers' funerals the local priest was conducting that week.

For Roman, who was once himself a soldier before taking holy orders, it was harder than most. He is a family friend and prayed with Maksym and Ivan's parents for the safe return of their boys, whom he knew.

"You often have to bury soldiers," said Roman. "But not your friends."

At the funeral, Ivan is still clutching the Ukrainian flag which he carried when wounded - signed by his comrades including his brother. The blood from his own wounds staining the blue and yellow cloth.

I ask him if he now regrets his decision to join the army. He replies: "We understood that we might not return, but it's an honour to fight for Ukraine. That's why I don't regret it in any way.

"My brother gave his life for our freedom. Unfortunately, freedom comes with blood."

Jane McDonald said hosting the awards was a "dream come true"

Jane McDonald will replace Philip Schofield as the host of this weekend's British Soap Awards.

She is best known as a singer, Loose Women panellist and presenter of Bafta-winning Channel 5 series Cruising With Jane McDonald.

McDonald will host Saturday's show in Salford before it is on ITV on Tuesday.

Schofield stepped down from his presenting commitments on the channel after admitting to having an affair with a younger staff member at ITV.

The soap awards will see five dramas - Coronation Street, Doctors, EastEnders, Emmerdale and Hollyoaks are up for the biggest prizes.

McDonald posted on Instagram the hosting job was a "dream come true".

"This year I've been honoured to be mentioned in Corrie, EastEnders and Emmerdale... I can't wait to see all our wonderful soap nominees and celebrate all their hard work with them," she added.

Phillip Schofield left his role on This Morning last week following reports of a rift with Holly Willoughby

Schofield, said last week: "I am painfully conscious that I have lied to my employers at ITV, to my colleagues and friends, to my agents, to the media and therefore the public and most importantly of all to my family.

"I am so very, very sorry, as I am for having been unfaithful to my wife."

ITV has now asked a barrister to lead a review into its handling of a relationship between Schofield and his colleague.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Detectives are watching 400,000 hours of footage in an attempt to find clues in the John Caldwell case, says Eamonn Corrigan

An estimated 400,000 hours of CCTV footage has been seized for analysis in the hunt for those involved in the shooting of a Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) detective.

The investigation into who shot Det Ch Insp John Caldwell is one of Northern Ireland's biggest in recent times.

He was attacked in February by two gunmen as he coached youth football while off-duty in Omagh, County Tyrone.

The 48-year-old's young son was at his side when he was ambushed.

The CCTV footage has been obtained from 750 cameras located between Belfast and Omagh.

Police believe dissident republican group the New IRA may have acted with an organised crime gang to carry out the attack.

Det Ch Insp Caldwell is in regular contact with the team investigating his shooting and there is an "added determination" to catch those responsible because he is a colleague.

Det Ch Supt Eamonn Corrigan, who is leading the attempted murder inquiry, said: "We are lucky John didn't die.

"He is making a good recovery but it is going to be a long road."

Det Ch Supt Corrigan said the wounded officer, who was discharged from hospital in April, has given investigators his account of the shooting.

He added the investigation had made "significant progress", but gave no further details.

It is an overwhelming amount of footage that has been seized - 16,000 days viewing if one person was to watch it from beginning to end.

Clearly the police have seized a lot more material than they may ultimately need because they want to have it before it is wiped or deleted.

The scale of the task is huge. What we can't really quantify is the scale of progress and whether or not they have had a significant breakthrough.

I left the CCTV viewing suite with the overriding impression that this is a resource hungry investigation.

It is clearly going to take a long time to build a case or indeed cases given the number of people the PSNI believe were involved.

To date, 15 people have been arrested and there have been 40 searches of premises and land.

More than 340 witnesses have been interviewed so far.

Two Ford Fiesta cars used in the attack had been bought about 70 miles away, in Glengormley and Ballyclare, County Antrim, weeks prior to be used in the shooting.

They were found burned out following the attack.

Attempting to trace their movements has meant obtaining footage from hundreds of cameras spread over a large area.

This car near a farmyard on the Racolpa Road outside Omagh is thought to have been used by the gunmen and was later burnt out

Detectives are poring over the material in several viewing rooms within a Belfast police base.

"All the detectives working on the case know the importance of CCTV and the fact that a 15 or 20-second piece of footage could be crucial in building a case," said Det Ch Supt Corrigan.

"An attack of this nature is carried out by multiple people who are organised.

"We are looking for movements of people and vehicles over time. It is time consuming and a lot of patience is required," he added.

The New IRA has admitted responsibility for the attack, but police believe a crime gang may have aided it.

Det Ch Insp Caldwell has run investigations into both paramilitary groups and organised crime gangs.

"Whether these people are members of a terrorist organisation or an organised crime organisation, this has been an attack on a serving police officer at the behest of the New IRA," Det Ch Supt Corrigan said.

"How they carry out their operations and support them logistically is not for me to decide.

"I will follow the evidence and bring people who are responsible before the courts."

Ellie Varley, 25, said she believes everyone who works in Parliament has a story of sexual misconduct

A "predatory culture" still exists around the House of Commons, with inappropriate flirting and sexual misconduct still prevalent, staff say.

Six members of staff told BBC Newsnight that abuses of power by male MPs and senior staffers remained common, and a new complaints process was too slow.

One woman said she was asked to sit on a male MP's knee and she was bombarded with text messages by another person.

A House of Commons spokesman said it took complaints "extremely seriously".

The spokesman said bullying, harassment and sexual misconduct had no place in Parliament, adding: "We remain committed to ensuring that lasting cultural change can be achieved here."

It comes after damning allegations have been made about the behaviour of MPs in recent months, with several MPs suspended.

The parliamentary staff we spoke to said, despite a new complaints scheme, little has changed. All the allegations they made relate to the last two years.

Ellie Varley, 25, said everyone who works in Parliament either has their own story of sexual misconduct, or knows someone with one. She said the problem "transcends party politics".

She says she was asked to sit on a male MP's lap, in an incident that took place on the Parliamentary estate. "He just kept saying just come sit on my lap. And I was like: 'I'm fine, thank you. I don't want to sit on your lap'."

She said the MP was so persistent she felt she had no choice, and reluctantly agreed to "get him off my case". The MP is one of a number to be suspended over separate allegations.

She said there was still a feeling among some MPs and senior staffers that they can do what they want without repercussions. "There are big names in Westminster, and you kind of feel intimidated by them," she added.

Ms Varley, who works as a parliamentary aide to Tory MP, Dehenna Davison, said incidents can include a "hand on the hip in a social setting".

"I [often think] am I reading too much into this? Are you just being friendly or are you touching me because you think you can?" she added.

"I've had it when people have texted me incessantly being like: 'Are you out tonight?' 'What are you doing?' And not getting the hint if I don't reply after you've messaged six times."

She said she was "frankly just angry" and claimed people in the palace do not feel safe to report issues: "They don't have the trust in the system. I'm just fed up."

The six parliamentary staff said inappropriate touching and flirting was still a problem - with younger staff sometimes preyed upon by older MPs and staffers.

Ellie Varley: "Every staffer will know someone who has experienced this"

Five of the people we spoke to currently work in the Commons, while one of them has recently left their role on the estate. The ex-staff member said she saw the same behaviour take place repeatedly.

"In the bars you'd still see male MPs all over staffers; in their physical space, buying them drinks and actually behaving in a pretty disgusting state - touching bums and putting their hands all over their lower backs. It's lecherous."

She added: "You'd see male MPs openly ogle female staffers and comment to them about how they looked in an overly flirty sense or they'd talk among each other about who was fit or not." Some male MPs talked about female MPs in the same way, she added.

In 2018, Parliament set up the Independent Complaints and Grievance Scheme (ICGS), to investigate complaints about inappropriate behaviour, such as bullying, harassment or sexual misconduct, and to provide advice to complainants.

Since then, complaints are investigated by independent investigators, commissioned by the ICGS team on a case-by-case basis. However, one senior official, who has worked in the Commons for several years, said the scheme had made no difference to what he described as a "predatory culture".

"I wouldn't recommend it [HoC] as a safe place for any young men or women. If a young person I knew really really wanted to work in the House of Commons, it would come with a whole list of warnings about how to stay safe, who not to hang out with, where not to go", he said.

"The same things still go on as before #metoo," he said, referencing the global social media movement that saw people share stories of sexual abuse, harassment and rape.

He described the new complaints processes as "useless". "Just ask anyone who has tried to use them", he added.

Complaints in Parliament are investigated by independent investigators

One of the criticisms of the ICGS is that investigations take too long.

According to its last annual report, of the 21 completed investigations it carried out in 2021-2022, 12 were cases where an MP was a respondent. These cases took an average time of 262 days. By comparison, cases involving parliamentary staff took an average of 186 days, and MPs' staff cases, took an average of 133 days.

A Commons spokesman said the complaints scheme was the first of its kind in any Parliament in the world. "It has enabled, and will continue to enable, Parliament to identify and deal effectively with unacceptable behaviour," they added.

"However, though much has been achieved in the last five years, we know there is more work to be done."

Yet Ms Varley said she was "disappointed" so little has changed. She said "too many people" think reporting incidents is "just not worth it". "It takes a long time and it can wear you down," she added.

"This is something that everyone will have a story of. Every staffer will know someone who has experienced this [sexual misconduct] and that's thousands of people who are employed here."

"I think it comes down to culture and you can't fix the culture overnight," she added. "Until these people have repercussions for their actions, and until the victims have faith in the reporting process, I don't think anything's going to change."

In a statement to the BBC, the ICGS said it "is there to ensure that all complaints are dealt with in a manner that is fair, thorough, independent and efficient, offering support to all parties involved. The target to reduce the length of investigations must always be balanced against the paramount requirement to ensure that investigations are rigorous and robust.

"The ICGS always seeks to learn from every case, striving to deliver a compassionate and effective service that everyone in Parliament can be proud of, contributing to building a workplace where everyone feels safe and valued.

"The ICGS is here for every member of the parliamentary community - we urge anyone who needs it, to use it."

The 666 bus - as seen in this promotional image from Poland's PKS Gdynia bus company - usually runs during the summer along the Baltic coast

The popular bus route 666 to Hel in northern Poland is being changed to 669, after long-running complaints by religious conservatives in the country.

Route 666 - used by those heading for sandy beaches in the resort of Hel - has become a bit of a joke for some, including English-speaking tourists.

But some religious conservatives claim the route is "spreading Satanism".

The Bible identifies 666 as the "number of the beast", and Hel is just one "l" short of the English word "hell".

Following the complaints, bus company PKS Gdynia announced: "We are turning the last 6 upside down!"

Explaining the reason for the change, the firm's designer Marcin Szwaczyk told the trojmiasto.pl news website the number 669 was "less controversial".

While the association between 666 and the word "hell" may be lost on some Poles - as the Polish word for it is "pieklo" - a number of social media users in the country have condemned the coming change, which the bus company says is set to take place on 24 June.

"I have often read about route 666 to Hel on foreign websites or Facebook groups. I am convinced there were tourists who would have probably arrived faster by train, but for fun they took bus route 666."

"What is Hel without 666," quipped Dawid Jastrzebski, while Kamil Galczynski argued that this was "a perfect example of how NOT to do marketing".

Another social media user, Robert Eryk Wozniak, wrote: "I think that the next step should be to change the name of the town of Hel to something else because it is against our Christian Polish roots!"

Poland is a predominantly Roman Catholic nation, where the Church has traditionally been influential.

Over the past few years, religious conservatives from one Polish group have complained that bus company PKS Gdynia is "spreading Satanism".

Route 666 usually runs in the summer along the Baltic Sea coast. The region boasts miles of sandy beaches, and is a popular tourist destination.

The Women's Tennis Association will resume tournaments in China this year having accepted an investigation into the sexual assault allegations made by former player Peng Shuai will not be carried out by the Chinese government.

Former doubles world number one Peng said in November 2021 she was "forced" into a sexual relationship with former China vice-premier Zhang Gaoli.

The WTA suspended its end-of-year events in China and said it would not return until there was an investigation and it had proof of Peng's safety.

After making the accusation in a social media post, Peng briefly disappeared from the public eye and she then later denied making the allegation. Zhang has not commented publicly on the allegation.

The WTA had called for the Chinese authorities to hold a "full, fair and transparent" investigation before any tournaments could go ahead.

"We've been in this for 16 months and we are convinced that at this point our requests will not be met," WTA chief executive Steve Simon told BBC Sport.

"To continue with the same strategy doesn't make sense and a different approach is needed. Hopefully, by returning, more progress can be made."

The decision means the final two months of the WTA season will once again be dominated by China. Simon said the schedule will be "very similar" to the pre-pandemic year of 2019 when eight Chinese tournaments were staged in eight weeks from early September.

And crucially, the season-ending WTA Finals will resume its 10-year deal with the city of Shenzhen. Prize money this year, as it was in the first year of the contract in 2019, will be £11.2m.

Simon says the "great majority" of players are in support of a return to China.

And despite promising a hard-line stance with the Chinese government, in which there would be no room for compromise, he says he has not considered resigning.

"No, I would never do that to an organisation. It's about leading an organisation and listening to its members," he said.

"We have athletes that come from over 80 nations, so there's plenty of different opinions, but the majority of athletes were very supportive of a return back to the region. We certainly have some that were not, but the majority - the great majority - were in support and are in support of going back. There was strong support across the members, the [player] council and the board."

Simon says this change of heart was not forced upon them by commercial realities, but accepts members would have "sacrificed a great deal" had the WTA Tour withdrawn from China for good.

The WTA's boycott lasted just over 16 months, although no tournaments could have taken place in the country during that period anyway because of the Covid pandemic.

"We've achieved some assurances from people that are close to Peng that she's safe and living with her family in Beijing," Simon said when asked whether the WTA had achieved anything. He says he has not yet been able to speak personally with Peng.

"We do also have some assurances that there won't be any issues with our players and staff while they are competing in China. And hopefully we have received some respect for the stance we took," he continued.

"We haven't seen anyone else take a stance such as we did. There hasn't been any other sporting leagues or any business that have - we took that strong stance, we stand behind it."

The men's Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Tour committed itself to 2023 events in Chengdu, Zhuhai, Shanghai and Beijing once China's Covid regulations eased, and the International Tennis Federation (ITF) said this month it is looking forward to bringing the World Tennis Tour back to China.

"We didn't go into this with expectations that anybody would [follow suit]," Simon added.

"I would have liked to have seen that, for sure, but we didn't expect it and we're not pointing fingers at anyone else."

Simon denies that by returning to China, the WTA has removed a crucial pillar of support for Peng.

"We are hoping by the return more progress will be made," he said. "We are very proud of the position we took.

"We're not going to let Peng be forgotten at this point in time."

Kai Ong, a China researcher at Amnesty International, said: "There's no independently-verifiable evidence that can prove Peng Shuai is truly safe and free.

"We're reminding the WTA of the structural hurdles many survivors of sexual violence in China face when seeking justice and remedy.

"Returning to China without continuing to push for an independent investigation into Peng's accusations risks perpetuating the systemic injustice faced by sexual violence survivors in the country."

The move was described as "very important" by French world number five Caroline Garcia, who said she understood the decision to return to China.

"The ATP and the ITF was already going back, and women's tennis is following," she told BBC Sport.

"In the past we have had some huge tournaments over there and I think it is an important swing for us in our calendar and I'm looking forward to it."

Former British number one Anne Keothavong, who captains the nation's Billie Jean King Cup team, and current British player Katie Boulter both stressed Peng's safety was their main concern.

But they added the future health of the WTA Tour - and the staging of more tournaments - had to be considered.

"From a tennis perspective, hopefully it will be a welcome return," said Keothavong.

"I don't know whether they have been able to investigate in the way that they would have liked, but tennis is a business. The WTA need to generate commercial revenue and the players need a circuit to compete."

Boulter added: "I think ultimately there's two things. One is that we hope Peng Shuai is OK and secondly it's just an excitement to have tournaments on the calendar.

"Sometimes I think we don't have enough tournaments and I really hope that we can get out there and enjoy it."
• None Alerts: Get tennis news sent to your phone

Knights and bishops took over a corner of Parliament as two grandmasters faced off for the first UK-Ukraine Solidarity Chess Match.

Michael Adams, the UK's number one chess player took on reigning Ukrainian champion, Andrei Volokitin, in an eight-minute "blitz" game.

Commons Speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle organised the game to champion Parliament's support for Ukraine as it fights an invasion by Russian forces.

Sir Lindsay made the ceremonial opening move - d2 to d4, the Queen's Pawn. Ukraine's Ambassador to the UK, Vadym Prystaiko, replied with Knight f6.

At the same time, a series of 12 matches pitting MPs against peers resulted in a House of Commons triumph by a score of 8.5 - 3.5.

Conservative transport minister Jesse Norman, Labour's shadow chancellor Rachel Reeves, the SNP's Chris Stephens, Conservatives John Baron and Tobias Ellwood played for the Commons.

Labour's Lord Robert Winston, Plaid Cymru's Lord Dafydd Wigley and Crossbencher Lord Bernard Hogan-Howe were among those who took part for the Lords.

Sir Lindsay said he was "honoured to host the first challenge match in Speaker's House between leading players of two close allies".

"Parliament and the UK are giving support to Ukraine in every way we can, as it battles against this illegal invasion by Russia. Enabling important cultural and sporting activities is another way of championing that,' he said.

"Chess is also a wonderful game of strategy that crosses boundaries of language, age, sex, culture and disability - which makes it the perfect sport for Grandmasters of two friendly nations, or even parliamentarians, to play."

Mr Adams and Mr Volokitin will now compete in best of eight games as part of the UK-Ukraine Solidarity Chess Match, which carries a £38,000 prize.

The remaining games will be split between Ukrainian Embassy and European Bank for Reconstruction and Development in Canary Wharf.

The event was organised by organised by the charity Chess in Schools and Ms Reeves, a junior chess champion. It was supported by the All-Party Parliamentary Group on Ukraine.

Chess has been played in Parliament for more than 150 years, with a special Chess Room located next to the MPs' dining room.

In 1919, future prime minister Andrew Bonar Law was criticised for organising a chess game in a committee room during a debate on "Scottish business".

A Lords vs Commons match was last played in 2016 and won by the MPs.

Borrowers are being warned mortgage rates are set to rise further as turbulence continues to hit the market.

Broker London & Country said lenders had been withdrawing deals and raising rates at a "relentless pace" and this week would "bring more of the same".

Mortgage rates have gone up about 0.5 percentage points in the last month to approach an average fixed deal of 6%.

On Monday Santander became the latest big lender to temporarily withdraw new deals due to "market conditions".

Meanwhile, NatWest said it was increasing rates for new residential mortgages by 0.2 percentage points, and for buy-to-let mortgages by up to 1.57 percentage points from Tuesday.

About 1.5 million households are set to come off fixed mortgage deals this year and face a sharp rise in their monthly repayments.

Rates have been rising since recent data showed that UK inflation is not coming down as quickly as expected.

There have been predictions that the Bank of England will raise interest rates higher than previously thought, from their current 4.5% to as high as 5.5%.

It has a direct impact on mortgage lenders, many of whom have raised rates and taken deals off the market over the last few weeks.

In the latest move, Santander said it was "temporarily withdrawing all our new business residential and buy-to-let fixed and tracker rates at 7.30pm on Monday 12 June".

"We're relaunching our full new business range on Wednesday 14 June," it added.

It comes after HSBC suspended new deals via brokers last week only to temporarily reopen them on Friday.

On Monday it returned to the market with higher rates for its fixed residential and buy-to-let mortgages.

David Hollingworth from London & Country told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "It's been pretty relentless for the last couple of weeks. We're back to that phase of you can't hang around if you are looking at a fixed rate."

He said lenders were being forced to reprice deals as the market shifted around them and those with cheaper deals faced a "tidal wave" of business.

"Unfortunately I think this week we may still have to see more of that happening.

"But hopefully those rates will just start to find a level and we'll see things start to calm down in the near future."

According to financial data firm Moneyfacts, the average two-year fixed-rate mortgage deal is 5.86%, while a five-year deal has hit 5.51%.

Last May they were 3.03% and 3.17% respectively, meaning many households have seen sharp rises in their borrowing costs.

When a fixed term comes to an end then a borrower reverts automatically to their lender's standard variable rate (SVR). But brokers say these SVRs have soared, meaning anyone who adopts a wait and see approach would see a massive jump in the rate they pay, and therefore a much higher monthly mortgage bill.

Ian Stuart, boss of HSBC in the UK, admitted it was a "deeply concerning" time for a lot of customers.

"If you've got an old rate, as many will have, let's say 1.5%, and you're going to come off that rate and go onto something like 5%, that is a big impact on your monthly budget."

He said the bank had been forced to pause sales of new deals last week as it was struggling to meet "unprecedented" demand.

He also said HSBC expected UK interest rates to rise further, putting more pressure on the market.

"So not the news mortgagees would be looking for, but I don't think inflation is going to fall quite as fast as we had hoped."

Rising mortgage rates are also putting pressure on landlords, pushing some to consider selling up, surveyors say.

In turn, that could further squeeze the availability of rental properties and raise costs for tenants, according to the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors.

Mr Blackford faced four different Conservative prime ministers in their weekly question session in the House of Commons

Ian Blackford, the SNP's former Westminster leader, is to stand down as an MP at the next general election.

Mr Blackford has been the MP for Ross, Skye and Lochaber since 2015, when he defeated former Lib Dem leader Charles Kennedy in a controversial campaign.

He led the SNP's Westminster group for five years and faced four different Conservative prime ministers at question time in the Commons.

The former banker stepped down as group leader in December.

The resignation avoided Mr Blackford facing a possible challenge from his eventual successor, Stephen Flynn, amid speculation that some of his MPs were plotting to replace him.

He had become a well-known figure in the House of Commons through his weekly appearance at Prime Minister's Questions and was seen as being a close ally of Nicola Sturgeon, the former first minister and SNP leader who stood down earlier this year.

But he angered some members of the party's Westminster group by urging them to give "absolute full support" to SNP MP Patrick Grady, who had been suspended for sexual misconduct.

Mr Blackford said he had thought "long and hard" whether to stand in next year's general election and that he was "privileged and humbled that people across my home constituency have put their trust in me at three elections".

He added: "Having stood down as SNP Westminster leader, I have gone through a period of reflection as to how I can best assist the party and the cause of independence - a cause I have campaigned for since joining the SNP as a teenager in the 1970s.

"My desire to see Scotland become an independent country, and for our country and its people to achieve its full potential, remains as strong as when I first entered politics decades ago.

"Although I will not be standing for the Westminster Parliament at the next election, I look forward to playing my part in the continuing campaign for Scottish independence and supporting our first minister and the SNP as we go forward to the next election and beyond."

Mr Blackford has been working on producing a paper on Scotland's industrial future, which he said he hoped would lead to "sustainable enhancement in economic growth, driving investment and better paid jobs in Scotland and raising living standards".

He added: "I look forward to finishing this work and continuing as the first minister's business ambassador, on behalf of the SNP."

Mr Flynn, the SNP's current group leader at Westminster, said his predecessor had played a "massive role" in making the party a formidable force in Scottish and UK politics.

He said Mr Blackford had been a "stalwart in the SNP for decades", adding: "I know Ian will be sorely missed by his constituents and colleagues when he stands down as an MP but I am confident that he will have a key role in continuing the campaign for Scotland to become an independent country."

Mr Blackford's campaign to replace Mr Kennedy as the MP for Ross, Skye and Lochaber in 2015 became mired in controversy over online abuse aimed at the former Liberal Democrat leader and his long-running battle with alcoholism.

Brian Smith, who was convenor of the local SNP branch, later resigned after it was reported that he had called Mr Kennedy a "drunken slob" and "quisling-in-chief" in a series of more than 130 tweets.

Mr Kennedy died of a major haemorrhage linked to his alcoholism just three weeks after the election.

For many people this is the start of the great summer getaway as schools across England and Wales begin their six-week holidays.

But last year's summer season was marked by widespread travel disruption.

So whether you're travelling by plane, train, road or ferry, will things be smoother this time round?

This summer is set to be the busiest time for aviation since before the pandemic.

Some 92,404 flights are scheduled to depart the UK this July, according to aviation data firm Cirium - the most since October 2019.

Last summer, demand for travel roared back after Covid travel restrictions were eased. But many airports and airlines that had made cuts during the pandemic struggled to recruit staff quickly enough.

They insist they've pulled out all the stops to make their operations more resilient this year.

For example, EasyJet told the BBC in March it started recruiting far earlier than usual and was already fully staffed for summer.

However, there are different headaches this year, which could mean further disruption, although not necessarily on the scale of last year's problems.

Strike action, notably by French air traffic controllers, has been causing cancellations and delays for months.

Flights over France to destinations such as Spain and Portugal have also been affected, which Ryanair's boss has repeatedly complained about.

However, some action has been called off. Eight days of strikes planned in July and August by ground handlers at Gatwick Airport will now not go ahead.

Many airports struggled to cope last summer

Proposed summer strike action by security workers at Heathrow was called off after the Unite union accepted an improved pay offer.

And at Birmingham Airport, a strike expected to involve more than 150 security staff and technicians has been suspended after a fresh pay offer.

The threat of strikes by European air traffic managers at Eurocontrol remains, but no dates have been set. The union involved told the BBC it hopes to reach an agreement with the employer.

The air traffic control environment is "challenging", according to Willie Walsh, who heads up global airline body Iata.

EasyJet has already axed 1,700 summer flights at Gatwick to reduce the chance of last-minute cancellations, blaming what it called "unprecedented" air traffic limitations.

Europe's air space remains constrained and clogged up due to the Ukraine war.

"In the event of French strikes some flights may be rerouted through other, already congested, air space which itself creates additional pressure," says aviation expert John Strickland.

"Manpower shortages in parts of Europe such as Greece and Denmark [are] causing capacity bottlenecks, which create further delays.

"Indeed one European airline CEO told me that the whole of European air traffic control except the UK was 'a mess'."

Mr Strickland thinks events like summer storms could add pressure to an already stretched system, leading to delays and cancellations.

On the railway, the plans of thousands of people going on day trips or holidays could be affected.

Rail workers in the RMT union at 14 train companies with government contracts walk out again on Saturday 29 July.

Their dispute over pay, jobs and working conditions has been going on for more than a year now.

The operators are all based in England but some run services into Wales and Scotland.

The level of disruption during these strikes will vary around the country. Many will run reduced services.

Strike day timetables are published a week before each date.

It's worth checking before you set off.

These RMT strikes are happening after the union rejected the latest proposals from the industry, which is backed by the government.

The train companies are under pressure from the government to cut costs. With the national dispute at a standstill, they have since announced controversial plans to close most station ticket offices in England.

Passengers are being asked to provide their views until 26 July, in a consultation run by watchdogs Transport Focus and London Travelwatch.

Train drivers in the Aslef union have also been taking action short of a strike in the form of an overtime ban at 15 train companies. The next overtime ban will be from Monday 31 July to Saturday 5 August.

This could cause some reduced timetables and last-minute cancellations.

In London, strikes on the Underground have been called off following last-minute talks.

Traffic is expected to increase as we head into the summer holiday season, and roads could be busier than usual as train strikes push people into cars instead.

"It's likely that people will consider altering their journey plans and they may well travel by car instead so it's important they check their vehicle is roadworthy before setting off," says Frank Bird, senior network planner at National Highways.

"We'd also remind motorists to check the weather forecast... and to take plenty of drinking water with them as well as food that won't be affected by the heat in case of delays."

There were long queues at Dover during the Easter holidays

Dover is Europe's busiest ferry port, and summer is its peak time as passengers head across the Channel.

It will be under the spotlight again after many passengers experienced long queues last July and during this year's Easter holidays.

Holidaymakers are being warned to expect to wait up to two-and-a-half hours to pass additional passport checks introduced after Brexit.

In late May, port boss Doug Bannister told the BBC everything possible had been done to prevent the same level of delays.

However, he said "it would be foolish" to guarantee there would never be queues. Mr Bannister added that additional passport checks were a factor.

The port's location between cliffs and the sea means space is limited.

It says measures in place ahead of the summer holidays include working with coach and ferry operators to spread out travel at peak times, extra space to process coach passengers, and putting in more border control posts.

Local authorities and emergency services have traffic management plans for busy times, including queuing up lorries on the M20 motorway.

This system was reinstated ahead of the busy July and August period.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The BBC's media editor Katie Razzall looks at why Prince Harry is suing the Mirror Group

Prince Harry has been on this collision course for years - and finally he is going to be in a courtroom in person, eyeball to eyeball, in his battle against the tabloid press.

It promises to be an electrifying moment as he gives his evidence and faces questions from lawyers in London's High Court about his allegations of phone hacking.

Prince Harry has said that changing the media landscape is his "life's work" - and this gladiatorial courtroom encounter could be one of his own defining moments.

He has two of the key requirements for this legal battle: First, a single-minded determination to keep going without settling, and second, being rich enough to take the financial hit if he loses.

But giving evidence in person in this Mirror Group Newspapers hacking trial will have big risks for him. He will face the type of open, public and tough questioning that is a long way from any previous royal interview he has taken part in.

"This isn't like taking questions from Oprah Winfrey in a celebrity interview," says Tim Maltin, managing partner of Maltin PR, which specialises in high-profile reputation management.

"It is a hostile encounter with a highly-skilled cross-examiner armed with a battery of techniques to undermine your credibility.

"Giving evidence is daunting… and cross-examination is far more often traumatic than cathartic," he says.

Prince Harry is likely to face detailed questioning about highly personal news stories which he claims were obtained through unlawful means - an allegation which the newspaper group disputes.

He could face gruelling questioning about stories relating to his relationships, his girlfriends, his mother Diana, the treatment of Meghan and his life growing up in the Royal Family.

There have already been challenges to the allegations of Prince Harry and his co-complainants. Lawyers for Mirror Group have said the evidence of hacking is "slim" in some cases and "utterly non-existent" in others.

Prince Harry in 2010 with Chelsy Davy, a relationship he says was undermined by press intrusion

Prince Harry's own memoir, Spare, might be turned against him, with its accounts of drug taking and family tensions.

Historian and author Sir Anthony Seldon thinks Prince Harry is ill-advised to be appearing in court like this.

"Harry should never be there," he says, arguing that the Royal Family should rise above such fights.

"Harry's standing and trajectory will only be harmed, whatever the outcome. The public is losing sympathy with him and his constant protestations of victimhood," says Sir Anthony.

"Harry and Meghan's continuing hard luck stories only make William and Kate look much better in every way," he adds.

But royal commentator Pauline Maclaran thinks taking a stand like this could boost Prince Harry's popularity, particularly among young people.

Rather than being accused of being privileged or entitled, she says in this court case "he'll be seen as the underdog, and that's a good position to be seen in".

"Many young people will see him as quite a heroic figure, fighting the establishment," says Prof Maclaran, an academic at Royal Holloway, University of London.

"It could be good for Harry in the long run, even though the older generation will be tut-tutting," she says.

As for the rest of the Royal Family, they will be "watching with an element of horror", she says.

A previous hacking case this year against News Group Newspapers already produced the bombshell claim that Prince William had reached a private settlement with the newspaper publishers.

And Prof Maclaran expects more focus on the Royal Family's dealings with the press in a way that could prove "uncomfortable" for Harry's royal relatives.

The Newsnight interview with Prince Andrew in 2019 only lasted an hour - but it is still providing material for news four years later. So it is not surprising if there is royal anxiety about Prince Harry facing days of giving evidence.

There is going to be intense global interest in this court case. Harry and his wife Meghan provoke strong reactions among supporters and critics, and the eyes of the world will be watching.

Royal historian Ed Owens says the public will be fascinated by this combination of "courtroom drama and royal soap opera" and the prospect of a royal "pulling back the curtain" on the relationship between the tabloid press and the monarchy.

Not only does this case aim to expose evidence of hacking, but the stakes are made even higher by the argument that senior executives must also have known what was going on.

How will Harry react when his claims are challenged and put under the microscope? Will he start getting irritated? Will it be upsetting for him to talk about the press intrusion which by his own account has dogged him since childhood? How will he handle the pressure?

Edward VII (left) is one of small group of royals who have given evidence in court - in the 1890s as Prince of Wales. He is pictured with Victoria and George V

It is very unusual to see a royal appearance in a witness box.

The last senior royal to give evidence in this way was in the 19th Century, when Edward VII, as Prince of Wales, appeared in two cases - one in a dispute over card cheating and the other in a divorce case, in which the prince denied any "improper familiarity".

In 2002, Princess Anne appeared in court to plead guilty after her dogs bit two children.

But those were very brief and different types of court appearances.

Part of the mystique of the monarchy is in saying little and answering less. Prince Harry is breaking the unspoken taboo about a royal going into the witness box to face what could be very embarrassing questions - but it is something that he clearly feels is worth the risk.

His grievance with the excesses of the press is deeply personal and emotional.

This is a court confrontation that you could almost trace directly back to the death of his mother Diana, in a car crash in Paris in 1997 when she was being pursued by paparazzi.

He has repeatedly connected that moment to his battle with the tabloid press.

It is his day of reckoning. His high noon in the High Court.

Read the latest from our royal correspondent Sean Coughlan - sign up here.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Sir Keir Starmer on by-election win: Starmer: "First time I have been able to say: Well done Keir"

Sir Keir Starmer says Labour can now win anywhere - but Rishi Sunak insists his party is still in the game after three very different by-elections.

Labour secured a massive 23.7% swing from the Tories in Selby, with its 25-year-old candidate Keir Mather winning by 4,000 votes.

The Lib Dems overturned a big Tory majority to take Somerset and Frome.

But in Uxbridge and South Ruislip, the Tories narrowly held on to Boris Johnson's old seat.

The Labour leadership blamed their failure to take Uxbridge and South Ruislip by 495 votes on the planned expansion of the Ultra Low Emission Zone (Ulez)- a charge for the most polluting vehicles - to outer London.

The winning Conservative candidate, Steve Tuckwell, said Sadiq Khan's "damaging and costly Ulez policy" had lost Labour the seat.

Sir Keir Starmer said Labour's Mayor of London needed to "reflect" on the policy, but stopped short of saying it should be scrapped.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak also attributed the Conservative win to voter anger over Ulez - and claimed the result showed the next general election was not a "done deal".

Mr Sunak said: "When people are confronted with a real choice, a choice on a matter of substance, they vote Conservative.

"That's what the general election is going to be about."

But overall, the trio of by-election results show what the opinion polls have suggested for months - Mr Sunak faces a deep challenge at that election, which is expected to take place next year.

Having three by-elections on the same night is unusual, especially for a prime minister less than a year into the job.

The last time Labour secured a by-election swing as large as it did in Selby and Ainsty was in the 1990s - which ended with the Conservatives suffering a landslide defeat.

Keir Mather, 25, is the first MP to be born after Labour's victory in 1997.

He will also become the youngest MP in the House of Commons after overturning a 20,000 Conservative majority.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. We've got to double down and stick to our plan - Sunak

Celebrating the victory in the rural North Yorkshire constituency on Friday, Sir Keir claimed it represented a "cry for change" from voters.

He said it was a "vindication" of the changes he had made to the party since taking over from Jeremy Corbyn as leader, showing Labour "can win anywhere, including places that were Tory strongholds".

"I know people have put their trust in us, and we will deliver on that trust," he added.

The Labour leader has ditched many of the policies promoted by Mr Corbyn, who has been suspended from the parliamentary party while other left-wing figures have been sidelined.

On Friday, the chair of Uxbridge's Labour party resigned with a parting shot at Sir Keir.

David Williams, who said his resignation was "nothing to do" with the by-election result, told the BBC he was unhappy with Sir Keir's leadership and the party's "move to the right."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The Lib Dem leader stages a cannon stunt to celebrate his party winning the Somerton and Frome by-election

It was a good night for the Liberal Democrats, who overturned a Tory majority of 19,000 in Somerton and Frome in Somerset.

The party leader Sir Ed Davey said it showed voters were uniting to defeat the Conservatives.

Sarah Dykes, a local business owner and sheep farmer, becomes the tenth female Lib Dem MP - meaning there are now twice as many females as males in the Commons cohort.

Speaking after her election, she promised to be an "active, hard-working champion".

Twitter began purging accounts that were once verified on Thursday, as part of the company's effort to encourage subscriptions

What do Beyoncé and Cristiano Ronaldo have in common? As of today, they are no longer verified on Twitter.

The social media giant began removing the once-coveted blue tick verification from thousands of accounts on Thursday.

The move comes as owner Elon Musk attempts to overhaul the social media company to turn a profit.

Users who wish to retain the check beside their name must pay $84 a year (£67) to subscribe to Twitter Blue.

As some lost their ticks, others kept them.

Despite saying he would not pay to be verified, LeBron James still has a blue tick which is a "complimentary subscription" gifted by Elon Musk.

The billionaire confirmed Stephen King and William Shatner also got the same deal.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Elon Musk This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

As the change happened, many formerly verified took to Twitter to joke about it, or mourn the loss.

US Olympian Lolo Jones noted she's still verified where it counts: her dating profile.

Other users noted the irony that actor Jason Sudeikis had lost his verification, while Ted Lasso, the fictional character he portrays, had not.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post 2 by Ben Stiller This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

US rapper Ice T joked that the uproar over the checks was unnecessary.

"The fact that we're even discussing Blue check marks is a Sad moment in society," he posted.

The company first introduced the verification feature in 2009, after a former professional baseball player sued the social media giant over imposter accounts.

The blue check became a status symbol and a sign of authority. But in the new Twitter-verse, Mr Musk wants users to pay to be verified.

The decision to monetise verification could usher in a massive cultural and power shift on the platform.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

In the days before verification, Kanye West, Shaq and Ewan McGregor were among the first celebrities to speak out about being impersonated on Twitter. Now that the badges are gone, a celebrity's follower count may become the only way to tell the difference between someone famous and an imposter.

Within a few hours of losing verification, an account posing as Hillary Clinton, complete with the same profile picture as the former US senator, "announced" she would again run for the presidency.

Under Twitter's new verification scheme, gold, grey and blue badges are meant to provide more context to how an account was verified.

But the lack of verification is already causing confusion. In New York City, a new handle has claimed to be the "authentic Twitter account" representing the government.

Experts warn these are the kind of tweets that could lead to the spread of misinformation.

Mr Musk has tried to frame the decision to do away with verification as a way to democratise content on the site. But critics have argued the move will amplify disinformation as Twitter Blue subscribers will get prioritised rankings - Mr Musk has said that only verified accounts will appear in the site's prominent For You stream.

Social media monitors and experts fear the rise in paid verification will lead to an amplification of misinformation on the site. If that were to happen, it could scare off yet more advertisers - and undermine any extra revenue Twitter is getting from its verification subscription model.

But Mr Musk said pain is a part of change.

"I feel like we're headed to a good place," he told BBC News. "Overall, I think the trend is very good."

President Macron was re-elected on a platform of raising the retirement age and yet his reforms are deeply unpopular

"What this crisis goes to show," veteran political commentator Alain Duhamel said recently, "is that there are two Frances out there. They live in completely separate mental worlds, and find it impossible even to communicate."

As the country teeters on the edge of civil unrest, his verdict echoes like a gloomy premonition. France's demons are back, and stalking the land.

The anger and mutual incomprehension over President Emmanuel Macron's proposed reform of the pension age show how dangerously polarised the two factions have become.

The government says pushing back the pension age from 62 to 64 is vital in order to preserve France's much-prized "share-out" system - based on a single fund that workers pay into and pensioners draw out of.

With people living longer, the only alternatives would be to cut the value of pensions, or increase contributions from those in work.

And both those options would be even more unpopular.

What's more, says the president, France is merely aligning itself with every other European democracy - most of which have pension ages even higher than the proposed 64.

But none of this seems to have gained traction with the public, who continue to reject the reform by a margin of about 70% to 30%.

Prime Minister Élisabeth Borne addressed the National Assembly last week to a chorus of boos and chants of "Resign"

Instead, people seem more inclined to believe the arguments of the left and far-right: first that there is no urgency because pension finances are not as bad as they're portrayed - but also that it's unjust.

On one side, many protesters are calling not just for an end to the reform, but actually for a lowering of the retirement age, back to where it was before 2010, when it was just 60.

On the other, voices from the right say that the Macron plan is already so riddled with concessions and exemptions, wrung under pressure during the long parliamentary process, that the savings it will make are now virtually meaningless.

In a functioning democracy the opposing arguments would surely find some form of compromise. After all, a majority of the population, while rejecting the Macron plan, also agrees that some reform of pensions is needed.

Faith in conventional politics and the parliamentary system is in fact at rock-bottom. How else to explain the collapse of Gaullists and Socialists, who ran France for half a century, and the rise of the far-right and far-left?

President Macron encouraged the death of the ancien régime, that old order which he exploited to pose as the lone moderate, picking sensible bits from programmes of left and right.

President Macron's failure to secure a parliamentary majority in last year's election means he will struggle to enact major reforms

Hyper-intelligent and hyper-keen he may have been, but France never liked him and he was elected, twice, by default. Because the alternative, Marine Le Pen, was unacceptable to most.

By eliminating the moderate opposition, he made the opposition extreme.

At last year's parliamentary election, he failed to secure a majority - making inevitable the use last Thursday of constitutional force majeure known as 49:3 to push the law through.

Meanwhile, the tenor of public debate was steadily debased.

The left tabled literally thousands of amendments to the pensions bill, making its conventional passage impossible. Opponents described as "brutal" and "inhuman" a reform which in other countries would have seemed perfectly anodyne.

One left-wing MP posed outside the Assembly with his foot on a ball painted with the head of the labour minister; fearing mob violence, a leading pro-Macron MP called on Friday for police protection for her colleagues.

Thousands of tonnes of rubbish lie uncollected in Paris as refuse collectors strike for a second week

With scenes of looting and urban violence, hills of rotting rubbish on the streets of Paris and other French cities, and the promise of more crippling strikes to come, this is the unedifying atmosphere as the country enters the next crucial phase in the crisis.

Following the president's invocation of the 49:3 procedure, opposition parties have tabled two censure motions against the government which will be debated this week. In theory, if one of them passes that would lead to the fall of the government, and possible early elections.

In practice, even the so-called "transpartisan" motion tabled by a centrist group in parliament - supposedly more liable to create a consensus between the mutually hostile far-left and far-right - would be unlikely to get the numbers.

If the motions fail, then the opposition can continue to battle the reform by other means: for example by appealing to the Constitutional Council, which rules on the constitutionality of new laws, or by trying to organise a referendum.

The government hopes that reality will at some point set in, and that most people will dejectedly accept the inevitable.

Quite possibly a sacrificial victim will eventually have to made - no doubt in the form of Prime Minister Élisabeth Borne.

But for now, the mood is too ugly for that.

In the immediate term, to every petrol depot blockaded, to every bin uncollected, and to every window smashed will be joined the accompanying refrain: "Blame 49:3. Blame Macron."

Australian actor Hugh Jackman has revealed he is undergoing more skin cancer tests after a recent medical check-up.

Sporting a bandage on his nose, the Wolverine actor took to social media to urge followers to get checked and follow sun safety advice.

The 54-year-old star said he expects test results within the next few days.

Jackman had his first skin cancer removed in 2013, and has since had at least six procedures.

In his video post, Jackman said his doctor had noticed "little things which could be, or could not be basal cell [carcinomas]".

Basal cell carcinoma is a non-melanoma - which means it is much less likely to spread - and is caused by overexposure to the sun or sunbeds. Treatment for non-melanoma skin cancers are successful in 90% of cases, according to the NHS.

Jackman reassured fans that basal cell carcinomas are the "least dangerous" in the world of skin cancer, but said he hoped his scare reminds people to be sun-safe.

"Please wear sunscreen, it is just not worth it, no matter how much you want a tan. Trust me!" he said.

Sorry, we're having trouble displaying this content. View original content on Instagram The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Australia is the skin cancer capital of the world, with more than 11,500 people diagnosed with a melanoma and an estimated 434,000 treated for other skin cancers each year.

In 2015, Jackman told People magazine his diagnoses had come as a surprise despite his upbringing.

"It's always a bit of a shock just hearing the word 'cancer'," he said.

"Being an Australian it's a very common thing. I never wore sunscreen growing up so I was a prime candidate for it."

Born in Sydney to English-emigrant parents, Jackman is best known for his role as Wolverine in Marvel's X-Men franchise.

Other career highlights include 2004's action-horror Van Helsing, the 2006 drama The Prestige, and the 2017 musical The Greatest Showman.

A major incident was declared following the explosion at 11:20 GMT on Monday

A man who died after a suspected gas explosion at a house in Swansea has been named as Brian Davies.

The body of the 68-year-old was found in the rubble during a search following the blast on Clydach Road in the Morriston area of the city.

Emergency services were called to the scene at about 11:20 GMT on Monday and a major incident was declared.

Mr Davies was described as "friendly and very well liked" and known by many residents in the area.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Anthony Bennett's son was hurt in the blast

Three others, including a 14-year-old boy were taken to hospital with injuries, but two have since been discharged.

Most householders have since been allowed to return to their homes, but access to 12 properties has been restricted as the repair and recovery operation continues, according to Swansea Council.

Det Insp Carl Price, of South Wales Police, said: "Our thoughts remain with Brian's family and friends, at what is a very difficult time for them, and those who have been injured following the explosion.

"Our inquiries are ongoing to establish the cause of the incident, and these inquiries are being carried out in partnership with relevant agencies including the Health and Safety Executive.

"The patience and understanding of local residents on Clydach Road, and the wider community in Morriston, is very much appreciated while this work remains ongoing."

Sioned Williams, Member of the Senedd (MS) for the South Wales West region, said residents had told her Mr Davies was "friendly and very well liked".

"He apparently used to sit outside on the step and talk to people in the street. A lot of people knew him and liked him," she said.

The damage was extensive and about 100 people were unable to return to their homes until Tuesday

One property was completely flattened with Wales & West Utilities describing the structural damage as "severe".

Its Chief Operating Officer Rob Long said the cause of the explosion was not yet known.

He added Wales & West Utilities remained at the scene on Tuesday to make sure the area was safe, as well as carrying out checks to rule out damage to the network.

He said: "We would like to reassure local residents that every safety precaution is being taken. As part of this, we are joined by other utilities in turning off gas and power to the immediate surrounding properties - however, there will be no impact on gas supplies to the wider area."

The National Grid's website said 212 properties were without electricity in the aftermath of the explosion, but power was restored by 18:40 on Monday.

Swansea council leader Rob Stewart said about 100 people had initially been displaced.

The British Red Cross sent a team to help and the council set up a rest centre at Morriston Memorial Hall.

The community has rallied around to help those affected, with Morriston Town Football Club taking donations of clothes and providing hot drinks.

Speaking at the site on Tuesday morning, councillor Ceri Evans said the thoughts and prayers of the community were with the family of the man who died.

"I am sure there will be a full and robust investigation and the council will support it but the community will want answers," he said.

Resident Pam Evans said it was "very worrying" that people had not been able to return to their homes.

She added that there was "ongoing trauma" for residents still unable to access their properties to get clothes, medication and other belongings.

"People are very distressed and we have vulnerable members of the community here also, so it's a difficult situation," she said.

Brian Davies has been named as the man who died following the explosion

Anthony Bennett's son Ethan was the child pulled from the rubble, along with his mother Claire, who remains in hospital with six broken ribs.

He said: "[Ethan] just remembers the explosion going and him being thrown up against the ceiling.

"Then next thing he knew he was coming round, he seemed to be outside or in the open air.

"But apparently part of the roof was under him and half was on top of him and the guy who lived a couple of doors down, he ran across to check on Claire and then he ran up and dragged Ethan out and he carried Ethan off the roof to get him out.

"They are so lucky to come out of it."

Ethan and his mother were two of three people taken to hospital after the explosion, with a second adult - a postman - since being discharged.

After every Premier League weekend, BBC football pundit Garth Crooks gathers his thoughts and gives you his Team of the Week.

Here are this week's choices and, as ever, Garth also discusses the game's big talking points in the Crooks of the Matter.
• None Follow your Premier League club and get news, analysis and fan views sent direct to you

Andre Onana (Manchester United): He's not my favourite goalkeeper but his performances of late seem to have settled down considerably.

Some Manchester United supporters had the gall to complain about David de Gea before he left the club, but the way Onana started the campaign their fans must have been left wondering 'what have we done?'

Onana has made my team selection once before this season and seems to have settled down into some sort of routine and ironed out the errors.

His save from Brentford's Yehor Yarmoliuk at the foot of his right-hand post was top class and his recovery to stop Keane Lewis-Potter from putting the rebound away was just as impressive.

Ezri Konsa (Aston Villa): What a way to end your week. You score a goal in a 2-0 win against your Midlands rivals having just played 70 minutes for England against Brazil and 90 against Belgium at Wembley.

Konsa is back thriving in an Aston Villa shirt after a lengthy lay-off through injury. He also looked comfortable in the Three Lions defence and may be one of the surprise call-ups in May for the European Championship.

In the win over Wolves Konsa looked self-assured. To have him back in defence for Villa's remaining eight games must be a big relief for Unai Emery.

To keep a clean sheet against Wolves and not concede on set plays having struggled in previous games is not a coincidence - Konsa will have had plenty to do with that.

William Saliba (Arsenal): I don't think I've seen a more disciplined or professional defensive performance from an Arsenal team for years. No dramas from Granit Xhaka or incidents that were likely to enrage the home support.

The Gunners finished the 0-0 draw with Manchester City with 11 players on the pitch, having not lost their heads or forgotten the mission. Hey presto, they come away from Etihad Stadium with a point to keep the pressure right on Liverpool and remain serious title contenders.

Saliba goes through games almost unnoticed until you realise very little has actually got past him. This time last year he got injured and missed the most crucial part of the season and Arsenal paid the price. If the Gunners can keep their players fit they are in with a real chance. It is still all to play for.

Gabriel (Arsenal): I thought about selecting Liverpool captain Virgil van Dijk but then Jarell Quansah equipped himself exceptionally well under the circumstances against Brighton and so did Joe Gomez.

However, I felt compelled to pick Gabriel, who handled Manchester City's Erling Haaland brilliantly. They locked horns on a couple of occasions while there was a moment when the camera actually picked up the red-hot level of intensity between the two players.

Gabriel is a warrior, there is no doubt about that, and he completely outbattled Haaland. Over the years Arsenal have taken away the rough edges associated with Gabriel's game without losing any of his competitive edge and he is now proving to be a real asset.

A clean sheet away at the Etihad is telling. If they do go on and lift the title their defensive displays will have an awful lot to do with it.

Cole Palmer (Chelsea): I've seen some poor decisions in my time but the penalty awarded to Chelsea for the apparent foul on Mykhailo Mudryk by Burnley's Lorenz Assignon was about as farcical as it gets.

Darren England's assessment of the situation was appalling. He awarded a penalty to a player whose first touch was so poor he sent the ball in the direction of the defender - who then inevitably made shoulder contact with the striker. Not every bit of contact in the box has to be a penalty. The issue is whether it is a foul or not.

For England to seriously consider the contact on Mudryk a penalty was laughable. However, having sent Assignon off for a second yellow he should have at least sought confirmation from the touchline monitor which is now available to referees - but he did not. It is hardly surprising Burnley boss Vincent Kompany completely lost it on the side of the pitch.

The way Palmer dispatched his penalty showed he has supreme confidence in his own ability. But his dinked finish was bordering on 'taking the Michael' and players have a way of dealing with that. If he's not careful he may have his wings clipped.

Alexis Mac Allister (Liverpool): The ball by Mac Allister for Mohamed Salah to score Liverpool's winner in the 2-1 victory against Brighton was nothing short of world class.

The Argentine midfielder did something similar for Darwin Nunez to snatch a last-gasp win against Nottingham Forest earlier in the season so there is no doubt about his quality. It is never easy playing against your old team-mates but Mac Allister did not let the occasion get to him and produced some sparkling football.

Brighton were outstanding in this match. Any team that receives warm applause from an Anfield crowd at various periods of the game says volumes about the quality of their away performance.

Much has been made about the decision of Xabi Alonso to remain at Bayer Leverkusen, but Liverpool could do much worse than offer Roberto de Zerbi the post. What he has done at Brighton is nothing short of miraculous.

Anthony Gordon (Newcastle): It's been one hell of a week for Gordon. He played for England against Brazil in midweek only to return to the North East to preside over the thrilling 4-3 comeback win over West Ham at St James' Park and get sent off in the process. His second yellow card was his only mistake throughout the entire match against the Hammers.

But why Vladimir Coufal felt the need to try to win a ball in his own box he didn't need to and give away a penalty during the first three minutes of the game takes some explaining.

Gordon was smart enough to know that if he got to the ball first the defender would clatter into him and so he did. Newcastle lived dangerously but West Ham were reckless to lose a two-goal lead when looking so comfortable.

Harvey Barnes (Newcastle): West Ham haven't kept a clean sheet in nine matches and it is hardly surprising the way they defended against Newcastle. Kalvin Phillips remains off the pace and needs a good pre-season and a series of top-class uninterrupted fixtures to get him back to where he once was.

Meanwhile, Harvey Barnes looks every bit rejuvenated and back in business having come on for the Magpies and scored two brilliantly taken goals - and he could have had a hat-trick within 30 minutes.

Both these players have suffered recently for various reasons but have the ability to get back playing international football. Phillips would do well to get signed and settled permanently at West Ham as soon as possible, while Barnes needs to remain fit for the rest of the season.

Luis Diaz (Liverpool): Colombia winger Diaz leaves every ounce of himself on the pitch. His work ethic is outstanding and it was his effort and determination that eventually wore Brighton's defence down and got Liverpool back into the game with his equaliser.

He deserves the goals he gets due to the fact that he works so hard for them. Liverpool find themselves back at the top of the Premier League table with nine games left to play and with Arsenal and Manchester City breathing down their necks.

Jurgen Klopp's side have a tricky run-in including a trip to Manchester United next weekend, who have already knocked them out of the FA Cup. Denying Liverpool three points at Old Trafford as they hunt a 20th title would have United fans licking their lips.

Ivan Toney (Brentford): He was desperately unlucky to have been ruled offside in the 1-1 draw with Manchester United, having taken the goal so brilliantly. However, to remain so calm when you are a goal down with seconds left on the clock to play says a lot about a player.

Toney controlled a hopeful ball that had come out of the sky with his foot like a ball sitting on a cushion. He then proceeded to dribble his way around a number of United players before laying the most exquisite pass on a plate for Kristoffer Ajer to finish what was a deserved equaliser.

Toney has been quite remarkable since his return from a suspension for gambling breaches that was in my view draconian and unsympathetic of a player who clearly had issues - and in a sport obsessed with gambling advertising.

Son Heung-min (Tottenham): After their diabolical performance against Fulham before the international break we saw Tottenham make very hard work of a game against Luton that should have been routine.

What happened to the team that blew Aston Villa away? And why Tottenham have to wait to go a goal behind before they realise the game has started is hard to fathom.

What is infuriating is Tottenham's levels of inconsistency. One minute they look world beaters, the next perennial losers. Fortunately the only consistent player for Spurs these days is Son Heung-min. Without him they would be sunk.

All eyes start to shift to 28 April where Tottenham fans will be desperate to see their team stop Arsenal from winning the title. Something an inconsistent Tottenham are very capable of doing.

The Crooks of the Matter

What a mess. The recent four-point deduction given to Nottingham Forest for breaching Premier League profit and sustainability rules seriously threatens their top-flight survival.

They now join Everton - who were docked 10 points earlier in the season for similar offences, prior to being given four points back on appeal - in a perilous situation at the bottom.

Meanwhile, it is more than a year since Manchester City were charged with more than 100 alleged breaches of financial rules - which they deny - but it's business as usual for them. I think football fans deserve to know why.

What is even more interesting is if Nottingham Forest or Everton do go down why should the players of either club suffer the financial loss or status? They have done nothing wrong. I would be consulting my lawyers and considering leaving the club with my registration in hand.

The Premier League, in trying to ensure fair play, seem to have done the opposite. They have created a legal battlefield and left certain clubs completely exposed having opened a hornets' nest. What's more it is the players and their fans who are the ones getting stung.
• None Our coverage of your Premier League club is bigger and better than ever before - here's everything you need to know to make sure you never miss a moment

Constance Marten and Mark Gordon have been charged with gross negligence manslaughter after remains of a baby were found in an area of woodland.

The body of a newborn was found on Wednesday following a massive search operation around Brighton.

Prosecutors said they are also accused of concealing the birth of a child and perverting the course of justice.

Ms Marten, 35, and Gordon, 48, are due to appear at Crawley Magistrates' Court on Friday.

They were first arrested on Monday and held in custody for questioning, before being charged by the Crown Prosecution Service on Thursday evening.

Police said earlier on Thursday it was "too early" to say when the infant died or establish its sex.

The Metropolitan Police said a post-mortem examination would take place on Friday.

Barry Hughes, chief crown prosecutor for CPS London North, said: "These charges arise from their arrest on Monday as a result of a lengthy police investigation to establish their whereabouts and that of their baby.

"The Crown Prosecution Service reminds all concerned that criminal proceedings against Constance Marten and Mark Gordon are active and that they have the right to a fair trial."

Ms Marten and Gordon were detained following a 53-day missing persons search which led to a wooded area in East Sussex.

Hundreds of officers using sniffer dogs, thermal cameras, helicopters and drones were drafted in to look for the infant.

The Metropolitan Police has referred the case to the Independent Office for Police Conduct because the baby died during a missing persons investigation it was leading.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: 'My beautiful boy' - families pay tribute at the vigil

Thousands of people at a vigil for those killed in the Nottingham attacks have been urged to hold no "hate in your hearts".

Grace O'Malley-Kumar, Barnaby Webber, both 19, and Ian Coates, 65, were stabbed to death in Tuesday's attacks.

Their families joined a vigil in the city's Old Market Square, where a minute's silence was held.

Ms O'Malley-Kumar's mother Sinead urged the crowd to be "kind to one another".

"Look after each other, don't have hate in your hearts. Say prayers for my baby girl," she said.

Her thoughts were echoed by Mr Webber's mother Emma, who said: "Please hold no hate that relates to any colour, sex or religion."

James Coates, whose father was an avid Nottingham Forest fan, roused the crowd with a shout of "you Reds!".

Many of those attending the vigil had arrived wearing red in response to a request from him and brother Lee.

Barnaby Webber, Grace O'Malley-Kumar and Ian Coates died at the scene of the attacks

Addressing the crowd, James said: "I want to thank everybody that has given us a kind word.

"It feels like he touched a lot of hearts over the years - more than we thought he had, so it's heartening to see the messages and see people come out and talk about how it helped them, some beautiful comments.

"We're still dealing with what's happened. We still haven't taken it all in so we just want to say - my dad was an avid fisherman and he loved his family he also loved his Forest - go you Reds!"

Barnaby Webber's mother Emma joked they "couldn't get him home" from Nottingham

Mrs Webber told the vigil her son had "really loved" Nottingham.

"Like Grace's dad said yesterday, we couldn't get him bloody home," she said.

She referred to an anonymous letter left during Wednesday's tributes at the university, and offered her support to everyone affected.

"We stand here and we feel your love and we are united in grief and shock and disbelief, and one day we will smile again, but it will take time," she said.

She called for a roar of support from the crowd, who responded with emotion and enthusiasm.

The "monstrous individual" responsible for the deaths in the city on Tuesday "will not define us", she continued.

"I know he will receive the retribution that he deserves," she said.

"However, this evil person is just that. He is just a person."

Grace O'Malley-Kumar's mother Sinead said her daughter was "a treasure"

Ms O'Malley-Kumar's mother Sinead said the magnitude of the grief for her daughter reflects the magnitude of the love everyone had for her.

"My beautiful baby girl, she wasn't just beautiful on the outside, you must have seen her pictures, she was so beautiful on the inside. She was a treasure, an adored child," she said.

"She wanted very few things in life, she wanted to be a doctor, she wanted to play hockey with her pals, she wanted to have fun."

She added: "All they were doing was walking home, were just walking home after a night-out and, like Emma Webber says, this person must face justice. It just is truly so unfair."

Paying tribute to the caretaker, Ross Middleton, head teacher of Huntingdon Academy where Mr Coates worked, said he was "full of fun with a mischievous glint in his eye" and put huge effort into students' welfare.

"My abiding memory, then, will be the time he spent with his grandson and how he looked at his grandson with such love and pride he and he did a great job," he said.

"We will all remember him with great affection. Rest in peace Ian, and, of course, I'll keep an eye on Forest results for you."

Community, religious and political figures, including council leader David Mellen are speaking at the vigil

City council leader David Mellen told the families: "The attack on you is an attack on us all."

The Reverend Grant Walton from the University of Nottingham, where Mr Webber and Ms O'Malley-Kumar studied, described the three deaths in the city's attacks as a "traumatic, violent and needless loss".

He was followed by Prof Shearer West, the university's vice-chancellor who said they were still "trying to process the information" that the suspect was a former student.

"All three of these lives were cut short in the most unimaginable way on Tuesday morning.

"Their well-earned retirement plans and bright futures brutally curtailed by a seemingly random act of violence.

"At the university, we held our own vigil yesterday with Barney and Grace's families to remember them and mourn their loss.

"I was overwhelmed by the love and support that was offered to the families by more than 2,000 students and staff who gathered together as a community.

"Although seemingly unconnected to these dreadful acts, we are still in the university trying to process the information that the suspect in custody was a former student," she said.

Nottingham North Labour MP Alex Norris said "we must all be there" for the families of the victims as he spoke on behalf of Nottingham's other MPs, Nadia Whittome and Lilian Greenwood.

Nottinghamshire Police and Crime Commissioner Caroline Henry said: "There is no place for hate in the healing process.

"It's important that we remain united and come back stronger from this tragedy as Nottingham together."

During a short pause before the minute's silence at 18:00 BST, the crowd were asked to talk to each other to emphasise Nottingham's sense of community.

Heart-shaped balloons with the words "Choose Love" were held by one woman near the stage.

Earlier, Home Secretary Suella Braverman added a wreath to flowers laid outside the Council House.

She also met with police chiefs for an update on the investigation and visit emergency services personnel to thank them for their response to the attacks.

Writing in the Nottingham Post, she spoke of her "profound sorrow" at Tuesday's attacks.

"As I pay my respects today, I am touched by the words of tribute from family and friends and join them to remember Barnaby, a talented student and respected sportsman, and Grace, an accomplished hockey player and promising medical student," she wrote.

"Both with so much promise and who had already achieved so much in their young lives. And to Ian, a kind, dedicated and much-loved family man and pillar of the school community."

Police were earlier granted more time to question the 31-year-old suspect.

They said he was a former student of the university but did not believe this to be behind the attack.

Nottinghamshire Police also confirmed it had referred part of the incident to the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC), as a marked police car followed the suspect's van before it collided with two pedestrians.

CCTV pictured a man matching the suspect's description trying to get into a supporting living complex

Mr Webber and Ms O'Malley-Kumar were attacked with a knife in Ilkeston Road, shortly after 04:00.

After this a man matching the suspect's description attempted to get into a supporting living complex in Mapperley Road, but was unable to gain entry.

Police believe that shortly afterwards, he attacked Mr Coates - who was found dead from knife injuries in Magdala Road - and stole his van, which was then used to hit pedestrians.

Officers have given more details of three other people injured in this part of the attacks.

A man was run over in the Milton Street area and left in a critical condition, but a Nottingham University Hospitals (NUH) NHS Trust spokesman said he was now stable.

The suspect was Tasered and arrested after a van was used to run over pedestrians

An attempt was then made to run over two other pedestrians in the Sherwood Street area. They are believed to have suffered minor injuries.

It was this part of the attacks that prompted the referral to the IOPC, police confirmed.

The IOPC confirmed the move and said: "We are assessing the referral to decide what further action may be required of the IOPC."

Large parts of the city centre were sealed off after the attacks

The suspect was Tasered and arrested after leaving a van and approaching officers with a knife, police said.

The force said it was still working alongside counter-terrorism policing and keeping an "open mind" on the motives behind these attacks.

A statement added: "A team of dedicated detectives is continuing to question the suspect and building up a strong picture of what happened that morning.

"This has included CCTV gathering, forensics, eyewitness accounts and searching a number of properties in the city."

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Mark did not get the £400 help with his energy bill last winter

More than 700,000 households in Great Britain have missed out on £300m worth of support for energy bills, according to BBC analysis of government figures.

These are households in places such as park homes and houseboats who did not have an energy supplier to apply a one-off £400 payment automatically.

The government said in February that more than 900,000 such households were eligible.

But only about 200,000 applications were made before the 31 May deadline.

The government announced last year that all households would get £400 taken off their energy bill over winter. For households who pay their bills by direct debit, the support was given through monthly payments from October to March.

However, for those with non-conventional energy set-ups the government launched the £400 Energy Bill Support Scheme Alternative Funding earlier this year.

BBC Verify analysis of data from the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero shows that of the more than 200,000 applications made under the scheme:

Matt Cole from the charity, the Fuel Bank Foundation, said it was disappointing that so many people had missed out and believed it was down to a number of factors.

"The launch of the scheme in spring this year rather before winter when it was needed most, the reliance on families self-identifying that they were eligible rather than them automatically receiving it, and the somewhat complex process to claim help will all have contributed."

The government said it had spent more than £50m "supporting 130,000 households without a domestic energy supplier".

This data suggests just over £300m of the possible £360m in Great Britain had not been claimed before the deadline.

People who thought they were eligible needed to apply on the government website or call a helpline, which is what Mark, who lives on his narrowboat, did.

"A lot of people [on canal boats] tried to put an application through for claiming for it [but] we hit a barrier when it said: 'Do you live in a marina or are you off grid?'

"The minute you clicked 'off grid' you went through to a box that said 'you are not eligible at this time'."

Mark uses three and a half bags of coal for his multi-fuel stove each week in winter. He had been paying around £9 per bag but last winter the price nearly doubled.

"[The £400 payment] would've been a great help. That money's had to come from somewhere so it's had to come out of the rest of my budgeting or my savings.

"It would've made my winter a bit easier, maybe I could have spent a bit more money on the grandkids."

Carol says she had to fight for her payment after being rejected several times

A government spokesperson said: "We spent billions to protect families when prices rose over winter, covering nearly half a typical household's energy bill.

"We're now seeing costs fall even further with wholesale energy prices down by over two thirds since their peak.

"We are urging councils to process applications and complete final checks as quickly as possible to ensure all those eligible receive the support they need."

The government said anyone who did not apply before the deadline should visit its Help for Households page.

Carol lives on a park home site south east of Runcorn. She says the application process was simple, but she was forced to apply three or four times because she kept getting rejected.

"We got refused, I don't know how many times. I kept going, I wouldn't give up. Because I thought, 'Why should I give up?' I've worked all my life, I've paid into the system.

"[The £400] was very important because 99.9% of people on these sites are all retired and a lot of them only have a basic pension, or maybe a bit of a top-up pension.

"But it's not going very far because food's gone up, petrol's gone up, so the £400 was absolutely a godsend."

Park homes were the largest single group seeking the £400 support, with 47,400 households out of the 203,580 who applied.

Tenants in private accommodation had the highest rejection and cancellation rates, with 47% of applications from this group being stopped. Applications were rejected if people had already received support, made a duplicate application or were not eligible.

The Office for National Statistics estimated that about 137,000 care home residents in England pay for some or all of their care, and these were eligible to apply for the support.

There were just under 22,000 applications from households in care homes across Great Britain.

In a similar scheme for Northern Ireland, 28,000 households were eligible for £600 worth of support, totalling around £16.8m.

There were just over 8,000 applications in Northern Ireland from those without a domestic electricity supply, with just over 4,000 already paid by 1 June 2023 and 160 awaiting payment.

Of the rest, just over 2,700 were cancelled or rejected and just over 1,000 were still being worked on. This means almost 23,000 Northern Ireland households may have missed out on an estimated £13.6m.

You can hear more on this story on the Money Box podcast.

Here are some energy saving ideas from environmental scientist Angela Terry, who set up One Home, a social enterprise that shares green, money-saving tips:

Six people, three of them children, have been killed in a primary school shooting in Nashville. The shooter was killed by police, officers said.

Ocado will stop operations at its Hatfield fulfilment centre later this year, putting 2,300 jobs at risk.

The online grocer, which runs the site in a joint venture with Marks & Spencer, said it hopes to redeploy as many staff as possible to other centres, including its new Luton site.

It comes as retailers increasingly shift to robotic customer fulfilment centres which are more productive.

Ocado said it did not expect the volume of orders it fulfils to be affected.

The firm says the Hatfield site - which was its first fulfilment centre - handles around a fifth of the 400,000 orders it processes per week.

These will now be moved to "high-productivity, next-generation facilities" around the UK, it said, including its Luton site which is scheduled to open later this year.

Ocado said its latest generation of automated fulfilment centres were "consistently achieving well over 200 units picked per labour hour", compared to around 150 for its first-generation site in Hatfield.

The newer sites also use less energy and have better capacity to handle same-day deliveries, it added.

Boss Tim Steiner said that now was the right time to halt operations at Hatfield and consider "future options for the site".

He said a consultation for affected staff had begun but that the business expected to retain "a large proportion of colleagues".

In February, Ocado reported a £500m annual loss, adding that the average number of items bought per visit had fallen from 52 in 2021 to 46 last year, although this was the same amount as before the pandemic.

Online grocery shopping saw a huge rise during the pandemic as people sought to avoid travelling to stores.

Since March, Ocado has been price-matching Tesco on about 10,000 goods as the battle between supermarkets continues.

However, despite the fierce competition, food prices are continuing to soar, rising at the fastest pace for 45 years according to the latest official data.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Sir Keir Starmer on by-election win: Starmer: "First time I have been able to say: Well done Keir"

Sir Keir Starmer says Labour can now win anywhere - but Rishi Sunak insists his party is still in the game after three very different by-elections.

Labour secured a massive 23.7% swing from the Tories in Selby, with its 25-year-old candidate Keir Mather winning by 4,000 votes.

The Lib Dems overturned a big Tory majority to take Somerset and Frome.

But in Uxbridge and South Ruislip, the Tories narrowly held on to Boris Johnson's old seat.

The Labour leadership blamed their failure to take Uxbridge and South Ruislip by 495 votes on the planned expansion of the Ultra Low Emission Zone (Ulez)- a charge for the most polluting vehicles - to outer London.

The winning Conservative candidate, Steve Tuckwell, said Sadiq Khan's "damaging and costly Ulez policy" had lost Labour the seat.

Sir Keir Starmer said Labour's Mayor of London needed to "reflect" on the policy, but stopped short of saying it should be scrapped.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak also attributed the Conservative win to voter anger over Ulez - and claimed the result showed the next general election was not a "done deal".

Mr Sunak said: "When people are confronted with a real choice, a choice on a matter of substance, they vote Conservative.

"That's what the general election is going to be about."

But overall, the trio of by-election results show what the opinion polls have suggested for months - Mr Sunak faces a deep challenge at that election, which is expected to take place next year.

Having three by-elections on the same night is unusual, especially for a prime minister less than a year into the job.

The last time Labour secured a by-election swing as large as it did in Selby and Ainsty was in the 1990s - which ended with the Conservatives suffering a landslide defeat.

Keir Mather, 25, is the first MP to be born after Labour's victory in 1997.

He will also become the youngest MP in the House of Commons after overturning a 20,000 Conservative majority.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. We've got to double down and stick to our plan - Sunak

Celebrating the victory in the rural North Yorkshire constituency on Friday, Sir Keir claimed it represented a "cry for change" from voters.

He said it was a "vindication" of the changes he had made to the party since taking over from Jeremy Corbyn as leader, showing Labour "can win anywhere, including places that were Tory strongholds".

"I know people have put their trust in us, and we will deliver on that trust," he added.

The Labour leader has ditched many of the policies promoted by Mr Corbyn, who has been suspended from the parliamentary party while other left-wing figures have been sidelined.

On Friday, the chair of Uxbridge's Labour party resigned with a parting shot at Sir Keir.

David Williams, who said his resignation was "nothing to do" with the by-election result, told the BBC he was unhappy with Sir Keir's leadership and the party's "move to the right."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The Lib Dem leader stages a cannon stunt to celebrate his party winning the Somerton and Frome by-election

It was a good night for the Liberal Democrats, who overturned a Tory majority of 19,000 in Somerton and Frome in Somerset.

The party leader Sir Ed Davey said it showed voters were uniting to defeat the Conservatives.

Sarah Dykes, a local business owner and sheep farmer, becomes the tenth female Lib Dem MP - meaning there are now twice as many females as males in the Commons cohort.

Speaking after her election, she promised to be an "active, hard-working champion".

British pop-rock band The 1975 has cancelled upcoming concerts in Indonesia and Taiwan after its gig in Malaysia was controversially cut short.

Lead singer Matty Healy attacked Malaysia's anti-LGBT laws on Friday and kissed bass player Ross MacDonald on stage - the band was swiftly banned from playing in the country.

Homosexuality is illegal in Malaysia and punishable by 20 years in prison.

It is shunned - but not illegal - in most of Muslim-majority Indonesia.

But it is banned in Indonesia's conservative Aceh province.

The band said it had cancelled its Indonesia and Taiwan gigs "due to current circumstances", without elaborating.

Taiwan is largely seen as welcoming to the LGBT community. It was the first place in Asia to legalise same-sex marriage.

In a statement shared by We The Fest, a music festival in Indonesia's capital Jakarta where The 1975 were scheduled to perform on Sunday, the band said current circumstances made it "impossible to proceed with the scheduled shows".

Some of Malaysia's LGBT community were frustrated by events on Friday and worried the spotlight on their community could lead to more stigma and discrimination.

On Friday, on stage in Kuala Lumpur, lead singer Healy said: "I don't see the [expletive] point, right, I do not see the point of inviting the 1975 to a country and then telling us who we can have sex with.

"Unfortunately you don't get a set of loads of uplifting songs because I'm [expletive] furious," the frontman continued.

"And that's not fair on you, because you're not representative of your government. Because you're young people, and I'm sure a lot of you are gay and progressive and cool."

Healy then kissed his bandmate MacDonald as the band played the song I Like America & America Likes Me.

Shortly after the kiss Healy and the band walked off stage, roughly 30 minutes into the set. The singer told the audience: "Alright, we just got banned from Kuala Lumpur, see you later."

On Saturday, the festival's organisers announced that the remaining line-up for the festival had been cancelled.

The decision was made after an "immediate cancellation directive" from Malaysia's Ministry of Communications and Digital as part of its "unwavering stance against any parties that challenge, ridicule or contravene Malaysian laws", a statement said.

Malaysian drag queen Carmen Rose said Healy's attack on anti-LGBT laws was "performative" and "unruly".

Speaking to the BBC World Service's Newshour, Rose said: "It is giving white saviour complex and he [Matty Healy] wasn't doing it for our community."

"If he was doing it for our community," she added, "he would know what consequences we would have to go through."

As state elections in Malaysia loom ahead, Rose said politicians would use the event as a "scapegoat".

"It gives them [conservative politicians] more ammo to further their homophobic agenda to gain votes," she added.

Asked about life in Malaysia as part of the LGBT community, Rose said "the government is not on our side" and she cannot pursue her profession as a drag artist freely in the country - travelling to Singapore for performances instead.

Rose said the LGBT community's mental health had been badly affected by constant scrutiny and criticism from the government and society.

"Matty has a long-time record of advocating for the LGBTQ+ community and the band wanted to stand up for their LGBTQ+ fans and community," a source close to The 1975 said Friday night.

Healy has previously used appearances on stage to highlight anti-LGBT laws.

Back in 2019, he invited a male fan on stage during a gig in Dubai. The incident attracted criticism in the country, where homosexuality is punishable by 10 years' imprisonment.

Posting on Twitter after the show, Healy said: "Thank you Dubai, you were so amazing. I don't think we'll be allowed back due to my 'behaviour' but know that I love you and I wouldn't have done anything differently given the chance again."

Voters are electing councillors and mayors across England

Voting for councillors and mayors is continuing across many parts of England, in the biggest round of local elections since 2019.

A total of 230 councils are holding elections, with voters choosing the councillors they want to run services in their local area.

Mayors are being elected in Bedford, Leicester, Mansfield and Middlesbrough.

Voting is taking place between 07:00 and 22:00 BST, with the results due on Friday.

For the first time in England, voters need to show photo ID in polling stations - passports, driving licences and some other forms of ID can be used.

Some voters have taken photos of their dogs outside polling stations, in what has become an election-day tradition in recent years.

The first results are expected just after midnight on Friday morning, with 65 councils counting votes overnight.

The rest will begin counting later on Friday morning, and results will continue to come in throughout the day, including for the four mayoral races.

The final result is expected to be announced around 20:00 BST on Friday, although this could be later depending on factors such as recounts.

Elections are not taking place in London, Scotland or Wales.

A modern browser with JavaScript and a stable internet connection is required to view this interactive. Opens in a new browser tab More information about these elections Who won in my area? Enter your postcode, or the name of your council area to find out To find your council candidates and polling station

Council elections in Northern Ireland have been moved back to Thursday 18 May because of the Coronation of King Charles III on Saturday.

Most of the councils up for election in England are district councils, responsible for services including bin collections, parks, public housing and planning applications.

Other services in these areas such as roads, schools, social and care services are managed by county councils which are elected at a different time.

The rest of the councils being elected on Thursday are a mixture of metropolitan and unitary ones - single local authorities that deal with all local services.

The elections mark the first time in England that voters are required to show ID to cast their ballot in person.

Passports, driving licences, and older or disabled people's bus passes are among the documents that will be accepted at polling stations.

Those without the right ID were encouraged to apply for a new free voter certificate, the deadline for which closed last week.

The BBC, like other broadcasters, is not allowed to report details of campaigning or election issues while polls are open.

On polling day, the BBC does not report on any of the election campaigns from 00:30 BST until polls close at 22:00 BST on TV, radio or bbc.co.uk.

The BBC, however, is still able to report on other political events and stories which are not directly related to the elections.

A selection of your pictures of Scotland sent in between 7 July and 14 July.

Send your photos to scotlandpictures@bbc.co.uk. Please ensure you adhere to the BBC's rules regarding photographs that can be found here.

Please also ensure you take your pictures safely and responsibly.

Conditions of use: If you submit an image, you do so in accordance with the BBC's terms and conditions.

Clearly beautiful: "With all the recent rain we have been getting, it made this Shasta daisy in my garden in Livingston go translucent," says Susan Ferguson. "Later in the day it went back to its usual white colour as it was a sunny day. Never seen this happen to daisies, only heard about this happening to skeleton flowers. My picture seems to be getting a lot of attention in the gardening groups I am in."

Go Forth and conquer: "The groyne dipping into the Forth looks like some forgotten sea monster," says Graham Paton of his sun-up shot.

Follow the leader? "The beautiful puffins on Isle of May," says Sandra Motion.

"Up with the lark to get this picture of the sun rising over Millport," says Iain Campbell.

Cub scout: Nick Kemp spotted one of this year's new young fox arrivals in Edinburgh. "It was at the time picking up bird seed beneath a feeder, and probably saw me hiding to get the picture! Shot with a long focus lens."

Two's a crowd: "I witnessed this osprey catch some food," says Marcus Tyler in Perthshire. "The majestic shot of the osprey leaving with its meal didn't go quite as I thought it would though."

Tay of sunshine: "A spectacular rainbow amidst torrential rain and spots of sun, seen from Dundee overlooking the Tay Road Bridge." says William Johnston.

A dolphin's tail: "The dolphins were fantastic at Chanonry Point, Fortrose," says Catriona Dalziel. "I love this picture catching four different poses in one image."

"His happy place": This is how Alison Challis describes her son Ruaridh's start to the summer holidays at the Silver Sands of Morar.

There's a storm brewing: An atmospheric Aberdeen harbour shot from Ruaraidh McMahon. "I was glad that rain was in the distance."

Hot wheels: "Captured this photo at Glamis Castle while the stunt team were ending with a bang," says Bob Smart. "A bang loud enough to make my daughter practically jump out of her skin!"

Making a splash: "It was delightful to see cygnets in Edinburgh," says Stephen Pusey. "I was able to snap these two as they enjoyed splashing around in the afternoon sunshine."

Batman and robin: Sometimes the captions just write themselves. "A bit of humour" at Townhill Loch in Dunfermline, says Jimmy Mason.

Large fish supper please: "We were on a whale cruise from Gairloch and captured this minke whale feeding just off the coast of Stornoway," says Martin Pirie.

A Fyne sight: "A bit of sunshine between the showers," says Rhona Larkin of this shot overlooking Loch Fyne.

Eyes right: Another puffin seen on a trip to the Isle of May, this time by Stevi Jackson.

Quite a feet: "Me and my mate Stuart Allen on the bench at Fort William after our 96-mile walk over five days for the charity Young Lives vs Cancer," says Stuart Meldrum, who is on the right.

"Two gannets, taken during a boat trip from North Berwick visiting Bass Rock," says Alistair McIntosh from Australia.

Bus photo bomb: "There I was, sitting patiently in a field, waiting for the right moment to take a picture of this hare," says Alex Mackintosh. "All was going well until a bus drove past!"

Wing collar shirt: "Taking a break," says Victor Tregubov of this friendly butterfly at Dawyck Botanic Garden.

Rock stars: "The European Land Art Festival and Stone Stacking Championships were held in Dunbar," says Janina Dolny. "Entrants were asked to create beautiful and unique art pieces such as this artistic arch using only the materials nature has provided."

Thistle do nicely: "A goldfinch enjoying thistle seeds near Skinflats in Falkirk," says Michael Daw.

"A cheeky deer in my Banchory garden," says Eddie Fowler.

Flower power: Karon Wylie captured this lovely image of a bee at Glen Feochan, Kilmore.

Doing the twist: Highland cattle and calves at a farm near Drongan, Ayrshire, from Mike Ogston.

"My three-year-old Labrador, Eva, enjoying the fantastic view of Neist Point and the lighthouse in the far west of the Isle of Skye," says Jon Perkins from Edinburgh.

Winging it: "A trip to the Trossachs osprey hide," says Michael Yuille. "No fish for the osprey, sadly."

A healthy crop of runners: "The M3 Monikie Triathlon Festival during one of the long sunny spells before the showers started," says Stuart Anderson.

"I spotted these red deer amongst the thistles at Glenshee," says Pam Sharp.

The fox(glove) and the hound: This bright woodland summer scene was captured by Gillian Thomson at Castle Fraser in Aberdeenshire.

Caught red-handed: "A squirrel feasting on nuts, taken in the Cairngorms," says Thomas Hill.

A bit of a mouthful: "I'd always promised my daughters to take them to the Isle of May to see the puffins and we eventually got around to it after about 10 years," says Brian Battensby. "These three, with beaks full of sand eels, appeared to be waiting patiently for us tourists to move so they could go home to feed their chicks."

Bright idea: "I caught this visitor patrolling the petunias in my window box in Glasgow," says Valery Tough.

On yer bike: "His feet don’t quite reach the pedals," says Walter Hoy of this squirrel. "Spotted this cheeky wee guy in my garden in Galston, Ayrshire."

Hi expectations: A seal of approval with what looked like a welcoming wave on the approach to Isle of May for Jacki Gordon.

Ship to shoe-re: This image of footwear on a wire was taken by Ian Pirrie at Largs.

"A photograph taken by my 16-year-old daughter, Hannah, at Sandend beach in Aberdeenshire during a lovely evening walk," says Sue Smith.

"A bold wee soul": Tom Kelly says he was sitting on the banks of the Water of Leith in Edinburgh, when this fox cub appeared just a few yards in front of him and stared right into his camera.

Fun on tap: "The school holidays have definitely started in our house with water balloons replacing dishes," notes Rose Brown.

"I took this from near the triangulation column on Conachair during a high level walk on Hirta, the main island of the St Kilda archipelago," says Graham Bullough. "It comprises a panoramic view of Village Bay, including the ruins from the last inhabitants plus the MoD base first established in 1957."

Sign of things to come: "My partner Ryan Salter proposed to me under the John O'Groats sign," says Louise Stephen. "We had the place to ourselves and I snapped this photograph after. I think the black and white captures the silence we experienced there. Beautiful." Our congratulations to you both.

"Scotland doesn't need a filter": That is how Marie McKnight described this shot from a campsite beside Loch Eil. "I glanced over and saw a wonderful glow."

Travelling light: "Came across this fellow during a dog walk," says Suzanne Lakie. "Just loved how the sun lit up his 'house'."

The night Skye: "Beautiful photo taken by my husband, Alex MacDonald, from our home in Kilvaxter, Isle of Skye," says Caroline Forsyth. "He snapped it on his phone quickly. Gorgeous though."

Light and shade: "That Callanish feeling," says John Dyer.

Silhou-pet: "Sunset at Camusdarach beach with my dog Penny reflected in a tidal pool," says Kathleen Murphy.

Well worth flagging up: Saltire "flying high" at Lochgilphead, says Bryan Wark of his shot.

"Loch Broom at sunset with trawler Lord Miles approaching Ullapool," says Andy Inglis.

Some down time: "We rushed out from where we were staying to capture and enjoy a beautiful sunset on our holiday in Girvan," says Colin Grady.

There's something in the Ayr: Andrew Carruthers says this beautiful sunset photo over Arran was taken during an evening stroll along Ayr beach.

Please ensure that the photograph you send is your own and if you are submitting photographs of children, we must have written permission from a parent or guardian of every child featured (a grandparent, auntie or friend will not suffice).

In contributing to BBC News you agree to grant us a royalty-free, non-exclusive licence to publish and otherwise use the material in any way, including in any media worldwide.

However, you will still own the copyright to everything you contribute to BBC News.

At no time should you endanger yourself or others, take any unnecessary risks or infringe the law.

You can find more information here.

All photos are subject to copyright.

Drake Bell, who starred in the hit show Drake & Josh on Nickelodeon, has been found after being considered "missing and endangered" by US police.

On social media local law enforcement confirmed it had been in contact with Mr Bell and that he was safe.

Authorities added that his last known location was "potentially" in the area of a Florida high school on 12 April.

In a comment on the initial post police went on to say: "For those asking, this is a legitimate post from the Daytona Beach Police Department."

Bell, 36, appeared in 56 episodes of Drake & Josh between 2004 and 2007.

In the Nickelodeon series, he and his co-star Josh Peck played two teenagers with opposite personalities who became step brothers. They also starred in two Drake & Josh films.

Police had said the actor "should be travelling in a 2022 grey BMW" and that he was last seen on Wednesday evening at around 21:00 local time (01:00 BST).

Bell, who started acting as a child star, and also appeared in The Amanda Show, went on to win nine Nickelodeon Kids' Choice awards. He also released two albums and his recent acting included voice work for children's animations.

However, in recent years he has faced scrutiny after high profile criminal cases.

In June 2021 he was charged with attempted child endangerment and disseminating matter harmful to children, and pleaded guilty.

The following month he was sentenced to two years' probation and 200 hours of community service in California for charges relating to a girl who met him online and accused him of sexual contact after she attended his concert when she was 15.

The Associated Press said that before sentencing, he said: "I accept this plea because my conduct was wrong. I'm sorry the victim was harmed. It was not my intention."

In January it was reported that Bell and his wife Janet Von Schmeling had separated and were "heading for divorce" after four years of marriage. The couple's son, named Jeremy Drake Bell, was born in in June 2021.

Ministers will be able to block the release of some prisoners and stop others getting married under new plans to overhaul the parole system.

The idea is among measures in its Victims and Prisoners Bill, which is aimed at giving greater rights to victims of crime in England and Wales.

Ministers promise to make it easier for crime victims to get justice.

But critics fear efforts to improve life for victims will be lost in a bill which also combines parole reform.

Some victims of crime, especially of rape and sexual assault, feel that the criminal justice system has let them down as investigations are slow, and information scarce. Many do not make it to court. Those that do face further delays.

Now the government is promising new legislation to allow victims to be kept informed, and also to challenge decisions.

Justice Secretary Dominic Raab said the plans will "make sure that victims are front and centre of the criminal justice system".

He told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "I want to make sure that the drift away from public protection [in the parole system] is curtailed."

The plan for a ministers' veto on some parole decisions follows the cases of double child-killer Colin Pitchfork, who was recalled to prison within months of being released, and black cab rapist John Worboys, which the government says have shaken public confidence in the system.

It will mean ministers can veto recommendations to release criminals including murderers, rapists and terrorists, the government said. Bids for freedom could be blocked on multiple occasions up until the end of a sentence.

Mr Raab previously told MPs that public protection would be the "exclusive focus" of the Parole Board decision-making process under the reforms.

The changes are in an effort to "stop a balancing exercise taking into account prisoners' rights", the Ministry of Justice said.

Mr Raab said: "Our reforms will improve the experience for victims from the first meeting with a police officer to the support they get in court, and we will refocus the parole system on its overriding duty to protect the public from violent and sexual criminals."

He acknowledged that the Parole Board did not like the changes, but he said he wanted to take the parole process in "a different direction" with the emphasis on public safety.

Those serving whole-life orders will be banned from marrying behind bars. These plans also follow an attempt by serial killer Levi Bellfield to marry in prison, and reportedly making a bid for legal aid to challenge the decision to block his marriage.

The 54-year-old is serving two whole-life orders for killing 13-year-old Milly Dowler, Marsha McDonnell and Amelie Delagrange, as well as the attempted murder of Kate Sheedy.

Labour said it had been eight years since the Conservatives first promised this bill, "and now they've had to combine it with parole reform".

"Yet again, the Tories overpromise and underdeliver," said Labour's shadow victims minister Anna McMorrin.

"Victims are now waiting years for a trial because of record court backlogs, with criminals getting off scot-free at a record rate. Rape victims are suffering on average for three years as they wait to hear their case in court."

Diana Fawcett, chief executive at Victim Support, said the charity welcomed many of the measures in the bill "which will make a real and meaningful difference to the experience of victims".

"But we are seriously worried that expanding its scope to include prisoners will be a distraction and delay it even further."

The End Violence Against Women Coalition said women and girls' confidence in justice agencies was at an all-time low because of their "persistent failures towards victims and survivors of rape, sexual violence and domestic abuse", and said it was concerned the bill "will not transform victims' experiences without significant changes".

It said there was a "glaring absence of funding" in the bill and said it was concerned it was "creeping away from its intended aim of improving victims' experiences".

Director Andrea Simon said: "Recovery is an essential part of justice, and we need to ensure every survivor who needs help can access specialist support that is tailored to their needs" - but added matters were a "long way from that being a reality".

A Parole Board spokesman said: "Public protection has always been, and will always be, at the heart of Parole Board decision-making, which is based on the evidence and the law.

"We are committed to working with the ministry and Parliament to ensure this important legislation receives the consideration that it richly deserves."

A South African woman has described working as a fruit picker on farms in the south of England as "slave labour".

"We weren't viewed as humans," Sybil Msezane told a House of Lords committee.

She said workers were addressed by numbers, rather than names, as if they were in prison, forced to work 18 hour days and live in overcrowded caravans.

If they complained to bosses they were threatened with deportation, the Lords horticultural committee was told.

The committee is investigating the treatment of migrant workers on British farms.

Andrey Okhrimenko, from Kazakhstan, speaking via video link, said: "If you don't work fast enough, if you don't comply with quality... they will say 'we will cancel your visa, we can send you back home to your country'.

"We had extremely bad living conditions, we had problems with working conditions. We were disrespected and manipulated."

Like Ms Msezane, he was recruited last year by an agent in his home country via an advertisement on social media, and had to pay for his own airfare and visa before being put to work on fruit farms in the south of England.

Ms Msezane, who is from Johannesburg, is now a care worker for an English local authority.

She told the BBC she was treated with respect in her new role, in sharp contrast to her experience last year as a seasonal agricultural worker, picking and packing strawberries for British supermarkets.

"I could not have thought that the conditions I found in 2022, in the United Kingdom, were what I found. It was beyond shocking.

"I'd spent close to, almost, £2,500 equivalent. There is no way I am going home at that point. I am here to make money. That's essentially it. So you get to work."

She had to pay rent to live in a caravan with six people of different nationalities, both men and women, who had a single shower and fridge between them.

"My country is going through a lot economically. People need work. So I would never say to people not to come on the seasonal worker visa," she told the BBC.

"Everyone who was on the scheme with me was able to support their families in different ways."

But she added: "You need to be aware that you are coming into a country where you don't have as many rights as a worker as you do in South Africa. So that can be challenging."

Vadim Sardov, from Kazakhstan, said conditions on his farm were so bad several people had decided to leave and work illegally instead.

Seasonal workers were not asking for "five star hotels", he told the committee, but "employers must provide proper living and working conditions".

Emiliano Mellino, a journalist for the Bureau of Investigative Journalism, who has written a series of articles on the treatment of migrant workers, told the Lords committee some workers had been subjected to bullying and abuse.

He said many take out loans to cover the costs of coming to the UK, and they also had to pay rent of up to £80 a week for their accommodation, which meant they were reluctant to speak out for fear of losing their job.

The government's official policy is to train British workers to fill the 50,000 seasonal jobs on British farms currently carried out by migrant workers.

Before the UK left EU, most of these casual workers came from Europe.

When the current seasonal workers visa scheme was launched in 2019, it had a quota of just 2,500 places a year, with most coming from Russia and Ukraine.

It was expanded to 38,000 visas in 2022, following pressure from the farming industry, who had been forced to leave crops unpicked.

The net was cast to a wider range of nationalities, including South Africa and central Asian countries like Kazakhstan.

The scheme is due to run until 2024, with debate raging in government over whether it should be expanded to keep food costs down and help tame inflation.

The government has authorised only a small number of recruitment companies, known as "scheme operators", to arrange seasonal worker visas.

Farmers must hire their overseas workers through those companies and must demonstrate that they are actively trying to recruit UK-based workers as well.

Scheme operators also have explicit duties to look after workers' welfare and make sure they are paid properly.

At an earlier committee hearing, in April this year, farmer Mike Newey said it was a "myth" that seasonal fruit picking was a low skilled, poorly paid job with bad accommodation.

"Our seasonal workers are paid a minimum of £10.42, the national living wage, and often earn £15 to £20 an hour when they are on piece-work rates. It is good pay. They have subsidised accommodation on the farm."

He added: "We should be proud of giving people from other countries a leg up. That is what we are doing."

Ali Capper, of the West Sussex Growers' Association, said: "To have staff, we need to accommodate them, and ensure their welfare and that they are very well looked after."

The French interior minister has asked regions to ban the sale of fireworks, petrol cans and flammable products

Come to Nanterre to get an all-round view of the crisis boiling over in France. But if you are a journalist, be advised to keep your head down.

An approach to a group of young men - some bearded, one built like a bodybuilder - outside the Le 35 café prompts an aggressive outburst of swearing and a pointed finger directing me to keep out.

At the scene where police shot dead a 17-year-old boy of Algerian descent last Tuesday, women in Islamic headscarves shout abuse at police and the media from passing cars.

Wandering through the streets incognito - without a camera or notebook - past burned-out cars and smashed premises it is possible to pick up glimpses of the last catastrophic few days.

Three middle-aged white ladies, Lucille, Marie and Jeanne, are chatting with a black male friend on a bench outside their block of flats. The area is pristine, surrounded by gardens - like many other apartment blocks in Nanterre.

They don't want to be photographed as they fear their children would be identified and targeted as a result, but they are happy to chat.

People living in Nanterre have endured several nights of violence, looting and rioting

"The last three nights have been appalling. Between midnight and 4am it is bedlam outside our windows. No-one can sleep. I feel like I'm living on another planet," says Lucille.

Do they perhaps not feel the anger from the rioters is understandable, when one of Nanterre's young residents, Nahel, has been shot dead at a police check?

"This rioting has nothing to do with what happened. Of course, the kid shouldn't have been killed. But what was he doing joyriding without a licence at eight o'clock in the morning, when children are going to school?"

Marie looks at a smashed bus-shelter daubed with graffiti that reads "one cop, one bullet".

"You see what it says there? That I am completely against. I don't think the police are racist. There are good and bad in every group of people," she says.

They have little time for the dead teenager's mother, Mounia, who took part in a mass march in memory of Nahel on Thursday.

"What was she doing up on that open-top van in the march? It was undignified. That wasn't a march of grief. She's playing politics." The others nod in agreement.

Public buildings like this tax office have been singled out for attack in Nanterre and across France

Not far away on the Avenue Georges Clemenceau, lined with plane trees, the préfet who heads the Hauts-de-Seine department has come to survey the wreckage that was the front of the local tax office. "Deplorable, lamentable," he says.

Firework rockets fired by rioters at the building have left gaping holes in upper-floor windows. At street level, every pane has been smashed with a heavy instrument. Charred tax forms are scattered outside the entrance.

Among the onlookers is tax inspector Cyril, who lives in Nanterre but also declines to be photographed.

"What I feel is just wretched sadness," he says. "This tax office serves the people of Nanterre. The money that comes from here is used to buy them services. What on earth is the point of attacking it? It's a totally disproportionate response."

Cyril, however, says he is broadly sympathetic with people who want to protest against Tuesday's killing.

"I'm not sure if racist police is correct. Let's just say they have an attitude. The kids around here have all had rough treatment, often because they were doing something stupid, sure.

"But look, this was a kid," says Cyril. "The officer was an adult. He had a gun. It was his job to be in control of the situation. And he wasn't."

The local Nike store in Nanterre was trashed as rioting escalated on Thursday night

There are far stronger views, of course, among locals who took part in the memorial march.

Like Bakari, who doesn't justify the riots but believes they are understandable: "Certain people react against violence with violence."

"I wasn't surprised by [Nahel's killing] because we have all had bad experiences with police. There are good and bad everywhere, but the large majority of police are racist."

Or Yasmina: "I absolutely hate the French police. I wish them the worst. The whole system is corrupted by a systemic, racist ideology.

"[Nahel] could have been my kid brother. It blows my mind to think that a kid like that can make some stupid mistake, like anyone could do. He didn't deserve to die."

The town of Nanterre is far from the hellhole of isolated social deprivation some would like to depict. It is spacious, clean and two stops on the commuter train from the Arc de Triomphe in the centre of Paris.

The towers of La Défense business district are a stone's throw away.

There is a theatre, a university, the national opera dance school, and a large park named after former President Charles de Gaulle's culture minister André Malraux. Unfortunately, yesterday the children's roundabout that has stood there for the last 50 years was burned down.

The over-riding impression one takes away of the town is of two universes colliding.

On one level, all the standard accoutrements of the generous French state are plain to see.

Tricolours fly; the préfet comes to survey his domain; Metro trains whizz underground and, in the looming towers of La Défense multinationals make their billions.

Paris-Match photographer Eric Hadj says social media has helped the rioters mobilise

But in the same geographic space, there is another way of being: one which appears utterly alienated from the system; which is quick to see and reflect hostility; which says "ici on est chez nous" - this patch is ours - and gives the finger to unwanted outsiders, like the press.

At a petrol station by the tax office, veteran Paris-Match photographer Eric Hadj is surveying his smashed-up car and preparing forms for the insurance claim.

"We were here on Thursday during the march. Some big guys came and told us to get out. They made it quite clear we risked something very nasty if we didn't. When we came back today, of course the car had been totally wrecked."

Hadj has been through a lot of riots in his time but says he has never seen anything like this.

"This is worse, far worse than 2005," he says.

Everyone here is looking back to the last sustained rioting that shook the French banlieues or suburbs for three weeks, wondering how long the latest unrest will last.

"Today there is social media, which gives the rioters a big advantage. But, above all, it is more violent. They have rockets. Whatever restraint there was has been removed," says the photographer.

Gérard Collomb, the former socialist mayor of Lyon and interior minister under President Macron, is well-known for his pithy sayings.

When he left office in 2018, he lamented the worrying tendency of French society to divide into communities - the very contradiction, he thought, of a single, unified Republic.

"Today we are living side by side," he said. "Tomorrow, I fear we will be face to face."

In Nanterre it is one face of France against another.

Turning to why the accuser decided to come forward when the allegations against Spacey first emerged years ago, Patrick Gibbs KC queries whether the news of the claims had any influence.

“Others had come forward,” the complainant told jurors. “I felt it was time to tell the truth. It was the right time, it had been long enough.

“I was thinking about it before. Strength in numbers.”

Gibbs asked if it had occurred to the witness he might be able to sue the Hollywood actor.

“No idea,” the complainant says. “Whatever it would be, it wouldn't be enough.”

Gibbs asks: “In 2022 you saw a bandwagon and decided to hop on board?"

Eleven teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of murder after the fatal stabbing of a 16-year-old boy at a party in Somerset.

Emergency services were called to an address on Eastfield Avenue, in Bath, just after 23:00 BST on Saturday.

Six boys and two girls, aged between 15 and 17, were initially arrested on board a bus half an hour after the stabbing was reported, police said.

Three more teenage boys were arrested on Sunday, detectives added.

Avon and Somerset Police said all teenagers - including the eight arrested on the bus travelling on Lansdown Lane at 23:30 - remain in police custody.

A 35-year-old woman was also stabbed but has been discharged from hospital, the force added.

Members of the public provided the boy with first aid before paramedics arrived but he died at the scene.

Emergency services were called to Eastfield Avenue on Saturday evening

In an updated statement on Sunday, Ch Insp Ronald Lungu, of the Bath Neighbourhood Team, said: "Understanding what happened last night and why is the utmost priority of officers working on this investigation, as they look to provide answers to the boy's family.

"Specialist liaison officers are now in place and have informed the boy's parents of this latest development. Our thoughts continue to be with them at this sad time."

He added: "Detectives continue to appeal for anyone who witnessed what happened, as well as anyone who has relevant phone, dashcam or CCTV footage, to contact them."

A post-mortem examination to determine the cause of the boy's death will take place in due course, police said.

The six boys and two girls being held are aged between 15 and 17

A large cordon was put in place on Eastfield Avenue throughout Sunday while police carried out their investigation.

"We've identified a number of witnesses and we'll be taking formal statements from them in due course," Ch Insp Lungu said earlier on Sunday.

"The community can expect to see a significant police presence in the area for the next few days, while officers and police staff carry out a number of actions including forensic examinations, a review of CCTV footage and house-to-house inquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the force.

Follow BBC West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: bristol@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Expect to hear politicians blame Jeffrey Donaldson's DUP for a missed opportunity on Mr Biden's visit

For a place roughly the size of Connecticut, Northern Ireland has received plenty of presidential attention.

Bill Clinton visited three times during his presidency, George W Bush twice, and Barack Obama once.

It had long been expected that Joe Biden - a president who speaks of his Irish roots more than most - would visit Northern Ireland to mark the 25th anniversary of the peace deal which largely ended the conflict known as the Troubles.

But the circumstances are less than ideal.

The power-sharing political institutions set up by the agreement have not been fully operating for more than a year.

The Democratic Unionist Party is vetoing the formation of a devolved government in protest against Brexit trading arrangements for Northern Ireland.

The DUP has said it will not allow a coalition to be formed until it is satisfied there are no economic barriers between Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK.

The White House has welcomed the deal between the UK and the EU, known as the Windsor Framework, which is designed to deal with unionists' concerns.

The British government is hoping Mr Biden's visit will promote the framework as the internationally recognised way forward.

Northern Ireland has been without a power-sharing government since February 2022

Other parties have suggested the presidential itinerary would have been more comprehensive if the Northern Ireland Assembly was up and running.

President Biden had been invited to address the assembly, at Stormont on the outskirts of Belfast.

But the invitation from the Assembly Speaker, Alex Maskey, was not accepted.

So you can expect the likes of Sinn Féin - the Irish nationalist party which is now the largest in the assembly - to blame the DUP for a "missed opportunity".

However, the DUP will point to the basis of the power-sharing settlement backed by the US - that both unionists and nationalists must have confidence in the governance arrangements for Northern Ireland in order for them to work.

Some DUP politicians have been strident in criticising President Biden for his backing of the Northern Ireland protocol - the previous deal between the UK and the EU after Brexit, which created a trade border in the Irish Sea.

Tony Blair (left) said Bill Clinton immediately understood the political situation in Northern Ireland

It is sometimes said that the United States is the "third guarantor" of the Good Friday Agreement - after Britain and Ireland, which are the two nations charged in international law with upholding the deal.

Ancestral links are the bedrock of the bonds between the US and the island of Ireland.

Over the years nationalists have been more enthusiastic about US input than unionists, who have been suspicious of influence being exerted in Washington by lobby groups and politicians who identify as Irish-American.

If previous US diplomatic tactics are anything to go by it is unlikely that President Biden's public remarks in Northern Ireland will be accusatory towards any one party or group.

Northern Ireland has been visited by three sitting US presidents since the Good Friday Agreement

He was on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in the 1990s when Bill Clinton - another Democrat - demonstrated his commitment to the peace process by becoming the first president to visit Northern Ireland while in office.

The British prime minister at the time, Tony Blair, spoke to me about Mr Clinton's approach in an interview for the BBC iPlayer film, 'Troubles and Peace'.

He said that when he called Mr Clinton, the then president "would immediately understand the politics of the situation - who to call, what to do, what to say, how to frame it".

"It meant you had the power of the United States behind you - not just in itself, but also operating with immense sophistication and subtlety," Mr Blair said.

Bríd Rodgers said the Good Friday Agreement would not have been achieved without former US President Bill Clinton

Bríd Rodgers was a negotiator for the Irish nationalist Social Democratic and Labour Party - whose leader, John Hume, prioritised building relations with the White House.

She said: "If it hadn't been for President Clinton in the last 24 hours before the Good Friday Agreement, I don't think we would have got it.

"He was in touch, he was phoning. He recognised unionists' difficulties, he recognised republicans' difficulties - he was able to assure them that he understood their challenges, but he was behind them."

A unionist negotiator, Lord Empey, was more circumspect about Mr Clinton's role during the final hours.

The Ulster Unionist Party peer said: "I don't think it made any difference to the minutiae or the outworkings of the agreement."

He thinks Mr Clinton's most significant contribution came over a longer period of time.

"President Clinton changed the atmosphere, so that America was no longer seen as totally supportive of Irish nationalism.

"No matter what his personal opinions may have been, he made an effort to treat us equally to others - we were no longer shut out."

Lord Empey said Mr Clinton "changed the atmosphere" by treating negotiators equally

Mr Clinton was the first president to appoint a US special envoy to Northern Ireland.

The political influence of some has been obvious - notably George Mitchell, the former Senate Majority leader who was appointed chair of the Good Friday Agreement talks by the British and Irish governments.

In more recent years, envoys have been seen as having significant roles in generating investment in Northern Ireland by US business.

The present holder of the post, Joe Kennedy III, has the official title of Special Envoy for Economic Affairs.

He will be staying on in Northern Ireland for an extended visit after Mr Biden leaves, to tour various locations in the Republic of Ireland.

It is on this leg of the trip that the president will meet his cousins the Finnegans in County Louth and the Blewitts in County Mayo.

These events may be more politically valuable to him in the US than his one engagement in Northern Ireland, given the power-sharing paralysis at Stormont.

A previous US Special Envoy, one-time Democratic presidential contender Senator Gary Hart, told me in 2013 that his country remained "disproportionately interested" in Northern Ireland.

While there is some disappointment that Mr Biden won't be staying in Northern Ireland for long, most politicians, business leaders and civic groups make the point that to have a presidential visit at all is a boon.

Declan Harvey and Tara Mills explore the text of the Good Friday Agreement, scrutinising the deal's wording and hearing from some of the people who helped get it across the line.

Click here to listen on BBC Sounds.

Reaper drones are full-size aircraft designed for reconnaissance and surveillance

A Russian fighter jet has collided with a US drone, causing the unmanned US aircraft to crash into the Black Sea, the American military says.

The incident highlights the increasing risk of direct confrontation between Russia and the US over the Ukraine war.

The US says the drone was on a routine mission in international airspace when two Russian jets tried to intercept it.

Russia said the drone crashed after a "sharp manoeuvre", and denied that the two aircraft made direct contact.

The Russian defence ministry also said the MQ-9 Reaper drone was flying with its transponders turned off. Transponders are communications devices that allow the aircraft to be tracked.

The incident happened at about 07:03 Central European Time (06:03 GMT) on Tuesday, according to the US military.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

"Our MQ-9 aircraft was conducting routine operations in international airspace when it was intercepted and hit by a Russian aircraft, resulting in a crash and complete loss of the MQ-9," the statement said.

Several times before the collision the Su-27 fighter jets dumped fuel on the drone in a "reckless, environmentally unsound and unprofessional manner", it said.

The US summoned the Russian ambassador in Washington, Anatoly Antonov, to protest against the move.

Following the meeting, Russian state media quoted Antonov as saying that Moscow saw the drone incident as "a provocation".

Tensions have risen over the Black Sea ever since Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014.

Since Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine the US and the UK have stepped up reconnaissance and surveillance flights, though always operating in international airspace.

The key question is whether Tuesday's encounter was an attempt by Russia to disrupt the US drone and its work, or whether it was a deliberate attempt to bring it down.

According to the US, there has been a "pattern of dangerous actions by Russian pilots" interacting with allied aircraft in the region.

So this could simply have been a mistake by a Russian pilot who got too close as they "buzzed" the drone. But if this was a deliberate attack on a US aircraft by a Russian warplane, then that would amount to a huge provocation and a substantial escalation.

In that case, the attack would be seen as an attempt by the Kremlin to test the response of the United States.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Western allies have worked hard to stop the war in Ukraine escalating into a direct confrontation with Russia. But this incident over the Black Sea is just that. The US will now have to evaluate its response.

As US military commanders warned in their statement, this was a dangerous act that "could lead to miscalculation and unintended escalation".

A gold-coloured Land Rover could be seen on school grounds surrounded by emergency responders

An eight-year-old girl has died after a car crashed into a primary school in Wimbledon, south-west London.

Paramedics treated 16 people for injuries after the Land Rover crashed into The Study Preparatory School in Camp Road at about 10:00 BST.

The driver, a woman in her 40s, has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving.

Police say they have now removed the Land Rover from the crash site as part of their investigation.

The school is for girls aged four to 11 and located near Wimbledon Common, with the local MP saying pupils had been gathered for an end-of-year celebration party in the garden.

A major incident was declared, but the Met said it was not being treated as terror-related.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Our thoughts are with girl's family - police

At a news conference Det Ch Sup Clair Kelland, local police commander for south-west London, became emotional, her voice breaking at times.

"This is a very difficult time for everyone here at the school and across the wider community," she said.

"We would ask people not to speculate while we work to understand the full circumstances of what has happened during this tragic incident.

"Our officers have already spoken to a number of witnesses and have viewed the CCTV."

John Tucker, chair of the board of governors, said "the school community is profoundly affected by this tragedy".

The stationary Land Rover could be seen on school grounds, surrounded by plastic sheets and cordons.

London Ambulance Service took 10 people to hospital, with St George's Hospital, in Tooting, "receiving a number of patients who are being cared for by our specialist clinical teams".

About 20 ambulances were parked on Camp Road, along with two fire and rescue vehicles.

Firefighters were seen carrying various cutting equipment away from the scene.

A number of onlookers were earlier stood at the edge of the cordon at the top of the road, including worried parents who were turning up all morning.

An air ambulance could be seen parked on a field opposite the school

Once at the scene, they were asked to register their names and details with a police officer.

Many of them were huddled in groups looking very concerned.

MP for Wimbledon Stephen Hammond told the BBC part of the school where the crash happened was where pupils aged between four and eight would have been.

"It's extremely distressing and extremely concerning," he said, speaking earlier before police had announced the girl's death.

"The size of the response tells you how serious the incident is and there are a number of casualties, and I understand that a number of those are being treated as critical," he said.

He described the location as "really quite remote", adding it was situated roughly a mile from Wimbledon village and on the way to several nearby golf clubs.

He later added pupils were gathered for the last day of term, saying: "I think it was a usual end-of-year celebration party. Just in the garden."

He also tweeted: "My thoughts and prayers go out to everyone at The Study."

The school's website has been replaced by a holding page with a statement reading: "We are profoundly shocked by the tragic accident this morning at Wilberforce House and devastated that it has claimed the life of one of our young pupils as well as injuring several others.

"Our thoughts are with the bereaved family and with the families of those injured at this terrible time."

It added: "It is still far too soon to fully understand what happened, but we are well aware of the significant impact this dreadful event will have on our pupils and their families.

"Their welfare remains our top priority and we will be doing everything we can to support them, especially those who suffered injuries."

The school, which costs £5,565 per term, is just a mile away from the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club as it hosts the world-famous tennis tournament.

Wimbledon and Putney Commons Conservators earlier advised the public to stay away from part of the commons to allow emergency crews to reach the site more easily.

The Met said several people were treated at the scene for injuries

A spokesman for Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said his "deepest condolences" were with the family of the girl who had died, and his thoughts were with all of those involved and injured.

Mr Sunak described the incident as "horrific", adding it would have been terrifying for children, staff and parents.

Mayor of London Sadiq Khan said: "The incident this morning at a primary school on Camp Road in Wimbledon is absolutely devastating. My heart goes out to everyone affected."

The vehicle was removed later in the day by a police lorry equipped with a small crane

Home Secretary Suella Braverman said she was "saddened to hear about the tragic incident at the school in Wimbledon this morning", adding in a tweet: "My thoughts are with everyone affected.

"I would like to thank emergency responders at the scene. It is important they are now able to carry out their investigation."

Shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper thanked the emergency services on site "for their swift response".

She said: "Thinking of all the families, pupils and staff affected by the terrible incident at a primary school in Wimbledon this morning."

Have you been affected by the incident in Wimbledon? If you'd like to get in touch, you can email haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

Angie White was strangled and her throat was slit

Alexa recordings were used to piece together how a domestic abuser murdered his wife.

Daniel White, 36, kicked open Angie White's locked bedroom door, strangled her and cut her throat.

He then fled the house in Swansea in his wife's car before phoning police to confess in October 2022.

White, from Idris Terrace, Plasmarl, was given a life sentence of at least 20 years and 10 months at Swansea Crown Court after admitting murder.

Officers went to their home where they found the front door unlocked and the body of Mrs White, 45, in her bedroom.

Swansea Crown Court heard labourer White had a long history of domestic violence, including against Mrs White.

At the time of the murder, he was on licence from prison after receiving a 10-year extended sentence for rape and assault.

Fearful of her husband, Mrs White had installed a mortice lock on her bedroom door, which White kicked in after an argument started on WhatsApp.

Neighbours heard banging, shouting and screaming at about 03:00 GMT on 22 October last year before hearing a car drive away.

Shortly before 06:00, White called police, telling a call handler: "I've strangled her and cut her throat. She's dead.

"We argued and she locked the door and said she wanted me out.

"All I wanted to do was take my stuff and leave. I just shut her up.

"I strangled her, I ran downstairs, and I cut her throat to make sure she was dead."

The court heard the couple had an Amazon Alexa, which can control household electrical items when activated by a voice prompt.

Detectives discovered voice commands made by White and his wife at the time of the murder had been saved.

Prosecutor William Hughes said: "Police have been able to discover that at 3.03am Angie in her bedroom said, 'Alexa, volume three'.

"At 3.16am Daniel White's voice can be heard saying, 'Alexa stop'.

"He then goes back downstairs into the living room and says, 'Turn on - Alexa' but what can also be heard is that he is out of breath and these appear to be the moments when, the Crown say, he has gone to get the knife.

"He then returns to the bedroom at 3.18am when he says 'Alexa, turn on the electric light', and at 3.19am he says, 'Alexa, turn off the TV'.

"So, the Crown's reasonable interpretation is after 3.03am and before 3.16am Daniel White had burst through the door and initially strangled Angie, then went downstairs to get the knife, and thereafter cut her throat."

The court heard the couple had begun arguing on WhatsApp. The last message they exchanged was at 03:11.

A pathologist found Mrs White died from knife wounds to her neck. But there was also evidence she had been strangled.

Mrs White's family said nothing would be able to bring her back

White previously admitted murder but refused to attend court for sentencing.

Defence barrister Peter Rouch said the marriage was effectively over and what happened was "a spontaneous act of violence".

He said: "I am not suggesting that is justification, but Your Honour has asked what led to it, and it would seem by putting the picture together as best one can, from the messages and the timings, that seems (to be) what has taken place."

"He does not have the courage to face the family and friends of the woman whose life he so brutally ended," he said.

"You have a disgraceful history of assaulting women who have had the great misfortune to be in a relationship with you."

He said: "When you entered the bedroom you strangled her, probably rendering her unconscious.

"When she was face to face with you, with your hands around her throat, she must have been absolutely terrified.

"After she probably lost consciousness, you didn't seek help for her, you went downstairs and got a knife.

"You took it into her bedroom in order to kill her, to finish her off."

The judge said he had a "cowardly desire to dominate her".

He added: "You did just that - you savagely slit her throat knowing that would kill her."

Speaking afterwards, Mrs White's family said: "Angie was a much-loved daughter, sister, mother, grandmother, and auntie.

"Nothing can bring our beloved Angie back. We shall miss that silly giggle for evermore.

"Daniel White admitted his guilt but continued to use his manipulative behaviour to delay the outcome.

"He deliberately absences himself in what we see as his continuing attempts to control this situation and his cowardliness in avoiding facing us and justice for what he did to Angie."

A Ministry of Justice spokesman said a review was underway.

"This was a horrific crime and our sympathies are with the family and friends of Angie White. As with all serious further offences a review is now underway and it would be inappropriate for us to comment further at this stage," he said.

"Serious further offences are rare but we are investing £155m more every year into the Probation Service to improve the supervision of offenders and recruit thousands more staff to keep the public safe."

Last updated on .From the section Tennis

Tennis great Boris Becker says he is building his life's "third chapter" following his release from prison.

The 55-year-old German served eight months of his two-and-a-half-year sentence for hiding £2.5m worth of assets and loans to avoid paying debts.

He was released in December and was subsequently deported from the UK.

"I'm usually good in the fifth set - I've won the first two sets, I've lost the next two and I'm planning to win that," he told 5 Live Breakfast.

In a lengthy interview, former world number one Becker said:
• None There was "no handbook" for dealing with fame and fortune after winning Wimbledon as a teenager
• None Prison was "brutal" and a "very different experience to what you see in the movies"
• None He's a "stronger, better man" after eight months in prison

The full interview will be played on Saturday's 5 Live Breakfast show.

'Whoever says prison life isn't hard is lying'

The six-time Grand Slam singles champion, who was catapulted to stardom in 1985 when he won Wimbledon aged just 17, was found guilty of four charges under the Insolvency Act in April last year.

The case centred on Becker's bankruptcy in June 2017 resulting from an unpaid loan of more than £3m on his luxury estate in Mallorca, Spain.

Speaking before the release of a new TV documentary about his life and career, 'Boom! Boom! The World vs Boris Becker', Becker said: "I don't think there was a handbook written for how to behave, what to do and how to live your life when you win Wimbledon at 17.

"The fame and fortune after was very new.

"Obviously I never studied business, I never studied finance and after my tennis career I made a couple of decisions probably badly advised but again it was my decision."

After sentencing, Becker spent the first weeks of his detention at Wandsworth Prison in south-west London, before spending the majority of his sentence at Huntercombe Prison in Oxfordshire.

"Whoever says that prison life isn't hard and isn't difficult I think is lying," the three-time Wimbledon champion said.

"I was surrounded by murderers, by drug dealers, by rapists, by people smugglers, by dangerous criminals.

"You fight every day for survival. Quickly you have to surround yourself with the tough boys, as I would call it, because you need protection."

Becker said being a legendary tennis player counted for nothing while he was in prison.

"If you think you're better than everybody else then you lose," he said.

"Inside it doesn't matter that I was a tennis player, the only currency we have inside is our character and our personality. That's it, you have nothing else.

"You don't have any friends at first, you're literally on your own and that's the hard part, you have to really dig inside yourself about your qualities and your strengths but also your weaknesses."

Following his release, Becker was deported to Germany and will not be allowed to return to UK soil until October 2024.

"I miss London, I really miss Wimbledon and I won't be going there this year," he said

"I'm fortunate that I can stand on my feet, none of my partners have dropped me, they've welcomed me back home.

"When you're down, and the last five, six years were very difficult for me, you truly find out who's with you and who's not with you."

Speaking about how he has been received by people since his release, he said: "Nobody's perfect including myself and I've accepted all of that.

"I've been out now for three and a half months and I'm very humbled again by the reception I've received from fans, from people on the street from people who have followed the story a little bit."

The former BBC pundit says he has been in dialogue with the BBC about being part of its Wimbledon coverage in the future.

"I've told them I can't come back next year," Becker said.

"If I'm allowed to go back I will make a phone call and ask if they want me back on the team, I would certainly love to but it's not my decision."

Becker believes he has learned valuable lessons from his time in prison.

"I never thought at 17 I'd be incarcerated at 54," he said.

"If anything it certainly humbled me, it certainly made me realise that whether you're called Boris Becker or Paul Smith, if you break the law, you get convicted and you get incarcerated, that goes for everybody.

"I never expected the good and I certainly didn't expect the bad but I'm a survivor, I'm a tough cookie, I've taken the penalties, I've taken the incarceration but I've also taken the glory and if anything this made me a stronger, better man.

"With my decisions in the future you can see whether I have learned from it or I didn't."

A poster on a bus shelter in Moscow encourages young men to join up for a "real cause"

Russia is raising the maximum age at which men can be conscripted from 27 to 30, making more of them liable to serve in the armed forces.

The change was passed by the lower house of parliament on Tuesday.

The package of measures comes as Moscow seeks to boost troop numbers to defend territory gained in its invasion of Ukraine last year.

A senior Russian MP said the new law was written with a major conflict in mind.

"It already smells like a big war," Andrei Kartapolov, head of the Russian parliament's defence committee, told MPs.

He argued that too many people were currently able to avoid military service.

All men of conscription age are expected to serve a year of compulsory military service.

Russia is thought to have sustained heavy casualties in nearly a year-and-a-half of fighting, but the Defence Ministry is reluctant to release figures.

Last autumn, the government announced a mobilisation of 300,000 reservists, but as a result, tens of thousands of men left Russia.

In a separate measure last week, the maximum age at which reservists can be called up was raised, meaning some men will now be considered available for military service until they are 55.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The State Duma passed the conscription bill in its second and third readings. It still needs to approved by the upper house and by President Vladimir Putin, but this is seen as a formality.

Once signed, it is due to come into force on 1 January next year.

The latest measures go further than the Defence Ministry's original proposal, which sought to change the conscription age range from 18-27 to 21-30. The lower age limit will continue to be 18.

"The wording of the draft law changed because the demographic situation is serious and affects the volume of the mobilisation resource," Mr Kartapolov told Russian media.

He added that "many lads want to go and serve at 18".

The draft law also bans men from leaving the country from the day of their call-up. Since April, conscription papers can be issued online instead of in person.

In addition, men who fail to report for conscription will be liable for fines of up to 30,000 roubles ($332), a tenfold increase.

There is no longer any hope of locating survivors from a military helicopter crash, Australia's defence minister says.

A significant amount of wreckage was recovered, pointing to a "catastrophic incident", Richard Marles told reporters on Monday.

The crash happened during a multinational military exercise off Lindeman Island on Friday night.

Australia's army chief had grounded a fleet of military helicopters after the crash, which left four crew members missing, and now feared dead.

Lt Gen Simon Stuart said none of the army's 45 MRH-90 Taipan helicopters - the craft involved in the accident - would be flown again until they were found to be safe.

Australia has previously grounded its Taipans for safety reasons.

"We are not flying the MRH-90 today and won't until we think it is safe to do so," Gen Stuart told reporters in Sydney on Sunday.

Friday's crash happened at about 22:30 local time (12:30 GMT) over the Whitsundays, a group of islands off the coast of Queensland.

The missing soldiers onboard the aircraft were identified by the army as Capt Danniel Lyon, Lt Maxwell Nugent, Warrant Officer Class Two Joseph Laycock and Cpl Alexander Naggs.

All of them belonged to the Sixth Aviation Regiment, based in Sydney.

The helicopter went down during drills as part of Exercise Talisman Sabre, the massive training exercise which gathers 30,000 military personnel from Australia, the United States, and several other nations.

Canberra had announced before the crash that it would be replacing its European-made Taipan helicopters with US-made Black Hawks.

Officials had complained about having to repeatedly ground the fleet for maintenance and safety issues.

As recently as March, the fleet was pulled from the skies after an engine failure in one of the helicopters during a training exercise, forcing the crew to ditch into the sea off the coast of New South Wales.

There were no casualties in the March training exercise. The other MRH-90s were returned to operations on 6 April with "risk mitigations".

Gen Stuart said the current aim was to keep the Taipans in service until 2024 but "what happens between now and then, from what we learn from this incident, is yet to be determined".

Australian Prime Minister Anthony Albanese described the recent crash as a stark reminder "that there are no safe or easy days for those who serve in our country's name".

US Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin, speaking in the northern city of Townsville, said the US would provide any assistance it could.

Patients are being urged to shop around on the NHS app and website to cut their waiting time for treatment in England.

IT systems have been updated to allow patients to more easily exercise their right to choose where they go for planned care, such as knee operations.

They will now be able to view up to five providers - filtered by distance, waiting times and quality of care.

But hospitals warned staffing shortages still needed to be tackled to make the biggest impact on waits.

The idea of choosing where to go for treatment has been in place since the early 2000s, but few use it.

Currently only one in 10 exercises their right to choose, with patients reporting they are not always offered a choice of where to go or that it is hard to select different venues.

Ministers believe that by searching the list of different hospitals, patients will be able to reduce their waits - potentially by up to three months, research suggests.

A letter has also been sent to local NHS managers reminding them of the need to offer patients a choice.

More than 7.3 million people are on the waiting list at the moment - nearly three million more than before the pandemic.

One in 20 has been waiting more than a year - although the NHS has got close to eliminating waits of more than 18 months.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said: "Empowering patients to choose where they receive treatment will help cut waiting lists - one of my five key priorities."

Offering patients greater choice was one of Labour's flagship health policies, which were announced on Monday.

Rachel Power, of the Patients Association, said the move will "make it easier" for patients to use their long-established right to choose.

But making progress will also be dependent on the NHS seeing more patients.

While progress has been made on the very longest waits, the number of operations being done is still below pre-pandemic levels. This is because hospitals have struggled to get back to full capacity, mainly because of staffing shortages, more emergency patients and problems discharging patients because of the lack of care in the community.

Labour has also criticised the government for not making more use of the private sector, pointing out there has been capacity for another 300,000 patients to have been seen privately over the last 15 months than has happened.

Private hospitals are paid at NHS prices to see patients, under agreements in place with the health service.

Miriam Deakin, of NHS Providers, which represents hospitals, said while the initiative was welcome, improving access to patient choice was "not a panacea".

She said until the staffing shortages were resolved it would be more difficult to make progress.

One in 10 posts is currently vacant in the NHS.

Joseph James O'Connor was arrested in Spain in 2021

A British national extradited to the US last month has pleaded guilty in New York to a role in one of the biggest hacks in social media history.

The July 2020 Twitter hack affected over 130 accounts including those of Barack Obama and Joe Biden.

Joseph James O'Connor, 23, known as PlugwalkJoe, pleaded guilty to hacking charges carrying a total maximum sentence of over 70 years in prison.

The hacking was part of a large-scale Bitcoin scam.

O'Connor, who was extradited from Spain, hijacked numerous Twitter accounts and sent out tweets asking followers to send Bitcoin to an account, promising to double their money.

O'Connor, from Liverpool, was charged alongside three other men over the scam.

US teenager Graham Ivan Clark pleaded guilty in 2021. Nima Fazeli of Orlando, Florida, and Mason Sheppard, of Bognor Regis in the UK, were charged with federal crimes.

US Assistant Attorney-General Kenneth Polite Jr described in a statement O'Connor's actions as "flagrant and malicious", saying he had "harassed, threatened and extorted his victims, causing substantial emotional harm".

Celebrities including US boxer Floyd Mayweather and the singer Wiz Khalifa also lost control of their accounts

"Like many criminal actors, O'Connor tried to stay anonymous by using a computer to hide behind stealth accounts and aliases from outside the United States.

"But this plea shows that our investigators and prosecutors will identify, locate, and bring to justice such criminals to ensure they face the consequences for their crimes."

In 2020, an estimated 350 million Twitter users saw suspicious tweets from official accounts of the platform's biggest users. Thousands fell for a scam, trusting that a crypto giveaway was real.

Cyber experts agreed that the consequences of the Twitter hack could have been far worse if O'Connor and other hackers had more sophisticated plans than a get-rich-quick scheme.

Disinformation could have been spread to affect political discourse and markets could have been moved by well-worded fake business announcements, for example.

The hack showed how fragile Twitter's security was at the time. The attackers telephoned a small number of Twitter employees with a believable tale to convince them to hand over their internal login details - which eventually granted the hackers access to Twitter's powerful administrative tools.

Essentially, the hackers managed to use social engineering tricks more akin to those of conmen than of high-level cyber-criminals to get access to the powerful internal control panel at the site.

Mike Bloomberg and Kanye West were among those hacked

It was, and still is, a hugely embarrassing moment in Twitter's troubled history.

O'Connor's admission has not come as a shock though as there was a wealth of evidence in the public domain thanks to the hackers making some bad mistakes or being too loud in their celebrations in the aftermath of the hack.

O'Connor also pleaded guilty to other hacking crimes including gaining access to a high-profile TikTok account.

He posted a video to that account where his own voice is recognisable and threatened to release "sensitive, personal material" related to the owner of the account to people who joined a Discord group.

The US justice department said he had also used technology to stalk a minor.

The Russian defence ministry released photos of what it said were abandoned or damaged Western military vehicles, including US-made Humvees

The US has distanced itself from an incursion into Russia - which Moscow says ended in the defeat of armed insurgents who entered from Ukraine.

Parts of the border region of Belgorod came under attack on Monday, in one of the largest cross-border raids since Russia invaded its neighbour last year.

Russia later released pictures of abandoned or damaged Western military vehicles, including US-made Humvees.

The US insisted it did not "encourage or enable strikes inside of Russia".

A state department spokesman acknowledged reports "circulating on social media and elsewhere" that US-supplied weapons had been used, but said his country was "sceptical at this time of the veracity of these reports".

In a news briefing on Tuesday, Matthew Miller added: "It is up to Ukraine to decide how to conduct this war."

Some Ukrainian military experts and bloggers have suggested that the images of destroyed US vehicles released by Russia could have been staged.

Villages in Belgorod near the border were evacuated after coming under fire. Russia says 70 attackers were killed, and has insisted the fighters were Ukrainian.

But Kyiv denies involvement - and two Russian paramilitary groups opposed to Russian President Vladimir Putin say they were behind the incursion.

Monday's raid led Moscow to declare a counter-terrorism operation, giving the authorities special powers to clamp down on communications and people's movements.

The measures were only lifted the following afternoon, and even then, one of the paramilitary groups was claiming it still controlled a small piece of Russian territory.

Regional governor Vyacheslav Gladkov said one civilian had died while being evacuated, and several others were injured during the violence.

In a later development, he said the region had been subject to a "large" number of drone attacks overnight on Tuesday. He said the attacks damaged private vehicles, houses and offices, but there were no victims.

Mr Gladkov also said a gas pipeline was damaged in the Graivoron district by the drone barrage, which led to a small fire on Wednesday morning.

The claims by the warring sides have not been independently verified - although the BBC was able to establish that a building used by Russia's main security agency, the FSB, was among those hit during the violence. It is not clear what caused the damage.

Another Russian photo showed a wrecked vehicle with the words "for Bakhmut" written in Russian on the side

Commenting on the hostilities in Belgorod, Russia's defence ministry said a "unit of a Ukrainian nationalist formation" had invaded its territory to carry out attacks.

One of its photos showed a wrecked vehicle with the words "for Bakhmut" written on it, a reference to the Ukrainian city which Russia says it has recently captured - a claim disputed by Kyiv.

As well as killing dozens of what it described as "Ukrainian terrorists" in artillery and air strikes, the ministry claimed to have driven the rest of the fighters back to the Ukrainian border.

But Ukrainian officials said the attackers were Russians, from groups known as the Liberty of Russia Legion and the Russian Volunteer Corps (RVC).

Social media posts from the two paramilitary groups appeared to confirm their involvement. Both groups also told Ukraine's public broadcaster Suspilne that they were creating "a demilitarised zone on the border with the Russian Federation from which they will not be able to shell Ukraine".

Any assaults on Russian soil make leaders in the Nato military alliance of Western countries nervous - meaning that the developments could prove a mixed blessing for Kyiv.

The cross-border incursion may be embarrassing for Moscow, and go some way to offset the bad optics for Ukraine of reportedly losing control of Bakhmut after months of intense and bloody fighting.

It is also likely to be part of Ukraine's shaping operations ahead of its coming counter-offensive, aiming to draw Russian troops away from the south where Kyiv is expected to attack.

But it is not a development that is likely to be welcomed by the West.

The long-range weapons these countries have provided to Kyiv - although not used in this attack - still come with the proviso they are not to be used to hit targets inside Russia.

Despite official denials from Kyiv, it is hard to believe this raid was launched without assistance from Ukrainian military intelligence.

It plays into the Kremlin narrative that Russia's own sovereign security is under attack from malign forces backed by the West.

It is a narrative likely to be fuelled by reports that some of those who took part are linked to far-right extremism, reinforcing Moscow's claim that it is trying to rid Ukraine of neo-Nazis.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Liam Kavanagh gained millions of pounds of investment in his solar farms

A businessman cheated a council out of tens of millions of pounds and went on a spending spree with the cash, an investigation has discovered.

Leaked documents reveal how Liam Kavanagh used Thurrock Council's money to buy luxury goods, including a yacht and a private jet.

The council has been made effectively bankrupt after investing £655m in Mr Kavanagh's solar farm business.

Mr Kavanagh's lawyers say all the payments were permissible.

They say they were approved by his company's finance team and auditor.

Thurrock is one of a number of councils that have got into financial difficulties since the coalition government gave local authorities more freedom to raise funds and invest in 2011.

Woking, Slough and Croydon have all been forced to stop all non-essential spending after losing public money on risky investments.

The Audit Commission - a spending watchdog that stopped councils taking too many risks - was abolished in 2015.

Conservative-led Thurrock Council started investing cash with Mr Kavanagh's business Rockfire the following year.

The idea was that the council would get regular interest payments from the profits and its cash would be safe because it was secured against the value of the solar farms.

But the interest payments stopped after Mr Kavanagh wound up his companies and the estimated value of the solar farms is less than the council thought.

Administrators are now selling the solar farms and Thurrock is facing a £200m shortfall on its investment.

The council has been forced to cut services and put up council tax.

Vickki Jarmyn has run a dance group for people with learning difficulties in the area for the past 14 years. But her £7,000 grant has been cut and the group is under threat.

"It's just an ongoing battle," she said. "How can you just take something from people that thrive in that situation, that are safe and comfortable? How can you just do that?"

The investigation - by BBC Panorama and The Bureau of Investigative Journalism - has revealed how the value of Liam Kavanagh's solar farms was inflated to persuade the council to invest more cash.

Rockfire had one of its solar farm portfolios revalued in 2018. The company gave valuers a power price of £61.45 per megawatt hour (MWh), but the average power price for the portfolio at the time was £46.92/MWh.

In 2020, Mr Kavanagh was told by staff that the average power price was predicted to be £41.70/MWh. But he insisted the valuers should be given an inflated price of £62/MWh, which they seemed to accept.

Gavin Cunningham, a former investigator with the Serious Fraud Office, told Panorama that supplying inaccurate energy prices was potentially fraudulent.

Mr Cunningham said: "The effect of that will be that you end up with a far greater valuation of the overall portfolio of solar farms than is actually the case. And anyone relying on that information is going to be misled by it."

Mr Kavanagh owned multiple solar farms, including this one in Wiltshire

By 2018, Thurrock had already invested more than half a billion pounds in Mr Kavanagh's business.

The inflated valuations convinced the council to invest a further £130m - but the money never reached the solar farms.

Leaked documents from Rockfire reveal how Mr Kavanagh spent council money on himself instead.

A ledger of payments shows £12m went to a company that bought Liam Kavanagh's private jet.

There are also payments totalling £2m for his Bugatti Chiron car and £16m for his yacht Heureka.

A further £40m disappears into a bank account labelled "other".

An email Mr Kavanagh sent in 2020 suggests he always planned to spend council cash on himself. It says: "These funds… will be used to create a new family investment office and to create wealth for years to come. This has always been my plan."

Mr Kavanagh is no longer living in the UK.

The Millionaire who Cheated a Council is on BBC iPlayer now and will be on BBC One at 20:00 BST (22:40 BST in Wales)

His lawyers said the transactions were all legal and that he was entitled to spend the council money on whatever he wanted.

They said there were no restrictions on how the investments were to be used, the solar assets were not overvalued and the power prices submitted were honest predictions.

Mr Kavanagh said Thurrock had approached him about the investments and they had produced significant income for the council over a number of years.

He said: "I have never misled Thurrock Council during the course of those investments. It was always my understanding that Thurrock Council conducted its own independent due diligence into investments."

Last month, a report by Essex County Council criticised Thurrock for its risky investment decisions and failure to make proper checks. The report also highlighted the role played by the council's then chief financial officer, Sean Clark, in its disastrous investment strategy.

As well as the Rockfire investments, Mr Clark also invested council cash in other companies that went bust. Mr Clark did not respond to Panorama.

The new council leader, Andrew Jeffries, apologised for the "the shocking and unacceptable failures" of the past.

He said the council was taking all appropriate action to recover the council's financial position and to protect vulnerable residents and essential services.

The Government says it has offered Thurrock financial help. It has also established the Office for Local Government to improve accountability, help detect emerging risks of failure and support local authorities.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

An antique revolver alleged to have been used to kill a Metropolitan Police sergeant has been shown to a jury.

Louis De Zoysa, 25, denies murdering Matiu Ratana, 54, with a gun concealed in an underarm holster at Croydon Custody Centre in September 2020.

Ballistics expert Anthony Miller told jurors the gun did not go off by accident when Sgt Ratana was shot.

Jury members were allowed to hold the gun, loaded with dummy bullets, and fire it at the court ceiling.

The prosecution alleges Sgt Ratana, who was also known as Matthew and was the on-duty custody sergeant, was killed when Mr De Zoysa "pulled the trigger on purpose four times", while he was handcuffed in a holding cell.

The first and second shots hit Sgt Ratana, the third hit the wall during a struggle with officers and a fourth hit Mr De Zoysa in the neck, causing brain damage, the court has heard.

The prosecution alleges Sgt Matiu Ratana was shot twice by the antique revolver

He is being assisted by an intermediary during his trial as a result of his injuries and uses a whiteboard because of communication difficulties, jurors have heard.

Speaking in short and simple sentences so Mr De Zoysa could follow proceedings, Mr Miller told Northampton Crown Court about "rigorous testing" he had carried out on the revolver: "I dropped it on the ground, I struck it with a cloth-faced hammer and I generally treated it roughly."

Asked by prosecutor Duncan Penny KC if the gun had gone off "by accident" during this rigorous testing, Mr Miller said it had not.

Mr Miller explained the gun was completely safe to be used in the court room and had been loaded with dummy bullets, although it was aimed at the ceiling while being fired as an extra precaution.

He told the court he had examined both the revolver as well as the ammunition that was recovered after the incident.

Mr De Zoysa bought the antique revolver in an online auction in June 2020, the court heard

Imran Khan KC, defending Mr De Zoysa, told the jury on Wednesday the defendant had been suffering an autistic meltdown at the time of the shooting and "did not mean to or want to kill Sergeant Ratana, or to cause him really serious harm".

The court has previously been told Mr De Zoysa has an autistic spectrum condition.

Mr De Zoysa, of Banstead, Surrey, has pleaded not guilty to murder.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Last updated on .From the section Boxing

Leigh Wood was the only fighter who could win the vacant belt after Mauricio Lara failed to make weight Leigh Wood gained revenge on Mauricio Lara by unanimous points decision as he regained the WBA featherweight title with an impressive display. Lara, 25, stopped the 34-year-old Englishman in February but vacated the belt on Friday after failing to make weight for this rematch in Manchester. The Mexican's sluggish movement was in contrast to the clever, dominant performance of Wood. Wood knocked down Lara in round two and never looked in trouble thereafter. The judges scored it 118-109, 116-111 and 118-109 in his favour. "I should've done that first time around," Wood told BBC Radio 5 Live. "He's tricky - if you switch off he will put your lights out. I was so focused, so driven, I was never going to fail no matter what." Wood was the only fighter at AO Arena who could leave with the belt - had the Mexican won, the title would have been left vacant. However, Wood never looked likely to give up the opportunity to reclaim the belt he first won in July 2021 as he made amends for the previous defeat to Lara, when he looked on top before being stopped in the seventh round. Wood had clearly learned his lessons, putting on a much more defensively secure and technically assured performance. Lara, meanwhile, looked to run out of ideas early on and despite a 4lbs weight advantage and facing an opponent who had gone through a weigh cut, he rarely troubled his opponent. The tempo was set in round two, when a right uppercut instantly followed by a short left saw Wood knock his opponent to the canvas. Lara got up quickly, but was now on the back foot and never recovered his composure as a partisan crowd roared on Nottingham-born Wood. Wood continued to attack with big punches right and left, and not even a cut suffered near his left eye in round four could stop his flow. That cut did become more of an issue and had to be tended to by his corner, however it was ruled to have been caused by an accidental clash of heads, so the fight would have been decided by scorecard if it resulted in a stoppage - and Wood always looked ahead. The final six rounds saw Wood keep Lara at arm's length, with stabs to the body causing the Mexican particular issues. Wood wants to fight at Nottingham Forest's City Ground before he retires At the final bell, Wood immediately raced to salute the crowd, before calling for a homecoming fight at Nottingham Forest's football stadium. "It's amazing. There's only one thing that can top it and that's fighting at home at the City Ground," he told DAZN. "It will be the next one or the one after." Into his mid-30s, Wood admitted he only has a limited number of top level bouts remaining - and wants to hit all his dream targets before he is done. He called out Luis Alberto Lopez for a unification bout, after the Mexican stopped Michael Conlan in his own back yard of Belfast earlier on Saturday night in their IBF featherweight encounter. Wood also said he would be keen to face Josh Warrington - however, fighting at Forest's ground is the big one."I probably have two fights left, City Ground one, unification another. I want my happy ending," he said.
• None What's the story of the 'Indian Titanic'? Hear it from the last two known survivors of the SS Tilawa
• None How to crack those sugar cravings...: Michael Mosley investigates a healthy switch that could boost your mood and memory too

William Wragg: "They had compromising things on me. They wouldn't leave me alone."

Senior Tory William Wragg has told the Times he gave personal phone numbers of fellow MPs to a man he met on a dating app because he was "scared".

He told the paper the individual had "compromising things on me" and apologised to those affected.

It follows reports at least 12 men in political circles received unsolicited WhatsApp messages.

Some had been sent naked images and two MPs are reported to have responded by sending images of themselves.

The men are reported to include a government minister, advisers and political journalists based at Westminster.

One former MP has told the BBC he was targeted by someone calling themselves "Charlie", who claimed - wrongly - that he had previously worked for Mr Wragg.

BBC News has also seen messages sent from the same number to a political journalist.

The BBC has attempted to contact Mr Wragg for comment.

The incident has raised concerns about MPs' security and the dangers of so-called "spearphishing" attacks, which use emails or messages to obtain an individual's sensitive information.

Leicestershire Police say they were investigating one of the cases, after it was reported to them last month.

The Conservatives' whips office - which upholds party discipline - said it could not comment while there was an ongoing police investigation.

Mr Wragg, the vice-chairman of the 1922 committee of backbench Tory MPs, said he had sent intimate pictures of himself to a man he met on gay dating app Grindr.

"They had compromising things on me. They wouldn't leave me alone.

"They would ask for people. I gave them some numbers, not all of them. I told him to stop. He's manipulated me and now I've hurt other people.

"I got chatting to a guy on an app and we exchanged pictures. We were meant to meet up for drinks, but then didn't. Then he started asking for numbers of people. I was worried because he had stuff on me. He gave me a WhatsApp number, which doesn't work now.

"I've hurt people by being weak. I was scared. I'm mortified. I'm so sorry that my weakness has caused other people hurt."

Mr Wragg became an MP for the Greater Manchester constituency of Hazel Grove in 2015.

In 2022, he announced he would not be running in the next election.

Speaking after his interview with The Times, a former MP who had been targeted by messages from "Charlie" said Mr Wragg's involvement had come as a shock.

"M first reaction is that I feel awful for him. He's a friend, my heart goes out to him and I certainly don't hold any ill-will towards him. I want him to know that."

On Thursday, the former MP, who is gay, told the BBC he was first contacted via WhatsApp on the evening of 11 March.

The message was from a number he did not recognise from someone calling themselves Charlie who claimed to remember them from their time working in Parliament.

"The last part of that message was 'Westminster misses you…' and that was basically something that friends usually do say anyway to make me feel better," he told BBC News.

"I was starting to feel bad actually. I was embarrassed thinking I'm speaking to someone who knows who I am and I'm trying desperately not to come across as rude."

The next message said: "I've just become single so I'm hanging out with the Westminster gays."

The former MP explained he was in a relationship but further flirtatious messages followed.

After "Charlie" sent an explicit image, the former MP blocked him.

But it was only after he read a story on the news website Politico that he realised he had been the subject of what appears to be a coordinated scam.

"My heart did start racing because I thought everything you're saying from the start, from the name of the individual, the familiarity, this is too close to be just a coincidence," the former MP told the BBC.

BBC News has seen messages sent from the same number also from someone calling themselves "Charlie" to a political journalist.

These messages also talk about the recipient being "missed" around Westminster and asking whether the journalist is still single or not.

Conservative MP Bob Seely said he had "great sympathy" for Mr Wragg.

He told BBC Newsnight that the incident is "not the first", adding: "I'm afraid this is part of a modern political life, whether it's honeytraps, cyber-attacks or phishing of some kind or other."

A Parliamentary spokesperson said: "Parliament takes security extremely seriously and works closely with government in response to such incidents.

"We provide members and staff with tailored advice, making them aware of security risks and how to manage their digital safety. We are encouraging anyone affected who has concerns to contact the Parliamentary Security Department."

The misspelled graffiti sprayed on Takura Makoni's house is being treated as hate motivated criminal damage

A Finaghy man has said he will not be deterred from speaking out after his home was sprayed with 'hate-motivated' graffiti.

Takura Makoni's house was targeted during the early hours of Sunday.

In March, Mr Makoni spoke out against anti-immigration signs which were put up in and around the Finaghy area of south Belfast.

The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) have confirmed they are treating the latest incident as a hate crime.

Mr Makoni told BBC News NI he believes his home has been targeted for speaking out.

"This is the action of one person who can identify me. When you speak out, people target you," he said.

Mr Makoni, who is a community worker with the African and Caribbean Support Organisation in Northern Ireland, said he hopes to use what has happened to "create a dialogue to move towards a more cohesive society".

He said he has "always felt welcome" in Northern Ireland and "this does not change that".

"I have lived in Northern Ireland for over 20 years. I am at a place now where I am confident that Northern Ireland is a place that does not want to go in this direction, into a hateful place."

Mr Makoni said his 15-year-old son, who was first to see the spray-painted graffiti on the front of their home, had pleaded for him to stop his community work.

However he added: "This does not make me feel unwelcome, clearly this is just rogue elements within our community.

"I believe that if there is a dialogue with them a resolution can be had.

"Instead of wasting paint, they should have just knocked on my door. I would have offered them a cup of tea , sat down and talked with them."

"This is an appalling and sinister attack which was designed to threaten Takura for speaking out," she said. "Those behind it do not represent south Belfast which is a community of compassionate, kind and welcoming people."However, that does not diminish its impact on those people who are being targeted. It creates fear and it is completely unacceptable."

Ms Nicholl also appealed for all political parties "to come together and condemn racism".

PSNI Chief Inspector Mark Conway said: "We are treating this as a hate-motivated crime and our enquiries are ongoing.

"The sentiment expressed is unacceptable and I am appealing to anyone with information that could assist enquiries to get on touch."

Oleh was hit in the back by shrapnel from a Russian mortar

As the anaesthetic began to wear off, the Ukrainian soldier - a scrawny, mud-flecked 19-year-old - let out a low wail in the back of the ambulance, then fumbled with his oxygen mask and swore as he mumbled: "Give me my rifle."

"They're often like this. So much trauma," said Dr Inna Dymitr, stroking the soldier's pale face as he slipped back into unconsciousness and the ambulance swerved, at furious speed, heading away from the frontlines south-east of Zaporizhzhia.

The young soldier's name was Oleh. In a trench that morning, shrapnel from an exploding Russian mortar had dug a large hole in his lower back, quite possibly severing his spinal cord.

"He's stable, but in a serious condition. We get so many like him," said Dr Dymitr, listing half a dozen other cases from recent days. She works for a private, Western-funded aid group, MOAS.

As the casualties from Ukraine's counter-offensive mount, it is easy to see why - on a rare visit to this closely guarded section of the southern front - some soldiers and observers are starting to wonder if a breakthrough is possible, or whether Russia's defensive lines, built up and heavily-reinforced over the winter months, are simply too much of a barrier.

"Without more [Western] help, I think we might lose this game," said Kyrylo Potras, a Ukrainian marine whose lower left leg was torn off by a Russian mine in 2020, but who has now returned to the frontlines. Potras said the presence of vast Russian minefields was proving a huge obstacle.

"These Russians… there are a lot [of them]. They have many anti-tank guns and missile systems," he said.

And yet, one month into this long-planned counter-attack, there are plenty of soldiers and experts who vehemently disagree, judging that the opening phase is going according to plan, and that the active frontline - which stretches in a rough arc for more than 1,000km (620 miles) from the Black Sea Coast up to Ukraine's north-eastern border with Russia - was never going to be breached with the same abrupt speed that Kyiv's forces achieved last year.

Having spent the last few weeks visiting three separate sections of the front and talking to a range of people, I'm tempted to divide these differing perspectives into three broad groups: those who see Russia's defensive lines as if they're made of tin, those who see them as wood, and those who imagine them as glass.

The tin theory - malleable but resilient - was first sketched out for me, more than two weeks ago, by a weary medic I met at a field hospital close to the near-obliterated Donbas town of Bakhmut.

Amidst the crash and boom of artillery fire, he described Ukraine's mounting casualties, warned that Russia had had too long to prepare its defences and had too many troops, and concluded that while Ukraine might be able to push the frontline back, perhaps even by tens of kilometres, it would struggle to do more than dent Russia's over-all strategic hold of east and south-eastern Ukraine.

"I think this war will not be resolved in the battlefield. It will end with a political deal," he said gloomily.

The wood theory - by which I mean a frontline more likely to snap and splinter, but not collapse - was brought home to me some three hours' drive southwest of Bakhmut, beyond the small town of Velyka Novosilka.

In the fields and rolling hills that stretch towards the Black Sea, Ukrainian forces were pushing forwards, finding ways through the minefields and attacking Russian positions from unexpected angles, and - slowly, but steadily - capturing significant chunks of territory and several villages and small towns.

"I'm a realist, although some people call me a pessimist," said Artem, a 36-year-old soldier, as a Ukrainian jet roared overhead. His view was that Russian troop morale was low, and that Ukraine was likely to make some significant breakthroughs in the coming months. But he could not see the counter-offensive turning into a rout, like it briefly did last November.

Artem does not believe the Russians will be routed, as they were from parts of eastern Ukraine last year

"The media and society are in a hurry. [But] the worst option is always possible," he added, wondering what sort of "price" Ukraine would be prepared to make in terms of the likely casualties involved forcing a strategic break in Russia's frontlines.

It is notable that the gloomier perspectives regarding Ukraine's counter-offensive tend to come from soldiers closest to the frontlines and most heavily involved in combat operations.

You could argue that they have the most experience and the most realistic views. But it's also reasonable to point out that these soldiers are least able to see the bigger picture, focused, as they are, on small sections of a huge military operation.

Which brings me to the glass theory: the view - widely held by prominent western military analysts like Mick Ryan and generals like UK armed forces chief Sir Tony Radakin - that the counter-offensive is on course and that in weeks, or months, Russia's defences will shatter, allowing Ukraine to seize strategically significant territory and to advance close to (if not into) the Crimean Peninsula.

This theory's supporters urge patience, not pessimism, arguing that Ukraine's lack of airpower means it cannot do the vital early work of destroying Russia's "operational system" - meaning its logistical supply-lines and command centres - with the speed it would like.

Instead, Ukrainian forces are using ground-based missiles to do the work, and at the same time attacking Russian positions in as many places as possible in order to tie up, and destroy, as much enemy manpower and equipment as possible.

"Starve, stretch and strike," was how Sir Tony, Britain's Chief of Defence Staff, described the strategy in parliament this week, concluding that Russia has already "lost nearly half the combat effectiveness of its army."

We believe and wait... We just need to be patient

In another field hospital - where Oleh, the 19-year-old soldier with a severe back injury had briefly been patched up by medics before getting an ambulance ride to Zaporizhzhia - a Ukrainian doctor who asked that we use only his first name, Yevhen, summed up what I would still describe as the dominant, and optimistic, mood of most Ukrainian soldiers and officials I've met here.

"Everyone is waiting for [the breakthrough]. We believe and wait. We know everything will be fine. We just need to be patient," he said with a smile, sitting in the sunshine outside the well-organised field hospital, with the boom of outgoing artillery rounds echoing in the distance.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

You've been capturing the snow around the UK today.

Here's some of our favourite shots.

While some have been experiencing travel woes, others have been making the most of the snowy weather Image caption: While some have been experiencing travel woes, others have been making the most of the snowy weather

A Weather Watcher in North Wales sent in this striking image of the ice on plants at Keepers Pond, Blaenavon Image caption: A Weather Watcher in North Wales sent in this striking image of the ice on plants at Keepers Pond, Blaenavon

As you can tell, we're partial to your pictures of our canine friends - this one is in Derbyshire Image caption: As you can tell, we're partial to your pictures of our canine friends - this one is in Derbyshire

We're also partial to a sun set scene, especially when it features a dusting of snow - such as this view over Loch Broom, near Ullapool in the Highlands Image caption: We're also partial to a sun set scene, especially when it features a dusting of snow - such as this view over Loch Broom, near Ullapool in the Highlands

Scotland voted against independence by 55% to 45% in 2014

Using the next general election as a "de facto referendum" is still an option, the Scottish government's independence minister has said.

Jamie Hepburn said "no option should be taken off the table" ahead of a special SNP independence convention next month.

Mr Hepburn also revealed the Scottish government will resume publishing a series of papers which set out the case for a Yes vote.

Opposition parties have criticised the SNP's renewed focus on independence.

Labour's shadow Scottish secretary Ian Murray argued the cost of living crisis should be a bigger priority for SNP ministers.

Appearing on the BBC Scotland Sunday Show, Mr Hepburn said the SNP would use the independence convention event on 24 June to "discuss what our platform will be in advance of the 2024 general election".

Asked if the possibility of a de facto referendum approach was still on the table, he said: "The first minister has said that so long as it's rightly within the parameters of a legal, electoral route then no option should be taken off the table.

"So that will form part of our discussion."

Jamie Hepburn said SNP members will discuss the party's independence strategy at a special conference next month

First Minister Humza Yousaf has said he wants a "consistent majority for independence" and will focus on making the case for a Yes vote because he knows pushing for a referendum immediately will be rejected.

But when Nicola Sturgeon was first minister she said she wanted to use the next UK general election - which must be held by January 2025 at the latest - as a de facto referendum.

This would involve treating the votes for the SNP at a general election as votes for independence and then looking to open negotiations with the UK government about Scotland's exit from the UK.

However, the UK government has previously dismissed the idea, which has also attracted some criticism within the SNP.

Humza Yousaf has pledged to take a positive independence message to people around the country

The convention in Dundee next month is likely to form part of more activity from the SNP on the issue of a second independence referendum.

Mr Hepburn told BBC Scotland that in the coming weeks another paper on the case for independence, produced by a team of Scottish government civil servants, will be published.

The first paper of this series - called Independence in the Modern World. Wealthier, Happier, Fairer: Why Not Scotland? - made comparisons between Scotland and other European countries and was published in June last year.

Subsequent papers were billed as looking at areas including currency, tax and spend, defence, social security and pensions, and EU membership and trade.

Humza Yousaf has also pledged a "summer of independence campaign activity" which would "take our positive message to every corner of the country".

Writing in The National, he said the party was working hard to organise regional independence assemblies, something he pledged on the campaign trail for the SNP leadership.

Labour's shadow Scottish secretary Mr Murray said the Scottish government should be "concentrating on bread and butter issues".

He added: "It's the same old story, over and over again.

"The Scottish public will not be very amused that during the worst cost of living crisis in history the SNP are reverting to type and talking about independence.

"Why we have a very expensive £100,00-a-year minister for independence when we need everyone's focus on the cost of living crisis is completely beyond my comprehension."

Donald Cameron, Scottish Conservative constitution spokesman, added: "Jamie Hepburn couldn't have made it more obvious that the SNP have no intention of tackling Scotland's real priorities.

"They're having yet another conference, just for their members, on how to break up the UK - something Scots decisively rejected."

They want Scottish independence to be achieved by a process which is beyond any legal or moral dispute and in clear accordance with international law.

Their ideal scenario is a second independence referendum on a straightforward yes-no question.

But the Supreme Court made it clear that Holyrood does not have the power to hold one without UK government permission.

There are a number of other options - none of them straightforward.

One argument is that a future election - perhaps the next general election or Scottish Parliament election- could be turned into a defacto referendum.

If more than 50% of people voted for the SNP or another pro-independence party, it would be considered by them to be a vote for independence itself. The hope of those who advance that argument would be that this would quickly result in an actual referendum on independence itself.

Another argument is that SNP MPs could try to "force" a future Westminster government which was short of a majority to concede a referendum in return for their support.

But both Labour and the Conservatives are adamant that will not happen.

Then there is the argument that the best way forward for supporters of independence is simply to keep on trying to increase support for it.

They would contend that, sooner or later, the point could come when it was clear that independence was consistently supported by a significant majority of Scots so it would be impossible in practice to deny a referendum.

These ideas, and other strategies, will no doubt be discussed at next month's convention.

Colourful drone displays have taken place across the country as part of the King's Coronation concert.

The drones formed together to create different animals and moments in nature, as Alexis Ffrench and Zak Abel performed a cover of Don't You Forget About Me by Simple Minds.

It's a well-worn trope that the politicians who look after our wallets are the ones who tend to win.

With interest rates still climbing, inflation still gobbling up spending power and taxes at historically high levels, times are hard for millions.

A winning political party certainly needs smart answers. Labour has been miles ahead in the polls for many months, but can the party, and its shadow chancellor Rachel Reeves - who is on our show this Sunday - persuade you their answers add up?

Labour are not short of slogans about the state of the economy. You only need to glance at their MPs' social media, or dip into the House of Commons for a few minutes, to hear one of the economic charges they are levelling against the Conservatives.

But when you look closely at the party's actual plans, it is not so easy to spot the difference.

Taxes are already very high and Labour has no desire to raise them beyond a couple of specific, and relatively minor changes, like charging VAT on private school fees and altering non-dom status (where a UK resident whose permanent home is outside the country pays British taxes on money earned here but not on income from overseas).

What about spending on public services? With the election probably still more than a year away Labour doesn't want to be drawn - although you'll hear some shadow ministers make warm noises about spending "more".

And there's not an obvious difference when it comes to spending on benefits either. Both main parties want to keep the very expensive protection for pensioners - the so-called "triple lock".

To the irritation of many Labour left-wingers they have not committed to getting rid of the two-child limit, where parents who have a third or subsequent child do not qualify for additional financial support. So on the traditional areas of tax, spending and benefits, playing spot the difference between the government and the wannabe government doesn't get you that far.

There are important distinctions we'll come to in a second, but it is worth pondering the mixture of politics and policies that seems to make the gap quite narrow.

First, Labour know the Conservatives will grab any shred of evidence to suggest their opponents will splash the cash irresponsibly.

Ms Reeves has long been trying to counter that with the strict message that all spending has to be paid for. Her so-called "fiscal rules" mean a hypothetical Labour government would only borrow to invest.

That is frustrating to some in Labour, with one MP on the party's left telling me: "I know the front bench is concerned about appearing credible, and the conclusion is to spend less money, but because things are so bad we have to be much bolder."

Another MP said the "self-imposed strait-jacket is going to be more and more of a problem".

There is zero chance that Ms Reeves and Sir Keir Starmer are going to budge on this.

That's not just because they don't want to give the Tories an inch, but because they have what a source described as a genuinely "hard-headed" even "zealot-like" approach to controlling spending. This is not just a political decision, it's based on principles too.

With the economy in a bad way, a safety-first attitude prevails - especially after the pandemonium of the Truss government last autumn.

As one Labour-backing City insider says: "The whole approach right now is to ensure investors are confident in the UK."

Another source suggested "people in the City are quite worried that this government and the regulators have already moved a long way to the interventionist side of things - Rachel will have heard that in spades".

Labour also knows not to reveal its hand this far from an election. That's partly because the financial pressures people face will change by the time the UK goes to the polls. And there is always a risk of your rivals nabbing your plans.

There are differences though - most notably Labour's promise to spend up to £28bn a year on shifting to a greener economy. The party would create a National Wealth Fund to invest in big projects and create a state-owned green power firm called GB Energy.

While Ms Reeves may not have an intensely detailed programme, she does have a new brand: "Securonomics".

"Securonomics" is meant to be a whole new way of doing business. Making and selling more in the UK, creating more lasting jobs, and working more closely with industry to make sure the country is competing with its rivals.

It is meant to sound radical, but what it means in practice is unclear. As one source put it: "Securonomics is extremely clever because it feels like there is a lot in there but it is not very obvious what is."

There is an opportunity for Labour here. Even without the finer details, there is clear difference over how much the main parties would be prepared to intervene in the economy.

Labour has watered down its pledge to invest in more green energy

Labour is also likely to make a big thing in the run up to the next election of expanding workers' rights. While what will actually end up in the manifesto is yet to be finalised, one shadow minister says you can expect it to be a "big part of the offer" across the UK.

So while Labour's Treasury team shares some of the Conservatives' view that now is not the time to go wild with public spending or borrowing, there are important distinctions.

But that shared instinct to be careful with the cash is getting stronger because of what is happening to interest rates.

One economist notes that if short and medium-term interest rates are one percentage point higher than expected it raises borrowing by £20bn in the medium term.

So it is getting more expensive for the government to borrow - as is the cost of repaying the debts the country already has.

Of course there are always economic choices about taking an alternative approach. But the desire to keep debt down is something Labour's leadership and the Conservatives share.

Ms Reeves has scaled back her green ambitions just as Chancellor Jeremy Hunt has talked down the prospect of tax cuts.

Voters on the left may be frustrated that Labour is promising less than in recent years, but it is harder to make big promises when there is less to go around - so we shouldn't expect a cheque book election.

Rory O'Connor says "transformational" speech and language therapy is "being taken away" from his seven-year-old son Lorcan

The father of an autistic child has said he is very angry over the decision to scrap a schools fund that provided extra support to disadvantaged pupils.

Rory O'Connor said his son's life had been "transformed" by speech and language therapy (SLT) sessions, funded by the Extended Schools Programme.

The scheme enabled almost 500 schools to provide extras like counselling, SLT, breakfasts and after-school clubs.

But school principals have been told the fund is being axed from 30 June.

In a letter to schools, Stormont's Department of Education (DE) said it had to make "significant savings" in 2023-24 and the programme "is no longer available".

The O'Connor family, from Lurgan, County Armagh, are among those who have been advised the additional support services their children receive in school are now under threat because of budget cutbacks.

"I just can't believe it," Mr O'Connor told BBC News NI's Evening Extra programme.

His seven-year-old son, Lorcan, has special educational needs as well as autism and previously found it difficult to make himself understood.

Over the past 18 months, Lorcan has benefited from SLT sessions at his Craigavon school, funded through the Extended Schools Programme.

"Over the past year and a half it has really transformed him from a child who was unable to communicate his needs to a completely different child that can communicate with us as a family; communicate with his peers," Mr O'Connor said.

He added the speech therapy "equips him to be a fully-functioning member of the school and society, and that's being taken away from him".

"The thing I'm really cross about is that there is nobody accountable," Lorcan's father added.

"There should be a minister for education coming and defending the decision to cut this and unfortunately in our country, we don't have that."

Lorcan became a "completely different child" with extra support in school, his father said

Budget pressures have already led to DE funding being cut for schemes including holiday hunger payments, counselling for primary school children and free books for babies.

The Extended Schools scheme has been running since 2006 and more than £9m was provided to about 500 schools in 2022/23.

The schools received sums of between £1,000 to about £33,000 in 2022/23, depending on their pupil numbers and needs.

To be eligible for funding, schools need to have more than 37% of pupils who are entitled to free school meals or more than half who live in a disadvantaged area.

Some head teachers used it to pay for breakfasts for pupils as the cost of living rose.

But in its letter to head teachers, the department said the education budget was facing significant cuts.

"As with all other departments, the Department of Education is yet to receive its confirmed budget allocation," the letter said.

"However, the indicative budget allocation recently advised by the Northern Ireland Office is extremely challenging for education.

"The Extended Schools Programme has been supported in recent years with £5.8m of funding from the [DUP/Conservative] confidence and supply agreement.

"This funding is no longer available and, due to the extent of budget pressures, it is not possible for this to be covered from the Department of Education's budget.

"Consequently, unless additional funding is allocated by the secretary of state, funding can only be provided for the Extended Schools Programme to the end of the academic year, June 2023."

Schools used much of the money to help pupils whose families were struggling with the rising cost of living

The department said it was making about £2.2m available so schools could continue to offer support paid for by the scheme until the end of the school year in June.

Its letter also said that DE recognised "how disappointing this is for everyone involved in the delivery of this long-standing programme, and for the young people and families who have benefitted from its support over many years".

There has been an angry reaction from trade unions to the end of the Extended Schools Programme.

The northern secretary of the Irish National Teachers' Organisation (INTO) Mark McTaggart said the decision would "directly impact on the most vulnerable children in our schools".

"It is time that politicians stopped playing with the lives of the most vulnerable young people in our society, got back to real politics and began to find the necessary funding to ensure that we can offer the world class education system everybody wants," he told BBC News NI.

In a statement, Justin McCamphill from the National Association of Schoolmasters Union of Women Teachers (NASUWT) said ending the scheme was yet another blow to our most vulnerable children and young people.

Meanwhile, Alan Law from the Northern Ireland Public Service Alliance (Nipsa) union said the scheme was being wrecked and the valuable and important work destroyed.

"It is shameful that these decisions are being taken without anyone being accountable," he said.

Child counselling in schools was among the services which received financial support from the fund

Principal of Lisnagelvin Primary School in Londonderry, Colin Torrens, said the Extended Schools scheme had provided a range of vital services at his school.

That includes the breakfast club, school councillors and extra numeracy and literacy support for pupils. Its loss is the latest in a series of cuts to schools funding, Mr Torrens said.

"Unfortunately every funding cut that comes in affects the most vulnerable and it is very demoralising," he told BBC Radio Foyle.

He added: "While we have tried to shield parents and pupils from these cuts over the last ten years, we are now in a position where we can no longer do that."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Graham Robinson's driving was described as "completely out of control"

A man whose own dashcam recorded him using his car as a weapon to run a motorcyclist down has been jailed.

Graham Robinson, 69, of Kinmel Bay, Conwy, chased Liam Guest in a road rage episode on 5 August 2022.

Caernarfon Crown Court heard Robinson claimed Mr Guest clipped his wing mirror and shouted "I am going to knock you off your bike" before the pursuit.

Judge Timothy Petts told Robinson his driving was "completely out of control" and "highly dangerous".

Prosecutor Rosemary Proctor told the court a woman had been in the front room of her bungalow when she heard a "terrific bang" outside on the afternoon of the incident.

Her garden was in disarray, the fence broken, a blue car in vegetation and a motorbike on the ground.

During the incident, the prosecution said the defendant had shouted: "I am going to knock you off your bike."

A pursuit then ensued with Robinson's dashcam showing he reached 80km/h (50mph) on side roads and 64km/h (40mph) on a dirt track where he collided with the motorcyclist.

Ms Proctor said Mr Guest was cut and grazed and later complained of pain and flashbacks.

Robinson had at first lied to police that his dashcam was broken and not in his car.

Simon Killeen, defending, said Robinson lived with his wife and was under additional stress because of her illness at the time.

Robinson, who had no previous convictions, claimed Mr Guest had struck his wing mirror but then made the "appalling" decision to pursue him afterwards, Mr Killeen added.

Judge Timothy Petts said there was strong personal mitigation but told the pensioner he had used his car "as a weapon against a vulnerable road user".

Judge Petts said "the best part of £3,000 damage" was also caused to the fence.

"For anyone to use their car as a weapon as you were doing to settle a grudge with a more vulnerable road user is highly dangerous and the sentence has to reflect that.

"It's no thanks to you the injuries were not more serious than they were."

Robinson was jailed for eight months. A three years and four month driving ban with an extended re-test was also imposed.

Several investigations are underway following Tuesday morning's crash

One person was killed and 19 passengers taken to hospital when an inter-city train collided with a crane and derailed outside The Hague.

Emergency services said the train was carrying about 50 people when the train derailed near the village of Voorschoten.

The accident was the worst on Dutch railways for years and King Willem-Alexander later visited the scene.

Residents looked after some of the passengers with minor injuries.

The crash happened at about 03:25 local time (01:25 GMT) on Tuesday, tearing apart the NS passenger train and bringing down one of the overhead power lines.

A goods train also collided with the crane, which was being used for repairs to two of four railway tracks near Voorschoten.

The person who died had been working for construction company BAM, a spokesperson confirmed. Some of the 19 passengers were in a serious condition. The passenger train driver was also hurt, but the goods train driver was safe.

One of the passenger carriages careered down the grassy slope, while another remained on the tracks. Most of the double-decker inter-city train's lower windows were shattered.

"We heard a bang first and then later, a much more intense one," one local resident told the AFP news agency. "Then we heard people screaming. It was not good."

"The crane was there to be used for maintenance," said John Voppen, head of the government network body ProRail. He said he was 100% sure the crane was not on the tracks being used by the trains, but was unable to say how the two trains collided with it.

"I have been working in the rail industry for years and I don't understand how this could have happened."

A cordon has been set up around the site of the crash

Leiden Central station, which lies between The Hague and Amsterdam, has been closed. Trains are unlikely to be running in the area for days because of damage to the track, described as "enormous".

"This is an incredibly tragic accident," said Voorschoten Mayor Nadine Stemerdink. "We regret there was also a fatality. My thoughts go out to all the family and friends of those involved."

Police have launched an inquiry, as has the Dutch Safety Board, which will focus on how two trains could have collided with a crane that was supposed to be on one of two tracks taken out of service for maintenance.

King Willem-Alexander visited the site after thanking residents who had opened their doors to treat passengers who did not need hospital treatment.

"Our thoughts are with the victims of the train accident at Voorschoten and their families," a statement from the Royal House reads. "Many are now in fear and uncertainty. We deeply sympathise with all of them."

This sort of incident is extremely rare in the Netherlands, where the rail systems are generally very safe.

Have you been affected by what's happened? If it's safe to do so, you can share your experience by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

A powerful cyclone has hit Western Australia as a category five storm, setting a wind speed record but sparing populated areas from major damage.

Severe Tropical Cyclone Ilsa struck the state close to Port Hedland, the world's largest iron ore export hub, just before midnight (17:00 BST).

The storm has been downgraded to category two, but alerts remain in place for some inland communities.

The cyclone is the strongest to hit the region in some 14 years.

Bureau of Meteorology (BOM) forecaster Todd Smith said a late south-easterly shift in the storm's path meant that "Port Hedland dodged a bullet last night".

Port Hedland Mayor Peter Carter described the sound of the wind hitting the town as "very eerie and unusual" and "like a freight train".

Officials said the storm was now tracking east, and warned inland communities to stay vigilant.

"There are several remote communities and mining operations which are yet to be impacted," WA's Acting Emergency Services Minister Sue Ellery told reporters.

One well-known local tavern and caravan park lying right in the path of the storm - the Pardoo roadhouse - suffered "great damage", its owners said on Facebook.

But there have so far been no reports of injuries to people and all critical infrastructure was undamaged by the cyclone, the region's fire chief said.

"Once we can get crews onto the ground and helicopters in the air... we will move along the coast just to check to see roads and other critical infrastructure," Peter Sutton told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC).

Winds of 135.5 miles per hour (218km/h) were recorded on Bedout Island just off the coast as the storm touched down, setting a preliminary 10-minute sustained wind record for Australia.

The previous record was 120.5mph (194km/h) - winds that were recorded when Cyclone George slammed into the country in 2007.

Dramatic skies were seen in the area as the cyclone passed through

As Ilsa's very destructive winds move inland, the storm is predicted to weaken further overnight into Saturday, the Bureau of Meteorology (BOM) said.

As the cyclone approached, Port Hedland residents made last minute preparations by sandbagging and securing homes and businesses, Channel Nine reporter Ezra Holt told the BBC from the town.

He added that there were mixed emotions within the town, with some not too fussed, and others more concerned because cyclones this strong are quite rare.

Ships, including iron ore carriers, were reportedly moved from the Port Hedland harbour as the storm approached.

The last category five cyclone to hit WA was Cyclone Laurence in 2009. Two years earlier, another category five storm, Cyclone George, killed three people as it tore through mining camps just south of Port Hedland.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

A Russian court has rejected the appeal of US journalist Evan Gershkovich against his pre-trial detention.

He appeared in court in Moscow on Tuesday - the first time he had been seen in public for weeks.

He was arrested in the city of Yekaterinburg while working for the Wall Street Journal (WSJ) newspaper and charged with spying.

Mr Gershkovich stood with folded arms in a bullet-proof glass enclosure, wearing jeans and a blue checked shirt.

He gave a quick smile while standing calmly, but did not say anything to the reporters present.

The court rejected his legal team's offer to free him on bail of 50 million roubles ($614,000) or put him under house arrest.

Mr Gershkovich will stay at a former KGB prison until 29 May at least.

Along with his lawyer, US ambassador to Moscow Lynne Tracy was also present in the courtroom.

This is the same court where Kremlin critic Vladimir Kara-Murza was just convicted of treason and sentenced to prison on Monday.

Media were allowed in the courtroom at the start of the hearing before being ushered out and will be permitted to return at the end of the hearing.

Speaking outside the court after the hearing, Ms Tracy said she had been given access to Mr Gershkovich for the first time on Monday and that he was in "good health and remains strong despite the circumstances".

"The charges against Evan are baseless and we call on the Russian Federation to immediately release him," she said.

"He has a fighting spirit," one of his lawyers, Maria Korchagina, said. "He's working out and he knows that people are supporting him."

Another one of his lawyers, Tatiana Nozhkina, said: "He's in a combative mood, denies he is guilty, and is ready to prove it."

When the judge asked Mr Gershkovich if he needed a translation, he replied no - he understood everything.

He is reading Russian literature while in detention.

More than 40 countries, led by the US, released a joint statement at the United Nations on Monday calling for Mr Gershkovich's release and condemning Moscow for intimidating the media.

Mr Gershkovich, 31, was arrested on 29 March and could face up to 20 years in prison if found guilty of espionage.

Russia claims he was trying to obtain classified defence information for the US government. Mr Gershkovich denies any wrongdoing.

His arrest is the first time Moscow has accused a US journalist of espionage since the Soviet era.

Reporters Without Borders said Mr Gershkovich was covering the Russian mercenary group Wagner in Yekaterinburg, about 1,600km (1,000 miles) east of Moscow.

US officials said his driver had dropped him off at a restaurant and two hours later, his phone had been turned off.

Lawyers for the WSJ have been able to see him and the company said it was doing "everything in our power to support Evan and his family".

US leaders - President Joe Biden and both Republican and Democratic senators - have condemned his detention.

His case is now being handled by the US special envoy for hostage affairs.

At least 65 Americans were being unfairly detained abroad in 2022, according to a report by the James Foley Legacy Foundation.

The daughter of the human rights activist Andrei Sakharov, who became the first Soviet citizen to be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize, has described the treatment dealt out to journalists as "primitive, unjustifiable, and appalling".

Tatiana Yankelevich, who is a US-based scholar, has said in an article about her friend Mr Kara-Murza that he is unlikely to survive his 25-year jail term and that "there are many other lesser known but ever-so-courageous people resisting official lies and propaganda".

"Doomsday scenes" unfolded in Pakistan after a suicide bomber targeted a political rally, killing at least 45 people, an eyewitness has told the BBC.

People screamed for help as rescuers rushed to the scene in the north-west Bajaur district on Sunday, rally organiser Imran Mahir said.

The attack targeted the Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam-Fazl (JUI-F), a party that is part of the government coalition.

"A person standing next to me died. Another was injured," Mr Mahir said.

"It was a big sound. I initially thought there was a problem with the generator or the sound system. My ears have been ringing and hurting. My head is still hurting."

The local branch of the Islamic State (IS) group in Pakistan has claimed responsibility for the bombing.

The group, who go by the name Islamic State Khorasan (ISKP), said the attack was part of an "ongoing war against democracy".

ISKP has targeted officials of the political party at least four times since 2017, as it opposes JUI-F's support for democracy in Pakistan.

ISKP has also claimed responsibility for several other attacks this year in Bajaur targeting JUI-F. In June, it said they were behind the assassination of a party official in the village of Inayat Killi.

Hundreds had turned up for the rally, which was an opportunity for the Islamist JUI-F to rally its support ahead of an election expected to take place later this year.

Mr Mahir, who was seated on the stage when the bomb was detonated, described how the explosion unleashed flames and pellets on the crowd that gathered in the town of Khar, in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, near Pakistan's border with Afghanistan.

"I saw the injured and dead around me. It was very bad situation - it was like doomsday. Soon after the blast there was a panic, it was chaos, people running everywhere," he said.

"I don't know why I wasn't injured, it was my luck, my time wasn't over yet. There was a man in his 80s far away from the explosion but he passed," he said.

At least 44 people were killed in a bomb explosion in Bajaur, Pakistan

Officials have warned the death toll may rise further, as 15 people are in critical condition.

A regional leader of the JUI-F, Maulana Ziaullah, was among the fatalities, local officials told the BBC.

"We never thought it would happen to political workers or students and they would do such a big explosion. It was not in our mind, we weren't even thinking of it," Mr Mahir said.

He said he had been to seven burials overnight.

Mr Mahir said however, that morale within the JUI-F ranks remains "strong and high", adding, "We are not going to stop contesting seats, we will carry on. We will face the future".

Pakistan's Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif condemned those responsible as being terrorists who have "targeted those who speak for Islam, the Quran and Pakistan" and said they would face "real punishment".

The Pakistani Taliban (TTP) has condemned the attack and denied any involvement.

In recent years attacks the TTP and other militant groups have been on the rise again in north-west Pakistan after the Afghan Taliban gained power in neighbouring Afghanistan in 2021. The TTP resumed attacks after ending a ceasefire last November.

Last updated on .From the section Women's World Cup

Sweden turned on the style to demolish Group G rivals Italy and secure a place in the last 16 of the Women's World Cup with one game to spare.

The 2019 semi-finalists showed why they remain heavyweights of the women's game as Amanda Ilestedt, Fridolina Rolfo and Stina Blackstenius scored in the space of seven minutes at the end of the first half.

New Arsenal signing Ilestedt opened the scoring with a glancing header from Jonna Andersson's corner before Rolfo, a Champions League winner with Barcelona, used her knee to double the lead after another corner.

Italy, who had recorded clean sheets in six of their previous 13 World Cup matches, conceded a third when Blackstenius, another Arsenal player, finished from close range.

In front of a crowd of 29,143, it went from bad to worse for Le Azzurre when Ilestedt added the fourth - her third goal of the tournament - with another header from another corner.

And substitute Rebecka Blomqvist added the fifth in the 95th minute.
• None What do you know about past 24 hours at World Cup?

"I really want to pay tribute to the players," said Sweden boss Peter Gerhardsson. "Not for the first time I'm impressed by these players."

Andersson, the former Chelsea defender, was a real threat with her corners as she provided two assists prompting Gerhardsson to add: "We have been good at set-pieces for a long time."

Sweden will face one of the United States, the Netherlands or Portugal in the knockout stage.

Italy remain second in the group with three points from two games, but need to defeat South Africa next Wednesday back in Wellington (08:00 BST) to make sure of progressing in the tournament.
• None Reaction and analysis as Sweden hammer Italy at the Fifa Women's World Cup

Former finalists Sweden needed a 90th-minute winner from Ilestedt to overcome South Africa in their opening group game.

They had no such problems dispatching Italy in New Zealand's capital.

The World Cup ever-presents, who are ranked third in the world behind defending world champions the United States and Germany, sent out a powerful message they could go deep into yet another tournament.

After reaching the semi-finalists in France four years ago, they made it to the Olympic final two years ago before making the semi-finals of Euro 2022.

Will they reach the World Cup final for the first time since 2003?

With the team based about half an hour's drive from Wellington, Sweden have attracted lots of local support in New Zealand's capital.

The locals in the Saturday night crowd lapped up the goals as Sweden showed their ruthless side, with defender Ilestedt now joint leading scorer at the tournament with Brazil forward Ary Borges.

Italy do not have long to recover before they face South Africa in a match they must win to make sure of joining Sweden in the last 16.

They secured a narrow 1-0 win over Argentina in their first group game as Cristiana Girelli headed an 87th-minute winner.

But they were completely overwhelmed in this all-European encounter, with their defending from corners a major concern for boss Milena Bertolini.

"For the first half an hour we gave them a hard time, we tried to fight them but didn't succeed," said Bertolini.

"We were a bit fragile mentally because after conceding the first two goals we were not able to stay calm.

"We need to work on our mental strength."

After the men's national team failed to qualify for the past two World Cups, the women are flying the flag on the world stage.

Yet they need a much-improved performance against South Africa to stay in this tournament.

Le Azzurre started confidently and should have taken the lead when Sofia Cantore's attempt was spilled but Lucia di Guglielmo fired into the side-netting.

But once Ilestedt opened the floodgates, Italy were second best.
• None Goal! Sweden 5, Italy 0. Rebecka Blomqvist (Sweden) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Sofia Jakobsson with a headed pass following a fast break.
• None Attempt blocked. Lisa Boattin (Italy) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Valentina Cernoia with a cross.
• None Attempt saved. Sofia Jakobsson (Sweden) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Stina Blackstenius with a through ball.
• None Attempt missed. Valentina Giacinti (Italy) right footed shot from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by Sofia Cantore.
• None Offside, Sweden. Olivia Schough tries a through ball, but Sofia Jakobsson is caught offside.
• None Attempt blocked. Olivia Schough (Sweden) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page

Tory MPs are torn about whether or not to back the former prime minister

Some of Boris Johnson's closest allies are rallying behind the former PM before a vote on a damning report which found he had misled MPs over Partygate.

Nadine Dorries is among a small group of Johnson loyalists planning to oppose the Privileges Committee's report in a Commons vote on Monday.

Many other Tory MPs have yet to decide how to vote - or whether to abstain.

The motion - which would see Mr Johnson stripped of his right to a parliament pass - is likely to pass comfortably.

The committee's main recommendation is that Mr Johnson should be suspended from Parliament for 90 days, but he has already stood down as an MP.

The report, which was published on Thursday morning, said the former PM had deliberately misled Parliament over lockdown parties and had committed repeated offences with his denials.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak - who was Mr Johnson's chancellor - has not said whether he will vote on the report.

Johnson loyalists - including former ministers Sir Simon Clarke, Nadine Dorries and Sir Jake Berry - have said they will vote against the report's findings.

It is likely that many more Conservative MPs could abstain, or simply not turn up to the vote, while Labour, the Liberal Democrats and the SNP are all expected to support the committee's findings.

But Conservative MPs still face a dilemma over Monday's vote.

Voting against the recommendations risks alienating local party activists who want Mr Johnson gone, voting for it risks angering his fans, who believe he has been hounded out of Parliament.

Allies of Mr Johnson warned Tory MPs they could face battles with their local parties to remain as candidates at the next election if they back the motion.

Senior Conservative MP Damian Green told the BBC that "deliberately abstaining is not really rising to the importance of the occasion".

The former cabinet minister under Theresa May said he intended to vote to approve the report with a "heavy heart".

Sir Jake - an ally of Mr Johnson - said he was "almost certain that Parliament will vote in favour" of the report on Monday.

But Sir Jake said he would "certainly be one of those in the no lobby opposing this report, whose conclusions he called "wrong".

So far, 15 Conservatives have publicly criticised the committee:

Liberal Democrats say the report "speaks for itself" and should be approved without a debate.

Sir Ed Davey criticised the amount of time the government is spending debating Mr Johnson's conduct, and said the Conservative party is operating "in absolute chaos".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Following a year-long investigation, the seven-person Privileges Committee found Mr Johnson had had "personal knowledge" of Covid-rule breaches in Downing Street but had repeatedly failed to "pro-actively investigate" the facts.

The committee said officials had not advised Mr Johnson that social distancing guidelines were followed at all times, contrary to what he said in the House of Commons at the time.

In key evidence, Martin Reynolds - one of Mr Johnson's most senior officials - said he had advised the PM against making the claim, questioning whether it was "realistic".

Mr Johnson announced last Friday that he was standing down as an MP with immediate effect after being shown a draft of the report.

A by-election will be held on 20 July in his Uxbridge and South Ruislip constituency.

In an eviscerating statement he branded the committee a "kangaroo court" and its findings "deranged", accusing Harriet Harman, the Labour chairwoman of the committee, of bias.

The committee said the initial proposed sanction was increased "in light of Mr Johnson's conduct" in recent days - including breaching confidentiality rules and "being complicit in the campaign of abuse and attempted intimidation of the committee".

Mr Johnson's statement was "completely unacceptable", they said.

Responding to the report, Labour's deputy leader Angela Rayner said Mr Johnson had "disgraced himself", and the Liberal Democrats' Daisy Cooper said he had treated Parliament with "total disdain". SNP leader Humza Yousaf called it a "dark day" for Westminster.

Boris Johnson had to leave Downing Street last summer because a majority of his Conservative colleagues thought he was doing more harm than good.

Now a committee of MPs is set to judge he didn't tell the truth. That committee is made up mainly of Tory MPs. The former PM has faced the same procedure as other MPs that get into trouble. And while Mr Johnson claims he has been "forced out", remember he has chosen to quit before we even see the black and white of their verdict.

It is also a fact there are some Conservatives who begrudge him his success. It is also true that during his last few months in No 10 there were internal enemies trying to force him out.

But to dress that up as a grand conspiracy is, candidly, a stretch. One of those who knows him best told me his resignation announcement was "1,000 words that tell you everything about Johnson's mindset - it's your fault not mine".

Rather than confront what has happened or try to defend himself from the judgement that is coming, Boris Johnson made a political choice this week not to stay and fight.

As ever, the line between farce and tragedy is skinny. While most of the headlines screamed of the shock, the former prime minister's exit from Parliament is entirely on brand.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The timing on a Friday was unexpected, but no surprise. He never much liked Parliament anyway, even though he managed to find a gong for the Commons' hairdresser.

The idea he would savour being a humble backbencher asking questions about cash for the local hospital or appearing at school fetes was for the birds. And if the Privileges Committee's findings are as savage as expected he would have faced a by-election.

Clues from his track record tell us there is little chance he would have fought if he hadn't been sure he could win. He pulled out of the Tory leadership race in 2016 when Michael Gove's move blew up his status as front-runner.

He didn't run in 2022 despite a dash back from the Caribbean and fevered claims that he had enough support. One former cabinet ally says he is "more calculating than people think and this will have been a calculation - if he thought he would win the by-election he would stay". To win and lose does not match brand Boris. To leave like this absolutely does.

The power of his personality - frankly his fame - means he leaves behind some devastated colleagues and a strand of the public who believe he has been hard done by.

One former cabinet minister says: "The party wounded itself when it defenestrated Boris and continues to bleed."

Some of his hard-core supporters left on the backbenches say his exit is a sad day for democracy and - with some justification believe his leadership is what secured their seats, particularly in parts of the country where the Tories could never have dreamt of doing well before.

Some of his loyal backers do feel like he is the great hero in a tragedy, cast aside unfairly in an epic drama, undone by those who envy his talents.

His exit is arguably a tragedy for those who genuinely believed in and adored him. And there is a political tragedy for the Conservative Party, which many MPs privately believe squandered a once in a generation majority.

2019 gave it one of those rare chances to make radical changes to the country, and while many believe it was thrown away by mismanagement and mistakes, there was of course the unexpected horror of the Covid pandemic too.

For those who deplore Boris Johnson, there is a different kind of tragedy, the damage they believe he did to the UK's reputation. And several of those who have been close to him over the years identify a fourth element of the mess - the fact they believe it was never going to end well.

In the Greek tragedies so beloved of Mr Johnson himself, fate, and inevitability plays an important role. One of them says: "Boris is a genuine tragedy. This was all inevitable. We knew how it would play out, but we are still surprised and shocked about how dreadful it is. All our hard work pissed away."

So what happens next? Some MPs are actually cock-a-hoop despite the colossal mess. One tells me: "The man-baby has gone - so pleased!"

But allies talk up his chances of running for another seat some time. One former senior minister tells me "the question is does he plan to get another seat or even Mid-Beds?" - the constituency his close ally and former Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries has just left.

Another former cabinet minister says: "It would be very unwise for him to run again. He has a vociferous 20% in the party who like him but 80% don't. If he ran in a by-election the Lib Dems would murder him."

Would party HQ even let that happen? Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has changed the personnel in charge there. One senior figure pours a bucket of freezing water over the idea telling me: "Boris died today."

What is not clear yet is whether as that MP suggests the manner of his departure could "generate so much unrest I fear there will be an election much sooner than thought".

Mr Johnson has thrown grenades at No 10 - not just the committee that has judged him - suggesting Mr Sunak is not running a "proper Conservative" government.

One former ally says the ex-PM has "gone full circle, returning to his political home - a hut across the water where he can now lob rocks without any sense of responsibility or accountability - and that is ultimately very dangerous for his party and Sunak".

But if Boris Johnson is unlikely to run for Parliament again, and is happy to dangle the prospect of a return, what else might he do with his time?

You'll find plenty of people in Westminster chattering that he'll return to his first love - writing - but might there be something bigger?

By chance his old newspaper the Telegraph has just come up for sale and - by chance - its former editor Will Lewis has just been made a knight by Mr Johnson. Is there, by chance, the possibility they might be part of a bid to take it over?

It's been suggested to me that is in fact something that has been discussed. It's no secret that Mr Lewis - now Sir Will - would be keen to take it on.

He advised Mr Johnson in No 10 sometimes and the two men worked together at the Telegraph when the former PM was its star columnist who attracted extra subscribers each week.

Going back as a columnist would be one thing for Mr Johnson and not all that surprising. But for him to take a bigger role - as one source whispers, the editor - might be the Conservatives' worst nightmare.

I'm told that conversations are only at the stage of ideas being scribbled down on paper. A formal sale process, let alone any decisions about actual bids, is a long way off.

But I can't help wondering, what would the consequences be for Downing Street and the Conservatives if their most loyal backer in the press gave a major role to Mr Sunak's bitter rival? Could the next twist in the Boris Johnson story be even wilder than the last? Perhaps.

What will be Boris Johnson's next job - running the Telegraph newspapers?

Some of those who have worked alongside him believe it is more likely to be "terminal Boris". A former ally says "he was obviously once someone with exceptional skills, who came so far, and did so much in the face of incredible opposition".

But they say, perhaps in sorrow and in anger: "His career ends with him alone, a victim of his utter inability to tell the truth to anyone, including himself."

Maybe he will fade into obscurity. Perhaps he'll be back in Parliament one day. He might make millions speaking and writing or become Rishi Sunak's most powerful opposition.

But his name is now on the list of those unprovable political "what ifs' so furiously and perpetually debated by political nerds.

What if Mrs Thatcher hadn't been forced out? What if Tony Blair hadn't invaded Iraq? What if Boris Johnson had given a different answer in the Commons when he was first asked what happened under his roof during the Covid lockdowns?

We will never know. But what we do know this weekend is that one era is over. We know Boris Johnson had huge potential to create, but also to destroy - his extraordinary majority, his reputation, and the party he led too.

He must now decide what to do with the power that he still retains. And his old party must decide how much attention it wants to pay.

Rioters run as French police officers use tear gas in Paris on 2 July

Riots in France appear to be calming, after five days of violent protests in response to the shooting of teenager Nahel M during a police traffic stop.

Sunday night saw violence subside and fewer arrests were made.

However, President Emmanuel Macron has asked the interior ministry to keep a "massive" police presence on the streets.

On Monday, mayors called for rallies to be held outside town halls to protest the violence and looting.

In Nanterre, Nahel's hometown, mayor Patrick Jarry said he was pleased the violence had subsided, but added that "we shouldn't lose sight of the incident that sparked this situation and the continuing need for justice".

Later in the afternoon, several hundred people attended a rally in L'Haÿ-les-Roses in support of Vincent Jeanbrun, the mayor whose home was attacked by rioters who fired rockets at his fleeing wife and children, breaking her leg and injuring one of the children. The incident is being treated as attempted murder.

A visibly emotional Mr Jeanbrun said: "We saw the real faces of the rioters: they are murderers... They wanted to kill my wife and my two young children in their sleep by burning them alive."

To applause, Mr Jeanbrun also said that over the last week "democracy itself was attacked... We need the majority of people who has so far been silent to say: enough!"

The six days of riots have reportedly caused millions of euros worth of damage to public transport in the Paris region, the Ile-de-France transport network said.

While Sunday night was far calmer, authorities were careful not to prematurely hail a return to normality on Monday.

Buses and trams in the Paris region will again be halted early on Monday night, while President Macron has asked the ministry of the interior to maintain a "massive" police presence across France in order to guarantee a "return to calm".

About 45,000 officers have been deployed across the country for the past three nights and will be out on the streets again on Monday, interior minister Gérald Darmanin confirmed.

More than 150 people were arrested on Sunday night, compared with more than 700 the night before.

There were 297 cars set on fire compared with Thursday's 1,900, while 34 buildings were damaged or set ablaze compared with more than 500 on Thursday.

At the weekend, the family of Nahel, the teenager who was killed by police, called for the violence to end.

His grandmother accused rioters of using Nahel's death as an excuse and urged them to stop destroying public goods.

Another relative told the BBC that the family did not want his death to spark riots, but insisted the law around lethal force at traffic stops must change.

She also said her "heart is in pain" about a GoFundMe page for the family of the police officer who shot Nahel, which as of Monday had raised more than €1.1m (£956,200) and was growing steadily.

The fundraiser, which was set up by a far-right media commentator, has been criticised by several politicians - but the platform told French newspaper Le Parisien that GoFundMe's terms and conditions were not being broken because the funds are destined for the officer's family and "not meant for the legal defence of an alleged violent crime".

A fundraiser for Nahel's family was set up on a different platform and had raised €215,000 (£184,862) on Monday afternoon.

Meanwhile, French regional authorities are starting to announce financial support measures for looted businesses and hospitality venues.

Grants will be made available for business owners in Marseille and funding in the Paris region will help to restore the public buildings that were damaged and looted.

But there are concerns that the spate of violence might have a long-term effect on the tourism sector just as the summer season begins.

French media outlet Le Point quoted a tourism official as estimating that up to 25% of hotel bookings in Paris had already been cancelled.

The regional transport network for Ile-de-France told AFP that €20m in damage was caused to public transport, including "burned buses, a torched tramway, two damaged tramways and urban infrastructure which was smashed".

François Rial said that the riots posed "a real risk" to the image of France: "This is true even if the unrest subsides, as many tourists are allergic to risk."

On Tuesday, President Macron will meet the mayors of 220 municipal areas that have been affected by the violence.

Claire Robinson says the cuts are "wholly unacceptable"

Cuts to schools are "dire" and will affect support to the "most vulnerable children", according to a Belfast school principal.

Claire Robinson from Holy Evangelists' Primary School has written to parents urging them to fight budget cuts.

The school in Twinbrook has about 560 pupils, two-thirds of whom are entitled to free school meals.

There have been numerous cuts to support for children as the Department of Education tries to make savings.

Ms Robinson's intervention comes as the Children's Law Centre told Secretary of State Chris Heaton-Harris that it will take legal action unless he takes steps "to assess how to protect children from the cumulative effects of the budget cuts".

In her letter Ms Robinson said Holy Evangelist had a "huge cut" of about £100,000 to its budget for 2023-24, as the school had lost funding for a number of services.

"Every decision we make always has your children at the heart, but I do feel it is now vital that you know the reality we are facing," she told parents.

Nurture units are special classes in which small groups of pupils receive specialist teaching and support

The school is one of 62 primaries which have a "nurture unit", a special class in which small groups of pupils receive specialist teaching and support.

But funding for those classes has been reduced.

Like others, the school has also lost funding for things like counselling for pupils and will also be affected by cuts to sports coaching.

Ms Robinson said the cuts "will impact on how we support our most vulnerable children, those with needs".

"Those children who struggled in the aftermath of the pandemic now won't get any additional support classes which is a travesty," she continued.

"This is a dire situation and those who suffer will be your children, future generations and staff who will be feeling the pressure like never before.

"I for one think this is wholly unacceptable."

Ms Robinson also said the school would have to end providing a free snack at breaktime to pupils.

"From September children will need to bring a healthy snack each day."

The principal also apologised to parents that costs for the school's breakfast and after-schools clubs would increase by 50p an hour.

"For this I am sorry, but we can't continue to offer these services at the current rate," she wrote.

Ms Robinson asked parents to "stand up and fight for the children" by contacting politicians or the media.

"Shout from the roof tops, because our children matter," she concluded.

Fergal McFerran, of the Children's Law Centre said Mr Heaton-Harris had "utterly failed" to apply the principle of equality when setting his budget.

"We fear the cumulative impact his budget will have on children and young people will be severe, particularly those most disadvantaged. We already see this in our everyday work," he said.

The Children's Law Centre has also written to Mr Heaton-Harris, telling him it will seek leave to apply to the High Court for judicial review unless the NI secretary takes action.

Violence broke out on the sidelines of the G7 summit in Hiroshima as riot police wrestled people protesting the meeting of world leaders.

Police could be seen pinning protesters to the ground on Sunday after a brawl broke out.

The demonstration was organised by various far-left groups. Those who took part included the extremist group Revolutionary Communist League National Committee, which denounces the G7 summit as a conference of "imperialism for nuclear war".

The G7 comprises the US, UK, Canada, France, Germany, Italy and Japan – and eight other nations have been invited this year. They're meeting to discuss the war in Ukraine and other foreign policy points - including their relationships with China.

Visitors to Dorset's Jurassic Coast have been warned after a large section of cliff collapsed on to a beach.

The overnight landslip occurred at Seatown Beach, near West Bay, along the same section of coastline as another collapse in 2021.

Dorset and Wiltshire Fire and Rescue Service urged walkers to "stay away from cliff edges and don't sit at the base of the cliffs".

It added there was a greater risk of cliff falls due to recent dry weather.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Dorset Council also issued a warning that said the slips continued to move and were still "dangerous to walk over".

It said the latest landslip seemed to be "another movement of the older slipped material".

Dorset Council said it would continue to monitor the situation

"This movement may leave the remaining vertical faces even more vulnerable to further collapse now, especially where any remaining cracks are still present," the council added.

The authority said it would continue to monitor these and other active cliffs along the Jurassic coast.

Dorset Council said the coastal path at the top was moved back three years ago from the edge due to the cracking

Follow BBC South on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to south.newsonline@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The syndrome was first reported by diplomats at the US embassy in Cuba in 2016

A mysterious illness that has affected US diplomats in recent years has been linked to a Russian intelligence unit.

Personnel stationed around the globe with "Havana Syndrome" have reported unexplained symptoms such as dizziness.

They may have been targeted by Russian sonic weaponry, according to a joint investigation by The Insider, Der Spiegel and CBS's 60 Minutes.

Moscow has denied the accusations. US officials previously said it was unlikely a foreign power was to blame.

But in their assessment of "anomalous health incidents" (AHIs) - which was delivered last year - they did not give any alternative explanation, frustrating those who have been affected.

The American officials also acknowledged there were varying levels of confidence in the assessment between the different intelligence agencies involved.

The phenomenon gets its name from Cuba's capital Havana - where the first case was detected in 2016 - though the new report suggests the first cases may have happened in Germany two years earlier.

Other cases have been reported around the world, from Washington to China.

On Monday, the Pentagon said that a senior defence department official attending meetings at last year's Nato summit in Lithuania had experienced symptoms similar to Havana syndrome.

American personnel struck with the condition - including White House, CIA and FBI staff - have complained of dizziness, headaches, difficulty concentrating and an intense and painful sound in their ears.

More than 1,000 reports of the mysterious ailment have been made, with dozens of cases still officially considered unexplained. US lawmakers have passed legislation aimed at supporting victims.

However, a National Institutes of Health (NIH) study published last month said MRI scans had failed to detect evidence of brain injuries in dozens of US personnel who reported AHIs.

There has long been a suspicion that those affected have been hit by directed energy or microwaves fired from hidden devices - a possibility that was acknowledged in an earlier US intelligence report.

The fresh media investigation alleges that members of a specific Russian military intelligence unit - known as 29155 - may have targeted the brains of US diplomats with "directed energy" weapons.

It says there is evidence that places members of the unit in cities around the world at times when US personnel reported incidents.

The secretive unit undertakes foreign operations and has been linked to incidents including the attempted poisoning in the UK in 2018 of Sergei Skripal, a former Russian spy.

As part of the investigation, The Insider - a Russia-focused site - reported that an officer in the 29155 unit had been rewarded for their work related to the development of "non-lethal acoustic weapons".

An American military investigator examining instances of the syndrome told 60 Minutes that the common link between victims of the syndrome was a "Russia nexus".

Greg Edgreen explained: "There was some angle where they had worked against Russia, focused on Russia, and done extremely well."

He also said the official US bar of proof to show Russian involvement had been set too high, as his country did not want to "face some very hard truths".

In response to the media investigation, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said: "No one has ever published or expressed any convincing evidence of these unfounded accusations anywhere. So, all of those are nothing more than unfounded accusations."

One victim of the syndrome - an FBI agent - told 60 Minutes about her experience of being hit by a powerful force at her home in Florida 2021.

"Bam, inside my right ear, it was like a dentist drilling on steroids," she told the programme. "That feeling when it gets too close to your eardrum? It's like that, times 10."

The woman - known as Carrie - said she ultimately passed out, and later had issues with memory and concentration.

Responding to the report, US officials told CBS News, the BBC's US partner, that they would "continue to closely examine anomalous health incidents", but repeated their position that it was "very unlikely a foreign adversary is responsible".

But they said they did "not call into question the very real experiences and symptoms that our colleagues and their family members have reported", saying their work on such incidents was a priority.

John Bolton, who served as Donald Trump's national security adviser, said the new allegations are "very concerning".

"I don't think the government, frankly, when I was there, took it seriously, enough," he told CNN. "I don't think they've taken it seriously enough since then,"

But Republican Senator JD Vance, a top Trump ally, rubbished the report, writing on X: "Feels like a lot of journalists have lost their minds".

BBC World Service - What in the World: What's causing Havana Syndrome?

Turkish voters are faced with a momentous choice which will affect their country's political and economic future

Turks are at a historic turning point - whether to keep their leader of more than 20 years or change to a more pro-Western path and roll back some of his sweeping presidential powers.

President Recep Tayyip Erdogan is favourite to win Sunday's run-off vote, and promises a strong, multilateral Turkey. He says opposition claims of a dictatorship are smear campaigns and pure nonsense.

His chief rival, Kemal Kilicdaroglu, backed by a broad opposition, has billed the vote as a referendum on the future direction of Turkey and has sought the support of nationalist voters to increase his chance of victory.

Since 2017, Mr Erdogan has run Turkey with extensive presidential power, from a vast palace in Ankara. As executive president he can declare a state of emergency and can pick or dismiss civil servants.

He accuses his opponents of being "pro-LGBT", while his Islamist-rooted party positions itself as on the side of the family and highlights its success in modernising Turkey.

If he wins on Sunday, not much will change, says Selim Koru, a member of Turkey's Tepav think tank. His powers are already so broad he won't seek to extend them further, he says.

But Alp Yenen, lecturer in Turkish studies at Leiden University, believes if Turkey's rampant inflation of more than 43% endures, the president's AK Party could accelerate what has been "a slow pace of authoritarianism".

The man seeking to replace Mr Erdogan wants to scrap the presidential system brought in five years ago and return to a parliament and prime minister in charge. Independent courts and a free press would follow.

President Erdogan acquired sweeping executive powers in the aftermath of the botched coup against him in 2016

The president would become apolitical and the other five parties in the Kilicdaroglu alliance would each have a vice president, along with the two centre-left mayors of Ankara and Istanbul.

But Mr Erdogan's party and its nationalist and conservative allies have secured a majority in parliament and if the opposition alliance were to win the presidency they might struggle to push through their reforms.

Turkey is part of the West's Nato defensive alliance, but the Erdogan presidency has sought close ties with China and Russia too, buying a Russian S-400 air defence system and inaugurating a Russian-built nuclear plant - Turkey's first - ahead of the election.

He advocates a multilateral stance, viewing Turkey as "an island of peace and security", and offering Ankara as a mediator in the Russian war in Ukraine.

His opponent and his allies, meanwhile, want to return to the process of joining the European Union and restore Turkey's military ties with the US, while maintaining relations with Russia.

If Mr Erdogan stays in power then Selim Koru believes he will continue to push Turkey away from the West, without leaving Nato. "He wants to get Turkey to a point in the medium term or distant future where Nato membership is irrelevant."

This election is being watched very carefully by 3.5 million Syrian refugees who have temporary protection in Turkey, because Kemal Kilicdaroglu wants to send them home fast.

That's a major worry for Syrians, who came here mainly in the first six years of the war until 2017.

Not least because, after the opposition leader trailed in the first round, he made refugees and irregular migrants the number one issue of his campaign. He needs the vote of almost 2.8 million Turks who supported an ultranationalist candidate in the first round.

He has accused President Erdogan of bringing 10 million migrants into Turkey, and he is talking about Syrians, but Iranians, Afghans and Pakistanis too.

More than 80% of Turks want the Syrians to go home, and yet more than 700,000 Syrians are in Turkish schools and 880,000 Syrian babies have been born in Turkey since 2011.

"I cannot understand how they would leave this life and go back to Syria," says Prof Murat Erdogan, who conducts Syrians' Barometer, a regular field study on Syrians in Turkey.

Kemal Kilicdaroglu says he will negotiate the Syrians' return with Damascus, but as Syria insists on Turkey leaving its 30km (18-mile) buffer zone over the border, that runs the risk of Syria launching attacks on the zone and sparking a new wave of refugees.

Turkey's government says more than half a million Syrian refugees have returned home, but the opposition wants more to leave

The opposition leader knows full well an agreement would take up to two years, and he would ask the United Nations to oversee it. But Murat Erdogan believes it could take a decade to implement.

President Erdogan has sought to defuse the issue, by promising to speed up the voluntary repatriation of a million Syrians through an agreement with President Bashar al-Assad. The idea of Syrians returning voluntarily seems far-fetched but Turkish state media reported that work on building 5,000 flats in Syria had already begun.

Turkey's Kurds make up as much as a fifth of the 85 million population and they have a big stake in this election.

The pro-Kurdish party, which attracted almost 9% of the parliamentary vote, publicly backed Kemal Kilicdaroglu for president and sees the vote as a historic moment to get rid of a "one-man regime".

President Erdogan has accused him of surrendering to the "blackmail" and agenda of both the pro-Kurdish party and PKK militants, who are seen by Turkey and the West as terrorists.

But Kurdish voters are alarmed the opposition challenger has aligned himself with a far-right leader on fighting "terrorism", because that usually refers to Kurdish militants.

Mr Kilicdaroglu has also agreed that Kurdish mayors can be replaced by trustees appointed by Ankara in so-called "terror" cases.

The pro-Kurdish party's co-chair Pervin Buldan has fully backed the opposition leader, but that does not mean all Kurdish voters will follow suit.

"Getting the nationalist vote is a possibility but there's a risk in losing the Kurdish vote - it's a delicate balance - how do you get them without losing Kurds?" asks Alp Yenen.

Ahead of the first round it was the state of Turkey's economy that was foremost in voters' minds, before the refugee issue came to the fore.

Inflation is officially 43.68%, and Turks have had a cost of living crisis far more severe than most. Many will tell you the real inflation rate feels far higher.

The early Erdogan years were a byword for strong economic growth and enormous construction projects. And Turkey always stuck closely to the terms of its loan agreements with the IMF.

But in recent years his government has abandoned orthodox economic policy. It gradually eroded the independence of the central bank, sacking three of its governors in quick succession, says Selva Demiralp, professor of economics at Koc University.

Inflation soared, as interest rates were kept low - while Turkey's currency the lira depreciated to improve the trade balance and boost exports.

Official inflation rates have fallen to 44% but Turks say the real inflation rate in shops and markets feels higher

Mr Erdogan still promises high growth, six million new jobs and a big push for tourism, but Prof Demiralp believes his policies will keep inflation as high as 45% for months to come.

If Kemal Kilicdaroglu and his allies win the presidency and parliament, she believes a return to orthodox economic policies and an independent central bank will lower inflation to 30% by the end of 2023 and it will continue to go down after that.

The boy fell from the roof at Edinburgh Waverley railway station

A 20-year-old man and 18-year-old woman have been charged after a boy was electrocuted in a fall at Edinburgh Waverley railway station.

The 16-year-old suffered serious injuries after falling from the roof on to overhead lines, near the entrance on Waverley Bridge.

He remains in hospital in a stable condition after the incident on 8 May.

British Transport Police said the man and woman had been charged with culpable and reckless conduct.

Officers appealed for witnesses to the incident to contact them.

A report will be submitted to the procurator fiscal.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

When are you going to feel better off?

How politicians answer that big question sets the terms for the next election. The response is certainly not this week.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak might have told MPs "we are halving inflation" but repeating that political slogan in the Commons doesn't make it true. In fact he was wrong - just as economic sages were mistaken.

Prices went up faster in February than in January - which came as a surprise to the experts. Interest rates edged up too and will make rent, mortgages and credit more expensive.

The message to workers, firms and families this week is bleak - your costs are going up but don't ask for a pay rise and don't put your prices up if you're a business.

There is no shortage of evidence of how hard it is for millions of families to pay the bills. By the Treasury's admission inflation "strangles growth and erodes family budgets".

And its effects can be long-lasting. As one German economist said: "Inflation is like toothpaste. Once it's out, you can hardly get it back in again."

As an aside, even that essential item has gone up significantly, with one famous brand hiking prices of a tube from £3 to £4.

What the government hopes is that next month, and the month after that, and the month after that, the number crunchers are correct and inflation will drop pretty sharply by the end of the year and the toothpaste does, after all, go back in the tube.

But inflation slowing down doesn't mean prices will drop. What politicians and the public have to confront is that there could be many years where voters feel hard up.

For this week's show we asked Richard Hughes - the country's number cruncher in chief who runs the independent Office for Budget Responsibility - how he would answer that big question. If you're squeamish about your finances you might want to look away now.

He told me we're in the middle of "the biggest squeeze on living standards we've faced in this country on record" - but also it might be five or even six years before people start feeling more prosperous again.

As he put it: "People's real spending power doesn't get back to the level it was before the pandemic even after five years, even by the time we get to the late 2020s." Gulp.

There is also a separate and tricky conversation to be had about the influence of his organisation, the OBR.

Their work, famously ignored by Liz Truss and Kwasi Kwarteng when they were in charge, tells governments how much they can spend and borrow if they want to stick to their own rules about when they will balance the country's books.

The idea is that with an independent body publicly checking ministers' arithmetic the public can have confidence in what's being done.

But their forecasts, as Mr Hughes happily admits, often turn out to be wrong, and change every six months. Yet they can have enormous influence over what politicians decide.

For example, several sources told me the government only decided to expand childcare in the recent Budget because the OBR told them more than half of the cost would be covered by the benefit of getting some parents back to work.

You can, as many politicians do, believe in the merits of having an independent expert cast their eye over the figures, but also have quiet concerns about how the OBR can draw the limits of political conversations when its forecasts - through no fault of its own - change dramatically.

Whether you are asking an economist, a politician, or just looking at your own bank balance, the broad assessment is not likely to shift - times are tough for the foreseeable future.

Inflation - the politicians' nightmare - is likely to drop by the end of the year, but Rishi Sunak and Keir Starmer are going to have to tempt you to the ballot box in 2024 when the country still feels hard up.

We can already see the outlines of the Conservatives' script. With inflation (they fervently hope) down and the economy (fingers crossed) avoiding recession there will, ministers believe, be signs the country's fortunes have turned and they can persuade hard-up voters to stick with them.

As one minister says: "The argument we want to make is 'I'm just starting to feel better off, don't risk it'."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: So we just have to accept life will be even harder, chancellor?

We've lived through unprecedented hard times, they'll argue, and things are getting better so don't take a chance on something new.

The aspiration is also that ministers will be able to start cutting taxes again - perhaps in the autumn of this year or more likely next spring.

One former cabinet minister says voters will start to feel better off once a Conservative government is re-elected because they hope they'll be able to say during the campaign that "inflation is lower, wages outstripping inflation" and they have a "clear plan for the economy".

Even if Rishi Sunak becomes an expert in political gymnastics it's unlikely the Conservatives will avoid taking any flak for the hammering incomes have taken while they've been in charge.

But you can expect in the next few months for ministers to emphasise more regularly the help that's already on offer - whether that's cheaper bus fares or the hugely expensive energy price guarantee.

If you ask Labour politicians when the country will feel better off the answer is also far in the future.

One shadow minister says the decline in living standards has been "brutal" while another says "people are not going to feel better off for a very long time".

Even if inflation does start to slow, if you believe the polls that show Labour way ahead the tough economic reality for many families gives them a political advantage.

However strongly the Conservatives argue they've had to deal with unprecedented pressures, hard-up voters do not tend to reward those in charge. But wise Labour heads are all too aware that successful oppositions don't just say "we're not the other guys".

That's why we're seeing the leadership put so much time and effort into trying to create a sense they would spend taxpayers' money wisely and talk repeatedly about how they would get the economy to grow.

The shadow minister believes Labour tends to win when it offers "hope after years when the Tories look a bit clapped out".

So when we ask "when are you going to start feeling better off?" the answer is "not much, if at all, before the next election".

It's likely that vote will happen when there is not much cash in our own pockets or the public purse.

And we face a conversation where the Conservatives seize on any signs of progress to claim a change is not worth the risk while Labour highlights the hard times we have been living through and says it's time for something else.

Just like economic forecasts, political predictions can turn out to be miles off. And of course, how we make a living and how the country pays its way is not the only factor determining how people vote.

But after years of hardship you'll be asked in the general election who you believe will help you be better off.

The answer millions of voters give will likely determine who takes No 10.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch the moment a man drives his Range Rover in front of an oncoming train

A businessman had a close brush with disaster after he drove his Range Rover in front of an oncoming train.

Dalat Gulzar, 51, of Mill Lane, Chester, ignored signs and warning lights when he drove across the level crossing at Llanbedr station, Gwynedd.

Mold Crown Court heard heard he risked the lives of his and the train's passengers in a "moment of absolute madness".

Following a trial Gulzar was banned from driving for 12 months.

Footage played in court showed his black Range Rover driving across the train tracks, seemingly unaware of the approaching train on 19 June last year.

Shocked onlookers waiting to board the train from the station are seen holding their hands to their mouths as they witness the near miss.

The court heard the train's emergency brakes had to be applied.

Gulzar, of Mill Lane, Chester, pleaded not guilty to dangerous driving but was convicted by a jury.

Nathan Goldstein, defending, said his client was a "hard working family man" who experienced a "moment of absolute madness" that will have a profound effect upon his life.

The court heard Gulzar was of previous good character and that he would suffer as a result of a driving ban.

It was told he might have to close his business if he was unable to serve his customers.

Judge Wyn Lloyd-Jones told Gulzar he had fallen below the standards of a careful and competent driver, and he could have caused "serious injury or death".

Sentencing him on Wednesday, the judge said: "It's obvious the train driver who gave evidence suffered emotionally as a result of what unfolded before him.

"One of the things he said was this was one of the nearest misses he has had.

"CCTV from the train made for shocking viewing."

Gulzar was sentenced to a 12-month community order, ordered to carry out 120 hours unpaid work and to pay £2,400 court costs.

Gulzar was also banned from from driving for 12 months.

"It's an absolute warzone here."

That's how the BBC reporter Tomos Morgan described the aftermath of a riot that broke out in Cardiff on Monday after two teenage boys died in a crash.

Cars were set alight and objects and fireworks were thrown at police as 100 to 150 people gathered in Ely.

Up to 12 officers may also have been injured in the disorder, South Wales Police and Crime Commissioner Alun Michael said.

A Nationwide advert featuring actor Dominic West that claimed the building society was not closing branches has been banned.

The Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) said in fact that Nationwide had been closing branches.

It was also not clear enough that a Nationwide promise not to close any more would end in 2026, the watchdog added.

One of the complaints against the ads had been made by Santander.

The bank had been referenced in the ads, but said it had closed fewer branches than Nationwide in the year before the ad campaign.

Banks have been closing branches for a number of decades. In the mid-1980s there were more than 21,000 branches, but this had more than halved by the 2020s.

More recently, banks have been saying that changing customer habits and increasing use of online banking have meant less demand.

However, branch closures have hit many groups of people, including those with disabilities, older people, those living in rural areas, and small businesses, according to a recent House of Lords report.

The Nationwide ad campaign featured Dominic West as the boss of a fictional big bank who mocks customers while planning branch closures. Mr West has previously played Jimmy McNulty in popular series The Wire and Prince Charles in Netflix's runaway hit series, The Crown. The ads ran on TV, the radio, and in the press.

In the ad, the fictional bank is contrasted with Nationwide, with the slogan: "Unlike the big banks we're not closing our branches."

The ads called out Lloyds Banking Group, which includes Bank of Scotland and Halifax, as well as Natwest, Barclays, Santander and HSBC.

The ads had 281 complainants, including from Santander, which said that Nationwide had recently closed or reduced opening hours at a number of branches, and challenged whether the ads were misleading.

By contrast, Nationwide closed two branches in 2023, but had closed 14 branches in the 12 months prior to the campaign.

Over a 10-year period, Nationwide closed 152, or 20% of its branches. Although this was a smaller percentage than the competitors it called out in its ads, it was still a "significant number", the ASA said.

In addition, Nationwide made a "branch promise" in 2019 not to leave a town or city where there is a branch, unless there are "circumstances outside of our control".

The building society updated this in 2023, committing to not close any branches until at least 2026. It then extended that until 2028.

The ASA found the ads had not made it clear enough that this promise was potentially only short term.

Nationwide said: "The investment we have made to keep branches open means we now have more than any other brand and are the last one standing in more than 90 communities."

A spokesperson added that the building society was "delighted to have the opportunity to make even clearer our now extended branch promise to keep every branch open until the start of 2028".

Mae Muller was the last to perform in the Eurovision running order - which is traditionally a tricky spot

Mae Muller came into Eurovision riding a wave of positivity.

Sam Ryder ended the UK's losing streak in Turin last year by doing the unthinkable - entering a decent song - and the thinking went: Why not do that again?

Mae obliged with a slick, sassy pop song that echoed recent chart trends. I Wrote A Song had the disco undercurrents of Dua Lipa, the lyrics were memorable, and it was eminently shareable on TikTok.

The public seemed to agree. Mae's song picked up tonnes of airplay, and more than eight million streams on Spotify. Bookmakers predicted she would finish in the top 10. Everyone from Ringo Starr to Lana Del Rey offered their support.

In the run-up to Eurovision, there was negative chatter about Mae's rehearsals. Her vocals were flat, insiders said, and the choreography was wooden.

But on the night, she brought out the big guns. Mae sang better than she'd done all week. Her dance moves were snappy and confident. The audience at the Liverpool Arena were ecstatic...

And then it all went wrong.

Eurovision juries gave the song 15 points. The public awarded her nine. She ended the night in 25th place, out of 26.

Mae Muller reacts to the UK's low score in the Eurovision green room

"Undeserved. Very undeserved," said Eurovision fan Craig Andrew, who watched the horror unfold at Liverpool's Euroclub.

"I thought her vocal was flawless. She was so good on the night, but what can you do?"

"I think it was much better than that, genuinely," agreed fellow fan Gaja Gazdic. "In this crowd, it was very well received."

Gaja Gazdic travelled to Liverpool to support Mae in the contest

The first thing to remember is that no-one votes against you at Eurovision, they vote for the songs they like. And if your vibe is hyper-catchy, female-fronted pop, you were spoiled for choice.

Sweden's Loreen won the contest with the supersonic club anthem Tattoo - and Norway's Alessandra was close behind her in the public vote with Queen Of Kings, a thunderous pop anthem that was equal parts Lady Gaga and Nordic folklore.

Both of them were stronger singers, with stronger songs, than Mae, and they soaked up a lot of her potential votes.

In retrospect, there's also a peculiar Britishness to I Wrote A Song that might not have translated outside the UK.

It's a pithy, sarcastic track about taking revenge on an ex-boyfriend - not by trashing their car or burning their house down, but by writing an excoriating song about how rubbish they are.

In a contest where the top songs all featured sincere, straightforward messages about overcoming adversity and standing up for love, Mae's post-modern, meta-textual lyrics failed to find an audience.

Austria's hotly tipped Who The Hell Is Edgar? took a similar approach and met a similar fate, coming 15th.

Complexity simply isn't your friend when you've only got three minutes to make an impression.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

In the press room, questions were also raised about the concept underlying Mae's performance. In particular, the liberal use of wide shots and Pop Art video installations meant TV audiences couldn't always appreciate the singer's cheeky charisma.

"I think it's an excellent song, but the staging wasn't great," said Ken Olausson of Sweden's QX magazine.

"The whole feeling of female power that's in the song when you hear it on the radio, it wasn't on stage.

"I don't know if they lost her in a lot of props, but the power didn't come through."

This YouTube post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on YouTube The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. YouTube content may contain adverts. Skip youtube video by Eurovision Song Contest This article contains content provided by Google YouTube. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Google’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. YouTube content may contain adverts.

On social media, TV viewers complained that Mae's vocals had been too low in the mix.

"You could barely hear her over her music," wrote one. "Something sounded off with the sound production for Mae Muller," agreed another.

"She can obviously sing, but it all sounded quiet."

"The question you have to ask yourself is this: Was the UK performance in your top 10 tonight out of the 26 that took part?" asks Eurovisioncast's Daniel Rosney.

"If it was, then great because you would have given Mae Muller some points. But if it only just made your top 10, that's not how you win Eurovision."

The singer's staging was called into question

After the results were announced, Mae took to Twitter to share her thoughts.

"I know I joke a lot, but we really put our all into the last few months," she said, "Not the result we hoped for but so proud of everyone and what we achieved.

"Congrats to all the countries, I'll never forget this journey and I love you all."

You could feel her pain. She's been a great ambassador for Eurovision; and she kept up the UK's momentum of sending non-terrible songs to the contest. Some of the acts that placed ahead of her were objectively worse.

So what's next for the UK? Earlier this week, Radio 2's Eurovision commentators Scott Mills and Rylan Clark offered some perspective on the UK's Eurovision journey.

"It's impossible to repeat what happened last year, because it just doesn't happen," said Mills.

"But what we need to do is show Europe that we care and that we're taking it seriously. Mae is great, and while Europe used to say, 'Hang on a minute, why aren't the UK any good at this?' they're not saying that now."

Swedish star Loreen became the first woman ever to win Eurovision twice, with her song Tattoo

"For reasons I've never been clear on, the host country tends to struggle with points after its success the previous year," observes Daniel Rosney.

That's especially true for Portugal: In 2017, in their 49th appearance at the contest, the country won for the first time, with Salvador Sobral's Amar Pelos Dois. The following year, they finished last.

"Things like that have always been a bit of an enigma," says Ricardo Duarte, who's been covering Eurovision for Portuguese queer website Dezanove.

"But we persevered. We continued. We did not qualify the year after - but we got 12th place in 2021 and ninth place in 2022.

"We've had our ups and downs, and so will every other country."

And that's the message Mae and the team behind the BBC's Eurovision bid will need to bear in mind today. Outside the bubble of the contest, Mae's song has been a hit. She's a ready-made pop star, who just performed to a global TV audience of more than 160 million people.

This won't be the last we've heard of her.

The asteroid will be visible from Earth through binoculars

An asteroid large enough to destroy a city has passed between the orbits of the Earth and the Moon - luckily for us, missing both.

As predicted by scientists, it passed within 175,000km of the Earth on Saturday after flying past the Moon.

It is rare for such a huge asteroid - estimated to be between 40 and 90m in diameter - to come so close to the planet.

Astronomers described it as a once-in-a decade event.

According to Nasa, it was an important opportunity for astronomers to increase their knowledge of asteroids, in the event that a dangerous object were discovered with the potential to hit Earth.

"There is no chance of this 'city killer' striking Earth, but its close approach offers a great opportunity for observations," said the European Space Agency's planetary defence chief, Richard Moissl.

But he added that more data was needed to determine the asteroid's composition.

With such a close pass of the Earth, the asteroid was visible through binoculars and small telescopes across the globe.

A live web broadcast of its approach was provided by The Virtual Telescope Project.

The object looks set to return towards Earth's orbit in 2026, but scientists have ruled it out as a threat to the planet on that occasion, too.

Earlier this month, a similarly sized asteroid, 2023 DW, was briefly given a one-in-432 chance of hitting Earth on Valentine's Day 2046.

Moissl said 2023 DW was now expected to miss Earth by some 4.3 million km.

Even if such an asteroid was determined to be heading our way, Earth is no longer defenceless.

Last year, NASA's Dart (Double Asteroid Redirection Test) spacecraft deliberately slammed into the pyramid-sized asteroid Dimorphos.

Before Dart's impact, it took Dimorphos 11 hours and 55 minutes to orbit its larger parent asteroid, Didymos.

"I had hope that the British were coming to save us, but after a while I gave up hope," British national Einas Khojaly told the BBC's Tom Bateman upon arriving in Egypt.

Her father - heart surgeon Kamal Ahmed Khojaly - described the fear in Khartoum as bombs struck and water stopped flowing.

The UK's first evacuation flight carrying British citizens from Sudan landed in Cyprus on Tuesday.

More flights are expected as the military attempts to get hundreds out of the war-torn country during a 72-hour ceasefire.

More on this story here.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

A Scottish Tory MSP has defended the UK government changing its position on a UK-wide recycling scheme, which casts doubt over Scottish plans.

Glass bottles were a key part of Scottish government proposals for the deposit return scheme (DRS).

But UK ministers excluded glass from English and Northern Irish schemes shortly before granting Scotland a key exemption to internal market rules.

Maurice Golden said the UK government had reacted to industry concerns.

The scheme is aimed at increasing the number of single-use drinks bottles and cans that are recycled.

It means 20p will be added to the price of a single-use drinks container, which will be refunded to people who return it to a retailer or hospitality premises that offer single-use products.

But some firms feared it would place extra costs and other burdens on them at a time when they are already struggling.

Scotland's scheme is due to start in March while other UK nations will launch similar schemes in 2025.

In order to do this, the Scottish government needed an exemption from the Internal Market Act - legislation introduced after Brexit to ensure smooth trade across the UK.

The UK government granted this on Saturday, but it only covered PET plastic, aluminium and steel cans.

The drinks industry previously shared concerns about the scheme's readiness

Ministers said they wanted to ensure the Scottish scheme "aligned" with plans in other nations.

In a letter to the first minister on Friday night, they said including glass "would have created a potentially permanent divergence from the schemes planned for England and Northern Ireland".

Proposals in Wales however still include glass bottles.

Humza Yousaf accused the UK government of trying to "sabotage" the DRS in Scotland, as businesses had already signed up to and spent money on a scheme including glass.

He said he would have to hold urgent talks with businesses and examine the viability of the Scottish scheme.

Humza Yousaf said UK ministers had "demanded" that glass be exempt from the scheme

In their 2019 manifesto, the UK Conservatives said they wanted a DRS that included glass - something Mr Golden said was "common sense".

On Sunday the MSP said schemes work best "when you're encouraging consistent consumer behaviour".

Speaking to BBC Scotland, he said: "Since the position four years ago what we've seen is that industry has lost support for the scheme in Scotland.

"Consumers are increasingly concerned and ultimately what I'm proposing is that we salvage the scheme. I think from listening to businesses that unfortunately does not include glass at this stage."

He added that Circular Economy Minister Lorna Slater, who has been driving the introduction of the DRS in Scotland, had "turned her back" on a re-melting target.

He said this would lead to glass going into aggregate instead of back into bottles.

However Circularity Scotland, which is in charge of administering the DRS, said this claim was "entirely untrue" as it had its own target for 90% of recycled glass to be used in glass-making.

Lorna Slater said excluding glass was a last minute change of the goal posts

Meanwhile Mr Golden said the scheme in Wales still included glass because the Welsh government had not applied for any exemption to start the DRS ahead of 2025.

Ms Slater told the BBC's Sunday Politics show UK's position would also have implications for the Welsh plans.

She said: "Rishi Sunak, Alistair Jack even Douglas Ross all stood for election in 2019 on a manifesto that promised a deposit return scheme with glass. Now they have decided to remove glass from England's scheme alone, which is a change from what we had all agreed as four nations.

"Wales has yet to pass their regulations and I feel that it is likely that they would come up against exactly the same issues we've had.

"We have been working very well with the UK government all this time. This is a bit of a shock for them to suddenly move the goal posts on us at the last minute."

The British Soft Drinks Association (BSDA) has said the "only viable option now" was for a UK-wide initiative to be launched across all four nations in 2025.

The deposit return scheme is the latest policy which sees the Scottish and UK governments butting heads.

For people not involved in day-to-day politics, it's perhaps hard to understand why it functions so easily in, say, Germany - but yet seems impossible to work in Scotland.

Cross-border trade is the issue - and there being no blocks to that.

DRS can go ahead - but without glass, say UK ministers.

The Conservative MSP Maurice Golden said in 2019 that including glass was "common sense", but industry's now turned its back on that.

England and Northern Ireland won't be including glass in 2025 - Wales want to but Mr Golden told me they've not asked for an exemption request from the UK government.

It maybe now sounds like if they do, they won't get it.

If you're drinking from the pro-independence bottle you're probably frustrated by the UK government and think Scotland should go it alone.

If it's the pro-union bottle, you probably think a UK-wide scheme is much more sensible.

It all comes down to your favourite tipple.

The current exam system was described as "no longer fit for purpose"

A radical review of school qualifications in Scotland is to be published before the end of the month.

The review was commissioned by the Scottish government to look at how well the system is working after Standard Grades were abolished 10 years ago.

There is speculation it could recommend an end to exams for fourth year pupils and for some qualifications.

Pupils could be assessed on coursework and receive qualifications that recognise extra-curricular activities.

The review is being chaired by the academic Louise Hayward and was always expected to be "bold" in its thinking.

The interim report, published in March, said the current exam system was "no longer fit for purpose".

National 4 and 5 qualifications, normally taken by 15 and 16-year-olds, were introduced in 2013/14.

There are two distinct questions: should there be exams for particular qualifications, and when should students sit exams for the first time?

There is a long-standing argument that senior students sit too many exams - and that by removing exams in S4, students could spend more time working towards obtaining their first formal qualifications the following year, at the end of S5.

The review is also likely to address whether there is even a need for National 4 qualifications or exams for National 5 candidates.

There are no exams for National 4 qualifications and some contend that National 5s could also be obtained through coursework and continuing assessment.

Any fundamental changes to the qualification system would be a decision for Scottish government ministers and parliament.

When the new qualifications system was introduced, a handful of schools decided not to routinely present students for exams in S4.

At Hermitage Academy in Helensburgh, Argyll and Bute, this proved hugely controversial and pressure from parents led to their reintroduction.

Ministers are likely to seek the views of parents and employers - as well as education professionals - before they contemplate any fundamental changes.

A government spokesperson told BBC Scotland: "The recommendations of the final report will be carefully considered and the Scottish government will respond in due course."

Jenny Gilruth has said Scotland needed to "future-proof our qualifications"

She said there was a need to "future-proof our qualifications" and they may look "radically different" in the future, adding it was essential that pupils were assessed continuously throughout the academic year.

Scotland's education and exams agencies are already to be scrapped and replaced by the summer of 2024 after another report said there was too much focus on exams in schools.

The overhaul will include government bodies Scottish Qualifications Authority (SQA), Education Scotland and a separate school inspection agency.

Pupils across Scotland are currently waiting for the results of this year's written exams, to be published on 8 August. They were the last of three years of altered assessments designed to mitigate disruption caused by Covid.

The SQA said its grading would be "sensitive" this year because of the continuing impact of the pandemic.

It has taken similar steps to last year to help students, such as removing or reducing exams or elements of coursework, but plans for exams to go fully back to normal next year.

Sam Altman testified before a US Senate Committee about the potential of artificial intelligence - and its risks

The creator of advanced chatbot ChatGPT has called on US lawmakers to regulate artificial intelligence (AI).

Sam Altman, the CEO of OpenAI, the company behind ChatGPT, testified before a US Senate committee on Tuesday about the possibilities - and pitfalls - of the new technology.

In a matter of months, several AI models have entered the market.

Mr Altman said a new agency should be formed to license AI companies.

ChatGPT and other similar programmes can create incredibly human-like answers to questions - but can also be wildly inaccurate.

Mr Altman, 38, has become a spokesman of sorts for the burgeoning industry. He has not shied away from addressing the ethical questions that AI raises, and has pushed for more regulation.

He said that AI could be as big as "the printing press" but acknowledged its potential dangers.

"I think if this technology goes wrong, it can go quite wrong...we want to be vocal about that," Mr Altman said. "We want to work with the government to prevent that from happening."

He also admitted the impact that AI could have on the economy, including the likelihood that AI technology could replace some jobs, leading to layoffs in certain fields.

"There will be an impact on jobs. We try to be very clear about that," he said, adding that the government will "need to figure out how we want to mitigate that".

Mr Altman added, however, that he is "very optimistic about how great the jobs of the future will be".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Senator Richard Blumenthal uses ChatGPT to write his statement

However, some senators argued new laws were needed to make it easier for people to sue OpenAI.

Mr Altman told legislators he was worried about the potential impact on democracy, and how AI could be used to send targeted misinformation during elections - a prospect he said is among his "areas of greatest concerns".

"We're going to face an election next year," he said. "And these models are getting better."

He gave several suggestions for how a new agency in the US could regulate the industry - including "a combination of licensing and testing requirements" for AI companies, which he said could be used to regulate the "development and release of AI models above a threshold of capabilities".

He also said firms like OpenAI should be independently audited.

Republican Senator Josh Hawley said the technology could be revolutionary, but also compared the new tech to the invention of the "atomic bomb".

Democrat Senator Richard Blumenthal observed that an AI-dominated future "is not necessarily the future that we want".

"We need to maximize the good over the bad. Congress has a choice now. We had the same choice when we faced social media. We failed to seize that moment," he warned.

What was clear from the testimony is that there is bi-partisan support for a new body to regulate the industry.

However, the technology is moving so fast that legislators also wondered whether such an agency would be capable of keeping up.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Miyo Aoetsu says her speciality is a "fusion of Japanese and Western baking"

A green loaf of bread flavoured with matcha, white chocolate and fruit has been crowned the best loaf in Britain.

The bread, called Brioche Japonaise, was baked in Derbyshire by a woman who started baking as a hobby.

Miyo Aoetsu now runs Kuma-San Bakehouse professionally from her home in Matlock, supplying local businesses and baking loaves for customers to collect.

Her award-winning loaf was inspired by her Japanese heritage and also her time living in France.

"In my country it's quite common to use matcha for sweets, cakes, cookies and things like that," she said.

"There's the bitterness of the matcha and the sweetness of the chocolate and white fruit, so the balance of the taste is quite exciting."

The Brioche Japonaise was highly praised by judges

The bread won top spot in the Britain's Best Loaf competition, run by trade magazine British Baker, and also won the Innovation category.

Craft Bakers Association president Neil Woods said: "In all the years I've been judging, I haven't seen anything like this before."

The loaf was praised by the judges for its "outstanding use of ingredients, wonderful texture, and decadent white chocolate inclusions", which they said remained "almost gooey to deliver a wonderful eating experience".

Miyo now bakes her bread professionally from her home in Matlock, after starting as a hobby

Miyo first moved to the UK to study at the University of Manchester, where she met her husband.

The couple later lived in Luxembourg and France, where Miyo got a taste for French bread. She then started baking her own bread after moving back to England.

"I missed French bread a lot because it was very different from the bread here," she said.

"I started making my own bread as a hobby. However, when I baked for friends and family they really, really loved it, and they encouraged me to be a professional baker."

She said she was "very excited" to win awards for her Brioche Japonaise because it reflected her Japanese culture and identity.

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Detectives are watching 400,000 hours of footage in an attempt to find clues in the John Caldwell case, says Eamonn Corrigan

An estimated 400,000 hours of CCTV footage has been seized for analysis in the hunt for those involved in the shooting of a Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) detective.

The investigation into who shot Det Ch Insp John Caldwell is one of Northern Ireland's biggest in recent times.

He was attacked in February by two gunmen as he coached youth football while off-duty in Omagh, County Tyrone.

The 48-year-old's young son was at his side when he was ambushed.

The CCTV footage has been obtained from 750 cameras located between Belfast and Omagh.

Police believe dissident republican group the New IRA may have acted with an organised crime gang to carry out the attack.

Det Ch Insp Caldwell is in regular contact with the team investigating his shooting and there is an "added determination" to catch those responsible because he is a colleague.

Det Ch Supt Eamonn Corrigan, who is leading the attempted murder inquiry, said: "We are lucky John didn't die.

"He is making a good recovery but it is going to be a long road."

Det Ch Supt Corrigan said the wounded officer, who was discharged from hospital in April, has given investigators his account of the shooting.

He added the investigation had made "significant progress", but gave no further details.

It is an overwhelming amount of footage that has been seized - 16,000 days viewing if one person was to watch it from beginning to end.

Clearly the police have seized a lot more material than they may ultimately need because they want to have it before it is wiped or deleted.

The scale of the task is huge. What we can't really quantify is the scale of progress and whether or not they have had a significant breakthrough.

I left the CCTV viewing suite with the overriding impression that this is a resource hungry investigation.

It is clearly going to take a long time to build a case or indeed cases given the number of people the PSNI believe were involved.

To date, 15 people have been arrested and there have been 40 searches of premises and land.

More than 340 witnesses have been interviewed so far.

Two Ford Fiesta cars used in the attack had been bought about 70 miles away, in Glengormley and Ballyclare, County Antrim, weeks prior to be used in the shooting.

They were found burned out following the attack.

Attempting to trace their movements has meant obtaining footage from hundreds of cameras spread over a large area.

This car near a farmyard on the Racolpa Road outside Omagh is thought to have been used by the gunmen and was later burnt out

Detectives are poring over the material in several viewing rooms within a Belfast police base.

"All the detectives working on the case know the importance of CCTV and the fact that a 15 or 20-second piece of footage could be crucial in building a case," said Det Ch Supt Corrigan.

"An attack of this nature is carried out by multiple people who are organised.

"We are looking for movements of people and vehicles over time. It is time consuming and a lot of patience is required," he added.

The New IRA has admitted responsibility for the attack, but police believe a crime gang may have aided it.

Det Ch Insp Caldwell has run investigations into both paramilitary groups and organised crime gangs.

"Whether these people are members of a terrorist organisation or an organised crime organisation, this has been an attack on a serving police officer at the behest of the New IRA," Det Ch Supt Corrigan said.

"How they carry out their operations and support them logistically is not for me to decide.

"I will follow the evidence and bring people who are responsible before the courts."

Watch as Manchester City players bump into Elton John at the airport and serenade him with a rendition of Your Song after their 2-1 FA Cup final victory over Manchester United at Wembley.

WATCH MORE: All the angles of Gundogan's stunning FA Cup final volley

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Lorna Slater says 'no option but to delay' Deposit Return Scheme

The deposit return scheme in Scotland is to be delayed until October 2025 at the earliest.

The flagship recycling scheme was supposed to launch in March next year.

But Circular Economy Minister Lorna Slater said she had been left with no choice after the UK government excluded glass from the Scottish scheme.

She said she remained committed to introducing the recycling scheme - although it will be more limited than originally intended.

The delay means that the Scottish scheme is likely to launch at the same time as similar proposals for other parts of the UK - as many retailers and drinks companies had been calling for.

When it is finally introduced, the deposit return scheme (DRS) will see a 20p charge placed on drinks containers which would be refunded to consumers when they return the bottles and cans in a bid to increase recycling levels.

Larger stores, shopping centres and community hubs will operate reverse vending machines for people to return their containers.

Ms Slater said: "The overwhelming feedback from producers, retailers and hospitality is that they cannot prepare for a March launch based on the changes being required by the UK government without any certainty even about what those changes would be".

She added: "As of today, it is now clear that we have been left with no other option than to delay the launch of Scotland's DRS until October 2025 at the earliest based on the UK government's current stated aspirations.

"I remain committed to interoperable DRS schemes across the UK provided that we can work in a spirit of collaboration not imposition.

"Scotland will have a deposit return scheme. It will come later than need be. It will be more limited than it should be and more limited than parliament voted for".

Ms Slater is a co-leader of the Scottish Greens, and has a ministerial post under her party's power sharing agreement with the SNP in the Scottish Parliament.

Kat Jones, director of Action to Protect Rural Scotland, which has campaigned for a DRS, said: "This is a bleak day for anyone who cares about Scotland's litter crisis, or indeed the global climate crisis."

She also raised doubts about whether the UK government will be able to introduce a DRS for England by October 2025 - describing that date as being "at best provisional".

The scheme is now likely to launch at the same time as similar proposals for other parts of the UK

The UK government approved a partial exemption to the Internal Market Act for the Scottish deposit scheme last week, but said glass bottles would need to be excluded.

It said this was to bring Scotland into line with similar schemes that are due to launch in England and Northern Ireland in October 2025, which will also not include glass.

The exemption means that the Scottish deposit return scheme would only be allowed to cover PET plastic, aluminium and steel cans.

Glass is still included in proposals for a Welsh scheme, with the Welsh government having not yet asked for an exemption.

Circularity Scotland, the company set up to run the Scottish DRS, said there was no reason why it could not launch in March 2024 without including glass and that it was "disappointed" by Ms Slater's announcement.

Its chief executive, David Harris, said: "Further delaying the introduction of DRS will hinder Scotland's progress towards net zero and mean that billions of drinks containers continue to end up as waste."The board of Circularity Scotland will now consider the impact of this announcement and our immediate priority will be communicating with our people. We will provide further updates in due course."

Several major retailers and drinks companies, including Tesco and Tennents, had already called for Scotland to join a UK-wide initiative rather than introduce its own scheme a year earlier than everyone else.

The Federation of Small Businesses said the announcement was the "final admission that Scotland's deposit return scheme has met its inevitable demise".

Its Scotland policy chairman, Andrew McRae, said: "The delay until a UK-wide scheme has taken shape will give much-needed breathing space for the small producers and retailers who have spent months wrestling with the implications of DRS for their operations."

The UK government's Scottish secretary, Alister Jack, welcomed the announcement that the Scottish scheme would now start at the same time as the UK government's proposals were introduced.

He added: "Deposit return schemes need to be consistent across the whole of the UK, to provide a simple and effective system for businesses and consumers.

"We will continue to work with the Scottish government, and the other devolved administrations, on a UK-wide deposit return solution."

Ms Slater had to apply for an exemption to the Internal Market Act because of UK government concerns that the Scottish scheme would effectively introduce trade barriers in different parts of the UK if it was introduced first and had different rules to England, Wales and Northern Ireland.

The Scottish Licensed Trader's Association has previously likened Ms Slater's approach to "building a 20-storey skyscraper then applying for retrospective planning permission".

Ms Slater revealed last month that businesses in Scotland have spent about £300m preparing for the introduction of the DRS, and there have been suggestions that many could seek compensation from the government now that it will not be introduced until much later than anticipated.

The Scottish Conservatives said the Scottish DRS had "already failed long before any intervention from the UK government" and that a great deal of time and effort could have been saved if the SNP and Greens had listened businesses calling for a UK-wide approach.

Scottish Labour MSP Boyack accused the Scottish and UK governments of being "more interested in a constitutional fight" than making the recycling scheme work, and said Scotland was "paying the price for two bad governments".

The DRS was originally due to launch in Scotland in July of last year but had already been delayed twice amid concern about its implementation from many businesses which would be affected.

We now have confirmation of what was starting to feel inevitable. Scotland's deposit return scheme won't start next March - it will be operating by October 2025 at the earliest.

The logic behind that date is that it's when the UK government wants to have its own scheme.

There's been a long-running argument about glass being excluded from the Scottish scheme. But this, Lorna Slater told MSPs, was just the tip of the iceberg.

She argued that more "sabotage" came via other UK government conditions: such as one administration fee and one logo for the schemes that will (eventually) operate across all of the UK.

But this is about more than how beer bottles, cartons and juice cans are recycled. This is about how devolution works.

Scottish ministers feel that the UK government has thwarted plans to introduce legislation in an area where they have responsibility.

The UK government argues that their approach is sensible. If all UK schemes are to align at a later point, then they say they have to ensure certain conditions are put into place in Scotland now.

Many businesses may be less concerned with who's to blame, and more concerned with the money and time spent preparing for a project that's now been kicked into the long grass.

Last updated on .From the section Snooker

England's Mark King has been suspended from the World Snooker Tour while an investigation is carried out into reports of irregular betting patterns.

The World Professional Billiards and Snooker Association (WPBSA) is looking into reports around King's 4-0 defeat by Joe Perry at February's Welsh Open.

The WPBSA said King was barred from "attending or competing" on the tour with "immediate effect".

The 48-year-old world number 57 has the right to appeal against the decision.

"The suspension will remain in place until the conclusion of the investigation or any subsequent charges that may or may not be brought," the WPBSA added.

King turned professional in 1991 and reached a career-high world ranking of 11 in 2003, with his only ranking title coming at the Northern Ireland Open in 2016.
• None The rise and fall of the jeweller-turned-criminal: Listen to Gangster: The Story of John Palmer
• None Watch Saving Lives in Leeds on BBC iPlayer now

There is nothing suspicious about the misspelling Cobain's name

A guitar smashed by Kurt Cobain, the late frontman of US rock band Nirvana, has sold at auction for nearly $600,000 (£480,000).

The broken black Fender Stratocaster had been expected to sell for a tenth of that amount at Saturday's auction at the Hard Rock Cafe in New York.

Cobain, who took his own life in 1994, was known for his intense performances.

The guitar was destroyed as Nirvana were working on their break-out album Nevermind in the early 1990s.

It has been put back together but is no longer playable.

The instrument is signed by all three band members in a silver marker. It also features an affectionate inscription by Cobain to his friend and musical collaborator Mark Lanegan - who died last year.

Cobain, who often misspelt his own name, signed the instrument "Kurdt Kobain".

Cobain shot to worldwide fame in the early 1990s as Nirvana's creative force

The grunge pioneer is known to have smashed a number of Fender Stratocasters during his career.

"The man was angry, and you could feel that on stage. And you would feel that by the way he would treat his instruments," Kody Frederick of Julien's Auctions told AFP news agency.

The Fender Stratocaster went on sale with an estimated price of $60,000-$80,000. Julien's called the closing bid of $596,900 "astounding".

According to the auction house, Cobain gave the guitar to Lanegan during the North American leg of Nirvana's Nevermind tour in 1992.

The identity of the buyer is not known. The auctioneers name the previous owner as Tony Palmer.

Two years ago, the acoustic guitar Cobain used for his legendary MTV Unplugged performance in late 1993 sold for $6m.

Julien's ongoing three-day sale also includes memorabilia from other music legends including Elvis Presley, Freddie Mercury, Janet Jackson, and Dolly Parton. It concludes on Sunday.

The lucky Briton is one of three winners to take a share of the £138m jackpot.

The two other winning tickets were bought in Switzerland and France.

The ticket must first be validated, then the winner can decide whether or not they want to go public.

If the prize is paid out it, it would mean the winner is now richer than singer Sam Smith, according to the Sunday Times Rich List.

Andy Carter, senior winners' adviser at the National Lottery, said he and his team would now focus on supporting the ticket-holder and "helping them start to enjoy their truly life-changing win."

This was the first UK EuroMillions jackpot win of 2023, according to Camelot.

The winning numbers were 3, 8, 18, 34, 49, and Lucky Stars 3 and 7.

Last year's biggest win was £195m by a ticket-holder who wished to remain anonymous.

Six EuroMillions jackpots were won in the UK in 2022, with prizes totalling more than £820m.

French diver Alexis Jandard slipped during the inauguration of an Olympic aquatics centre north of Paris, his awkward moment on the board caught on camera.

Laughing off the incident later on social media, the 26-year-old thanked people for their support, saying: “For your information, my back is fine, but my ego…”

The event at the venue, one of two purpose-built for the Paris 2024 Games, was attended by President Emmanuel Macron.

A defiant Volodymyr Zelensky has insisted Bakhmut "is not occupied" by Russia after a Moscow-backed mercenary group had claimed control.

Ukraine's president was speaking during a scene-stealing visit to Hiroshima, Japan, for the G7 summit.

But Ukrainian military sources told the BBC they still had control of a handful of buildings on the outskirts of the city.

At a press conference on the final day of the summit, Mr Zelensky refused to provide precise details. But he said the city, where the war's longest and bloodiest battle has raged since August, was "not occupied" by Russia "as of today".

"There are no two or three interpretations of those words," he added, after earlier confusion about his remarks on the status of the city.

It was in a video posted on Saturday that Wagner's Mr Prigozhin claimed his fighters - who have led the Russian assault on Bakhmut - were in full control of the city.

Mr Zelensky compared Bakhmut to Hiroshima, which was hit by an atomic bomb in World War Two, promising a similar "reconstruction" of his country.

Earlier on Sunday, he visited the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Park with Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida - whose relatives died when the United States dropped the bomb on the city in 1945.

Mr Zelensky laid a wreath for those who were killed in the attack.

On Sunday, Zelensky and Japanesee PM Fumio Kishida visited the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Park

After a meeting with Mr Kishida, he strode into an auditorium at the peace park to speak to reporters.

As he entered, one journalist shouted from the back of the room: "Slava Ukraini" (glory to Ukraine). Mr Zelensky nodded to acknowledge her.

He drew several parallels between Hiroshima and Ukraine, saying that pictures of the Japanese city in ruins after bombing reminded him of present-day Bakhmut. He vowed there would be a similar "reconstruction and recovery" of Ukraine.

"Now Hiroshima has rebuilt their city, and we dream of rebuilding our cities," he said.

There had earlier been some confusion about the status of Bakhmut, after Mr Zelensky said "today Bakhmut is only in our hearts".

His office later clarified that he had not said that the city had fallen.

But Russian fighters at least control most of Bakhmut. Wagner mercenaries have concentrated their efforts there for months, and their relentless, costly tactic of sending in waves of men seems to have gradually eroded Kyiv's resistance.

Ukrainian forces have resisted calls for a tactical withdrawal to this point, but say that if they did pull out it would be a "Pyrrhic victory" for the Russians.

Mr Zelensky also alluded to his troops continuing to carry out "important work" in the area.

The commander of Ukraine's ground forces later said Kyiv's forces were making advances on the outskirts of Bakhmut and were getting closer to a "tactical encirclement" of the city.

Gen Oleksandr Syrskyi added that he had visited troops on the frontline.

The Institute for the Study of War (ISW) appeared to corroborate Gen Syrskyi's claims, writing in a ground report that "geolocated footage" showed a Ukrainian brigade "striking unspecified Russian forces south of Klishchiivka, 7km south-west of Bakhmut".

Analysts say the city is of little strategic value to Moscow, but its capture would be a symbolic victory for Russia after the longest battle of the war in Ukraine so far.

However, when Russia fought fiercely to claim the cities of Severodonetsk and Lysychansk last summer, Ukraine soon reclaimed swathes of territory elsewhere.

It will no doubt be hoping to use a similar strategy for an anticipated counter-offensive this year.

In a separate piece of analysis, the ISW said Wagner had only been able to continue its sustained attack on Bakhmut City after "Russian regular forces" took responsibility for the flanks.

If Mr Prigozhin, Wagner's leader, sticks to his word and withdraws his forces from Bakhmut in the coming days, "Russian conventional forces will be even more unlikely to pursue [other] offensive operations," the ISW added.

The war in Ukraine has dominated the three-day summit of G7 leaders in Japan, with Mr Zelensky meeting with several world leaders to lobby for more support.

His persistence paid off. At the summit, the US announced it would allow its Western allies to supply Ukraine with advanced fighter jets, including American-made F-16s.

However, as yet no country has committed to supplying the jets to Ukraine.

Asked by the BBC how confident he was about getting F-16s from his allies, Mr Zelensky said: "We will be working on that, I'm sure… I cannot tell you how many - this is not a secret, we really don't know."

The BBC also asked him when his delayed spring counter-offensive would begin.

"Russia will feel when we have a counter-offensive," he replied.
• None Defending the last Ukrainian streets in Bakhmut

Jacqueline Gold, who transformed the lingerie and sex toy chain Ann Summers and was a champion of women in business, has died aged 62.

Her family said she died on Thursday evening after seven years of treatment for breast cancer.

Ms Gold expanded Ann Summers from a firm with four backstreet shops into a multi-million pound business.

She was made a CBE in 2016 for services to entrepreneurship, women in business and social enterprise.

Ms Gold's family said: "It is with unspeakable sadness that Ann Summers confirm our amazing executive chair Jacqueline Gold CBE passed away yesterday evening with her husband Dan, daughter Scarlett, sister Vanessa, and brother-in-law Nick, by her side.

"She was... an activist for women in business, and championed female entrepreneurs with the ambition to better the working environment for women," the statement added.

Her death comes just two months after her father, David Gold, who was joint-chairman of West Ham United, died at the age of 86.

Her sister Vanessa, who is chief executive at Ann Summers, said: "She was a trailblazer, a visionary, and the most incredible woman, all of which makes this news that much harder to bear."

The first Ann Summers shop opened in 1971, and the business was bought by Ms Gold's father and his brother Ralph the following year.

Ms Gold first joined her family's firm as an intern, but transformed the Ann Summers brand by making it more female-friendly.

But she told the BBC in 2015 that when she first proposed this approach to the company's all-male directors it wasn't well received.

"One board member threw down his pen and said 'this isn't going to work, women aren't interested in sex'," she said.

She set up a new Tupperware-style party service solely for women, which proved an immediate hit.

The increase in sales that her approach generated led to expansion of Ann Summers' High Street stores. It currently has 88 across the UK and Ireland.

The revamped stores were brightly lit and again targeted at women, with the aim of distinguishing them from the traditional image of backstreet sex shops.

She told the BBC: "When I joined Ann Summers its customer profile was only 10% women, today it remains 100% women going to our parties, and 80% women to our stores.

"I always say that I have taken the company from the raincoat brigade to a female institution."

As well as running the business, Ms Gold mentored other female entrepreneurs and lobbied the government to help improve gender equality in business.

Speaking to the Sunday Times in 2018, she said there were very few female role models, adding that she found it "disappointing" that the situation had not changed.

"I am frustrated that we are still having the same conversation around female empowerment and equality," she told the paper. "We live in a fast-paced society and yet progress is painfully slow."

The government has defended its rollout of free childcare hours after Labour called the system a "total mess".

The scheme is being expanded in phases, with 15 hours of free childcare now available for working parents of two year olds.

Rishi Sunak called it a "positive and exciting moment", while Education Secretary Gillian Keegan said 150,000 families had already registered.

But Labour said last week it would not commit to the plans.

Labour has said it does not believe the current plans will be able to provide enough extra places, but said it was committed to the "real opportunity" of reforming childcare.

Speaking to BBC Breakfast, Ms Keegan said the government was "working all across the country to make sure we build the capacity to cope with the demand".

The prime minister also appeared on BBC Radio Tees on Tuesday morning, where he said the government's "methodical" rollout was working.

"We said this is a really big change and we need to take the time to get it right, to give time for the sector to grow and expand," Mr Sunak said.

"And if you look, that is working. Staffing levels in the sector have increased, and the number of places has also increased over the past year as well."

For working parents of three and four year olds, 30 hours of childcare funded by government is already available, and the expansion of the cover is being rolled out in these phases:

To qualify for the new hours, the majority of parents must earn more than £8,670, but less than £100,000 per year.

The rollout is expected to cause a rise in demand, but the number of available places actually fell slightly in 2023 as childminders told the BBC they felt forced out of the sector due to a lack of pay and appreciation.

According to the Coram Family and Childcare charity, the availability of nursery and childminder places has worsened for all ages of pre-school children across England, Scotland and Wales.

It says fewer than a third of councils (29%) had enough spaces for under-twos in 2024, down from 42% in 2023.

Last week, shadow education secretary Bridget Phillipson said Labour had commissioned a review of the government's £4bn expansion of its childcare policy.

On Tuesday, shadow cabinet office minister Pat McFadden said Labour would not reverse the expansion of free childcare to two years olds, saying his party was "not proposing to take anyone's entitlement away".

He said it was a "good aim to expand childcare provision", but said his party had concerns about supply being able to meet demand.

Ms Keegan said the government had used a phased rollout "to make it deliverable" and added there were 13,000 more staff working in the sector than last year.

The government consulted thousands of businesses, she said, to ensure the plans were sustainable.

But childcare providers across the country have previously raised concerns about being able to deliver extra places.

Samantha Hinds, who runs Daisy Chain Day Nursery in Peterborough, said she has had to turn some families away because they do not have enough staff.

She called it a "beautiful job", but said the cost-of-living crisis and poor wages were putting people off from working in the sector.

In Bolton, Julie Robinson, who runs Eagley School House nurseries, said the expansion would be "hugely challenging" as she already has long waiting lists for places.

Despite employing 60 staff across two sites in Greater Manchester, she said she was "struggling month on month" to fund her running costs, business rates and wages.

Former US President Donald Trump has filed a court notice of appeal two days after a civil trial found he sexually abused a woman, E Jean Carroll, in a New York department store.

A New York jury awarded Ms Carroll nearly $5m in damages over her allegation that Mr Trump attacked her in the 1990s.

Jurors found Mr Trump, 76, liable for battery and defamation, but not rape.

His appeal comes a day after the former president called his accuser a "wack job" during a CNN town hall event.

"I swear on my children, which I never do. I have no idea who this woman is. This is a fake story," he said.

He accused the civil trial's presiding judge of anti-Trump bias and said that his decision not to testify in person would not have made any difference to the outcome.

The jury's verdict marked the first time Mr Trump, who has been accused of sexual misconduct by more than two dozen women, was found legally responsible for assault.

Ms Carroll, a writer and long-time advice columnist, claimed Mr Trump raped her inside a Bergdorf Goodman dressing room and has defamed her by calling her allegation "a hoax and a lie".

The jury of six men and three women deliberated for less than three hours on Tuesday before reaching their decision.

The standard of proof in civil cases is lower than in criminal cases, meaning that jurors were only required to find that it was more likely than not that Mr Trump assaulted Ms Carroll.

While the jury found Mr Trump liable for sexual battery and defamation of Ms Carroll, they did not find Mr Trump liable of raping her. To do so, the jury would have needed to have been convinced that Mr Trump had engaged in non-consensual sexual intercourse with Ms Carroll.

Mr Trump's lawyer Joe Tacopina told reporters outside the courtroom that it was "a strange verdict".

"They rejected her rape claim and she always claimed this was a rape case, so it's a little perplexing," he said.

He added that, in Mr Trump's hometown of New York, where the former president is now unpopular, "you just can't get a fair trial".

The case will now move to the US Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.

Ms Carroll's lawyer Roberta Kaplan earlier expressed confidence to US media that Mr Trump has "no legitimate arguments for appeal".

"I've rarely felt more confident about an appeal than I do about this one," she said.

Ms Kaplan also told the New York Times that her client was giving "serious consideration" toward filing a new defamation suit against Mr Trump over his latest comments on CNN.

Mr Trump is currently the frontrunner to once again win the Republican nomination for president in 2024, earning more than 50% support in national polls, including several conducted after the New York trial began.

Susan Hart's daughters said she had been showing signs of dementia

A grandmother who went missing on holiday on a Greek island three weeks ago has been found dead in a remote area.

Susan Hart, 74, from Bath, was in Telendos with her husband, Ed, when she disappeared on 30 April.

Mrs Hart could not be found after her husband went rock climbing while she planned to read a book.

Her daughter Ruth Landale said she was identified by her stepfather and the family were heartbroken.

Ms Landale said they were now waiting for her body to be repatriated to Switzerland where she was living.

A post-mortem examination is expected to be carried out in Greece.

Mrs Hart has three daughters who grew up in Bath but now live in Canada, Australia and London with their young families.

Ms Landale said her mother had been showing symptoms of dementia over the last few years, but had not yet received a diagnosis.

"It's been a stressful and distressing time for the whole family," she said.

A Foreign Office spokesman confirmed staff were providing consular assistance to the family and were in contact with local authorities.

The BBC has asked police in Greece to comment.

Follow BBC West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: bristol@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Cardiff announced the signing of Emiliano Sala on 19 January, 2019, two days before the plane he was on went missing

Cardiff City has been ordered to pay Nantes the transfer balance for Emiliano Sala, who died in a plane crash before he could play for the Welsh side.

The BBC has been told that Fifa has told the Championship club to pay more than €11m (£9.45m).

That covers the last two instalments of the €17m agreed between the clubs.

Meanwhile, French prosecutors have confirmed several employees of FC Nantes have been arrested.

That is as part of an investigation into money laundering and tax fraud.

In a statement, Nantes public prosecutor's office said the FC Nantes club manager, his deputy general manager and two people, including a players' agent, were placed in police custody but have since been released pending an investigation.

Cardiff City has been in dispute with FC Nantes over the transfer fee since the striker's death in January 2019.

The Argentine had just become Cardiff City's £15m record signing when the plane carrying him from France to Wales crashed into the English Channel.

In May, the club said it would continue legal action against FC Nantes through the French courts after a Swiss Federal Tribunal decided the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) did not have the power to deal with the club's claim for damages.

Argentine artist Gabriel Griffa painted this mural of the player in Carquefou, near Nantes

Cardiff failed in its appeal to the CAS over the Fifa ruling, and in January paid the first instalment, believed to be around £7m, of the Sala fee to Nantes.

On Friday, the club issued a statement confirming the decision by Fifa they should pay the final two instalments.

But it questioned the timing of the Fifa ruling, saying: "It would have been fairer if the requirement to pay FC Nantes had been deferred until the conclusion of the French police investigations and the club's claim against FC Nantes in the French courts."

Separately, French investigators confirmed on Friday they were investigating employees of FC Nantes over a number of charges including:

Philippe Astruc, district attorney for the Court of Justice of Rennes said: "The French Football Federation has instituted civil proceedings before the investigating judge, as part of its mission to regulate the activity of sports agents in the discipline of football and to defend the moral and material interests of French football.

"The investigations mainly focused on the analysis of contracts, bank accounts and financial flows, with analysis of the numerous documents seized during the search.

Radar contact was lost when the aircraft was 22 nautical miles (40 km) north-north-west of Guernsey

"A laundering of large-scale tax evasion would also have been updated against one of the protagonists"

Cardiff City claims Sala's transfer had not been finalised at the time of his accident.

In May they launched a counter-claim in France for around €100m.

Nantes Commercial Court said last week it would hold a hearing on the merits of that case, probably in the second quarter of 2024.

Ex-Health Secretary Matt Hancock has accused a journalist of a "massive betrayal and breach of trust" after she leaked texts he sent during Covid.

Isabel Oakeshott defended releasing WhatsApps she obtained when working on Mr Hancock's book, arguing it was in the "overwhelming national interest".

BBC political correspondent Jonathan Blake has been looking into the row.

Filming and editing by Alex Smith, Serene Khalifeh and Thomas Mason

Mizzy was in court on Wednesday over one of his prank videos

A London teenager who walked into a stranger's house to make a TikTok prank video has been arrested, two days after appearing in court.

Bacari-Bronze O'Garro, better known as Mizzy, was detained on Friday by a plain clothes officer for allegedly breaching a criminal behaviour order.

On Wednesday, the 18-year-old admitted breaching a community protection notice over the 15 May trespass in Hackney.

O'Garro's prank videos have seen him become notorious in recent days.

In the latest arrest, the Metropolitan Police officer can be seen handcuffing the teenager and telling him that he is alleged to have uploaded two videos to social media - an apparent breach of the terms of the behaviour order that was imposed on him on Wednesday.

On Thursday, O'Garro was interviewed by Talk TV host Piers Morgan, with their disagreeable exchange being shared widely on social media.

Morgan took the teenager to task for his pranks, which have included pestering rail passengers and entering a man's car claiming it was his Uber.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by mizzy This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

On Wednesday, Thames Magistrates' Court heard how O'Garro, who is from Stoke Newington in north-east London, had been issued with a community protection notice last May, with a condition being he must not trespass on private property.

Entering the home without permission to film his TikTok prank breached that condition. The court heard how O'Garro walked into the property, down the stairs, sat on a sofa and said "is this where the study group is?"

Judge Charlotte Crangle fined him more than £300 and listed as a condition of the teenager's criminal behaviour order that he must not directly or indirectly post videos on to social media without the documented consent of the people featured in the content.

A spokesperson for the Metropolitan Police said: "On Friday May 26, officers arrested an 18-year-old man on suspicion of breach of a criminal behaviour order.

"He has been taken into custody. Inquiries are ongoing."

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Temperatures reached 45C in Rome, Italy in the recent heatwave

The heatwaves battering Europe and the US in July would have been "virtually impossible" without human-induced climate change, a scientific study says.

Global warming from burning fossil fuels also made the heatwave affecting parts of China 50 times more likely.

Climate change meant the heatwave in southern Europe was 2.5C hotter, the study finds.

Almost all societies remain unprepared for deadly extreme heat, experts warn.

The study's authors say its findings highlight the importance of the world adapting to higher temperatures because they are no longer "rare".

"Heat is among the deadliest types of disaster," says Julie Arrighi from the Red Cross Red Crescent Climate Centre, and also one of the authors.

Countries must build heat-resistant homes, create "cool centres" for people to find shelter, and find ways to cool cities including planting more trees, she says.

In July, temperature records were broken in parts of China, the southern US and Spain. Millions of people spent days under red alerts for extreme heat.

Experts say extreme heat can be a very serious threat to life, especially among the elderly. According to one study, more than 61,000 people were estimated to have died from heat-related causes during last year's heatwaves in Europe.

"This study confirms what we knew before. It shows again just how much climate change plays a role in what we are currently experiencing," said Friederike Otto from Imperial College London.

Climate scientists say decades of humans pumping greenhouse gases into the atmosphere are causing global temperatures to rise.

But not all extreme weather events can immediately be linked directly to climate change because natural weather patterns can also play a part.

Scientists in the UK, US and Netherlands in the World Weather Attribution group studied the recent heatwaves to identify the fingerprint of climate change.

Using computer models, they simulated a world without the effects of emissions pumped into the atmosphere to the real-world temperatures seen during the heatwaves.

The North American heatwave was 2°C (3.6°F) hotter and the heatwave in China was 1°C hotter because of climate change, the scientists concluded.

The world has warmed 1.1C compared to the pre-industrial period before humans began burning fossil fuels.

If temperature rise reaches 2C, which many experts warn is very likely as countries fail to reduce their emissions quickly enough, these events will occur every two to five years, the scientists say.

The study also considered the role of El Niño, a naturally occurring powerful climate fluctuation that began in June. It leads to higher global temperatures as warm waters rise to the surface in the tropical Pacific ocean and push heat into the air.

The study concluded that El Niño probably played a small part but that increased temperatures from burning fossil fuels was the main driver in the more intense heatwaves.

A run of climate records have fallen in recent weeks, including global average temperatures and sea surface temperatures particularly in the North Atlantic.

Experts say the speed and timing is "unprecedented" and warn that more records could tumble in the coming weeks and months.

Dangerous wildfires in Greece forced thousands of people to evacuate hotels at the weekend. Experts say that the hot and dry weather created favourable conditions for fire to spread more easily.

Could powerful heatwaves and summer wildfires, which have devastated communities and displaced tourists in Greece, become the new normal in Europe?

The former Prime Minister of Pakistan, Imran Khan, is answering charges of corruption, which he dismisses as politically motivated, at a court in Islamabad

A warrant for his arrest was suspended on Friday on the condition that he appear at court.

He was accompanied by armed security as he left his home in Lahore, which was raided by police after he left.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: What will happen when Trump is arrested

As the first former US president to face criminal charges, Donald Trump will also be the first to be fingerprinted, taken for a mugshot and brought before a judge.

If the case proceeds as expected, he will be the first US president to sit before a jury.

Already the shockwaves are spreading across the political landscape.

Some aspects are predictable - the former president, his lawyers and his children are denouncing the yet-to-be-detailed charges as political persecution.

They see it as an attempt to disrupt the campaign of a frontrunner for the presidency in 2024.

At Mr Trump's political rally in Texas last Saturday, the former president was already fixated on an arrest that seemed to be looming.

"This is really prosecutorial misconduct," Mr Trump said of the New York City district attorney's inquiry. "The innocence of people makes no difference to these radical left maniacs."

As the news broke, other members of the Republican Party closed ranks around their former president.

Several senior members of the House of Representatives called the indictment "outrageous" and pledged a thorough congressional investigation.

Speaker of the House Kevin McCarthy said the New York district attorney had "irreparably damaged" the nation in an attempt to interfere with the 2024 presidential election.

Several of Mr Trump's potential rivals for the Republic nomination condemned the charges.

"Prosecuting serious crimes keeps Americans safe, but political prosecutions put the American legal system at risk of being viewed as a tool for abuse," former Trump Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said in a statement.

Mike Pompeo (C) made reference to 'political persecutions' in a statement after the indictment

Florida Governor Ron DeSantis, viewed as Mr Trump's most formidable potential opponent, was equally strident in a Twitter post, calling the indictment "un-American".

"The weaponisation of the legal system to advance a political agenda turns the rule of law on its head," he wrote.

He added that Florida would not assist in an extradition of Mr Trump to New York to face the charges.

Mr Trump's lawyers have previously said he would go to the courthouse willingly - something expected to happen early next week.

At some point, however, Mr Trump's rivals will have to turn on him - and a lower-profile potential candidate may have given a hint of the strategy in his Thursday evening press release.

"It is a dark day for America when a former president is indicted on criminal charges," former Arkansas Governor Asa Hutchinson said, noticeably not calling the indictment unjust.

Donald Trump has surged in Republican approval polls recently, but there is still sentiment that his drama - the political storm clouds that always seem to follow him - is a liability that will make him a less appealing presidential candidate.

For that line of attack, this indictment could become Exhibit A, noted by his Republican opponents more with sadness than with glee.

Donald Trump has been considered the man to beat for the Republican presidential nomination in 2024

For its part, the Trump campaign is leaning into the controversy, using the front-page headlines and breaking news bulletins to drum up new donations from supporters.

"Please make a contribution - of truly any amount - to defend our movement from the never-ending witch hunts and WIN the WHITE HOUSE in 2024," read a campaign email that included Mr Trump's press release on the indictment. It promised that the indictment would "backfire" on President Joe Biden and the Democrats.

At least so far, the White House has been keeping a studious silence on the matter - similar to the strategy it employed during Mr Trump's 2021 Senate impeachment trial after the 6 January attack on the US Capitol.

Their view, perhaps, aligns with the old Napoleon quote about not interrupting an enemy when they're making a mistake.

Other Democrats, however, have been less reticent.

"The bedrock of our legal system is the principle that justice applies to everyone equally," Democratic Senator Cory Booker said in a statement. "No-one is above the law."

Senator Cory Booker is among the Democrats arguing that nobody - even presidents - is above the law

The Democratic National Committee's press secretary tried to link Mr Trump and his legal troubles to the former president's "Make America Great Again" movement and the Republican Party as a whole.

Democrats, and many political analysts, attribute the party's better-than-expected performance in last year's mid-term elections to Republican candidates being too closely associated with a former president who, while still loved by many Republicans, is disliked by a majority of Americans.

Expect Democrats to once again employ a similar line of attack.

Mr Trump's current legal drama may reach a crescendo and conclude well before a vote is cast in 2024. The political fallout could ultimately depend on the course it tracks - and whether this case is joined by others.

For the moment, however, the partisan lines on Mr Trump's indictment are clearly drawn - as they have been on almost every major issue of national importance in America today.

Meta has said it will begin to restrict news on its platforms to Canadian consumers after parliament passed a controversial online news bill.

The bill forces big platforms to compensate news publishers for content posted on their sites.

Meta and Google have both already been testing limiting access to news to some Canadians.

In 2021, Australian users were blocked from sharing or viewing news on Facebook in response to a similar law.

Canada's Online News Act, which cleared the senate on Thursday, lays out rules requiring platforms like Meta and Google to negotiate commercial deals and pay news organisations for their content.

Meta has called the law "fundamentally flawed legislation that ignores the realities of how our platforms work".

On Thursday, it said news availability will be ended on Facebook and Instagram for all users in Canada - before the bill takes effect.

"A legislative framework that compels us to pay for links or content that we do not post, and which are not the reason the vast majority of people use our platforms, is neither sustainable nor workable," a Meta spokesperson told Reuters.

The company said the changes to news would not have an impact on other services for Canadian users.

Google called the bill "unworkable" in its current form and said it was seeking to work with the government to find a "path forward".

The federal government says the online news bill is necessary "to enhance fairness in the Canadian digital news market" and to allow struggling news organisations to "secure fair compensation" for news and links shared on the platforms.

An analysis of the bill by an independent parliament budget watchdog estimated news businesses could receive about C$329m ($250m; £196m) per year from digital platforms.

Earlier this month, Canadian Heritage Minister Pablo Rodriguez told Reuters the tests being run by the tech platforms were "unacceptable" and a "threat".

In Australia, Facebook restored news content to its users after talks with the government led to amendments.

On Thursday, Mr Rodriguez's office said he had met both Google and Facebook this week and planned further discussions - but the government would move forward with the bill's implementation.

"If the government can't stand up for Canadians against tech giants, who will?" he said in a statement.

Media industry groups hailed the bill's passage as a step towards market fairness.

"Real journalism, created by real journalists, continues to be demanded by Canadians and is vital to our democracy, but it costs real money," said Paul Deegan, president and chief executive officer of News Media Canada, a media industry group, said in a statement

The Online News Act is expected to take effect in Canada in six months.

Nina Skorkina has now left her village near the border with Russia

When Russian planes began bombing her border village in northern Ukraine, Nina Skorkina refused to leave.

Then a police team arrived and evacuated the 87-year-old anyway, with explosions all around.

In recent days, other elderly and frail residents have been carried out on blankets across a bridge already damaged by air strikes.

As Vladimir Putin celebrates securing another six years in the Kremlin, and vows to continue his full-scale war on Ukraine, attacks across the border have sharply escalated.

Volodymyr Zelensky says nearly 200 bombs have been dropped on the Sumy region in north-eastern Ukraine this month alone.

He accuses Russia of trying to "burn our border villages to the ground".

Nina Makarenko was evacuated to a safer town, with just a few clothes and her own jam

Police and emergency workers have now rescued hundreds of people from the Sumy border area, moving them deeper into Ukraine and to safety.

Many are from a cluster of villages around Velyka Pysarivka.

Helped off a bright yellow school bus this week, Nina Makarenko told me the home she'd had to leave was in ruins.

"They smashed up our houses. There's nothing left," she said.

Her cheeks were bright with blusher and her lips painted, but all Nina had brought with her was a few clothes and some homemade jam.

Before the war, she used to cross into Russia regularly to go shopping. Now Russian forces are attacking her home.

The bus delivers the evacuees to the small town of Okhtyrka, where the local authorities have turned a kindergarten and a school into a temporary shelter.

It's cosy and there are psychologists working with children, with plenty of smiles and laughter.

But on camp beds laid out inside a classroom, older women sit still, looking bewildered. They've lost everything they know and own.

The first thing I hear as I enter the room is a plea for more help for Ukraine's soldiers.

"Give them weapons to push the Russians back, that's all we ask!" Valentyna says as she leaps up to greet me. "Their planes are dropping bombs on us, and we have nothing to knock them out of the sky!"

The next outburst is one of anger at Vladimir Putin - who launched this war and who was just officially declared Russia's president for a fifth term.

"Putin is our enemy! He says he will destroy Ukraine!" Tetiana tells me passionately and mocks the Russian leader's triumphant re-election. "He appointed himself!"

"What did we ever do to him? But look at how many people have been killed here, how many tortured. How many people have lost their arms and legs. And what for?"

As Tetiana speaks, her elderly mother sobs uncontrollably beside her. Looking round, I realise almost everyone in the room is crying.

Many villagers have abandoned the Sumy border area since last summer as it became more dangerous.

Now, it's almost impossible to stay. Images filmed by police rescue teams show streets of detached houses in utter ruin.

Ukrainians say entire streets in border villages have been destroyed by Russian bombardment

One possible reason for the upsurge in attacks is increased Ukrainian shelling of Belgorod, the biggest Russian city across the border.

Vladimir Putin has vowed to respond, ignoring the fact that Russian missiles have been hitting homes and civilian infrastructure in Ukraine relentlessly for two years.

The mayor of Okhtyrka has another theory for the escalation.

"I understand that the enemy wants to create some kind of grey zone where military equipment can't enter and where people can't move in large groups," Pavlo Kuzmenko suggests.

We met in the town library because his own offices had been destroyed by a Russian missile strike.

"Along the whole of our border, the enemy is gradually creating an area where Ukrainians will not be able to tread," the mayor believes.

There is another reason for the increased bombardment.

Just ahead of Vladimir Putin's return to the Kremlin, a group of Russian fighters announced an armed incursion from Ukraine - into their own country.

The self-styled "liberation forces" wanted to show that Mr Putin had lost control of his border. That's when villagers say the military air strikes on Velyka Pysarivka began.

Tetiana described life in the village then as "hell".

The Russian forces are made up of men ranging from openly far-right nationalists to Siberian separatists. They're linked by a belief that only armed resistance can change Russia now and remove Vladimir Putin.

The size and military effectiveness of the forces, based in Ukraine and backed by Ukrainian military intelligence, is unclear.

In Kyiv on Thursday, a spokesman for one of the groups said their ongoing raids had tied up the "Kremlin military machine", scuppering plans for a new push into Ukraine.

My own sources suggest there could be as much hype as actual fighting.

When I questioned whether their self-vaunted achievements merited the destruction of Ukrainian villages, another spokesman said that civilians suffering was "sad".

But he said fighting an enemy like Russia "without victims and ruin" was impossible.

It's not only the fighting that families are fleeing in Sumy.

The northern region has the only working border crossing in the country from Russia, making it the main route for Ukrainians escaping occupation.

Every day, dozens of people from areas Russia has illegally claimed as its own endure a draining journey to reach territory controlled by Kyiv.

The Kremlin says the occupied regions turned out to vote for Putin this month in large, enthusiastic crowds.

Children in a Ukrainian welcome centre for displaced people

But that's not the picture painted by those who reach Sumy.

This week, Zoya Vypyraylo and her husband Mykhailo travelled three days from a village in the southern Kherson region that's now full of Russian soldiers.

"There are so many of them. They set up in the houses. They're in the fields. Their vehicles are moving all over. It was really scary," Zoya confided, when she finally reached a reception centre.

She says life under occupation changed her, radically: "I had no will. No energy. My spirit was crushed."

So she and Mykhailo gave up everything. They handed their home of 53 years to a neighbour and left their ducks, chickens and dogs.

Zoya and her husband Mykhailo (centre) have left everything behind in Russian-occupied territory

"We want Kherson to be Ukraine. We really do. But we don't believe it, anymore," Zoya told me quietly, her whole body sagging from all kinds of exhaustion.

To reach Ukraine, the pensioners had to drag their bags across a two-kilometre stretch of no-man's-land.

Pluriton, an aid group, then shuttles people from the border to a facility where it offers phone calls home, train tickets onwards, tea and hot food.

All arrivals from occupied territory face a security screening by their own country.

"When I look at these people, I remember myself," Pluriton boss Kateryna Arisoy says. It's not so long since she left her own home in Bakhmut, a city since razed to the ground.

After three days travelling from occupied areas, Zoya is finally able to call her son to say she is safe

"I can't find the words to explain that their former life, unfortunately, will never continue."

"When we were driving here I started to cry. I breathed the fresh air, our Ukrainian air," the pensioner tells me, her voice low but intense.

For two years in Kherson she's been pressured to deny her identity. Take a Russian passport. Even vote for Vladimir Putin, who ordered the invasion of her country.

"We are Ukrainians. We want our country to flourish. For our children and grandchildren to live in peace," Zoya tells me, then starts to cry.

"I'm sorry. It's really hard."

It's slowly sinking in that she is free. But Ukraine is no closer to peace.

A TV presenter in Switzerland had a surprise when a climate activist walked on stage and glued himself to a podium during a live show.

Jeremy Seydoux was hosting a debate on local elections when the man walked on stage. He was later removed.

An Australian police officer charged with tasering a 95-year-old care home resident acted in a "grossly disproportionate" way, prosecutors in the case say.

Clare Nowland died in May, a week after the incident which was prompted when she was found holding two knives.

New court documents allege Kristian White said "bugger it" before firing as she slowly advanced using a walker.

He is yet to enter a plea on grievous bodily harm and assault charges.

Details of the incident in the town of Cooma - about 114km (71 miles) south of Canberra - have been outlined for the first time in police facts tendered to court.

Just after 03:00 local time on 17 May, Ms Nowland was spotted walking along a corridor in Yallambee Lodge while holding two knives.

Twice, the dementia patient was asked by a nurse to drop the knives, police say, to which she replied "no".

She was later found holding them while standing inside another resident's room.

After failing to reach Ms Nowland's family, staff called emergency services with the intention of having an ambulance come to sedate her, the police facts say.

It was around that time that workers allege the dementia patient threw a knife at one of her carers.

After police and ambulance workers arrived on the scene, Ms Nowland began moving "very slowly" on her walker towards them with the remaining knife raised.

Mr White asked Ms Nowland to drop the knife and stop moving four times before discharging his weapon from 1.5-2m (4.92-6.5 feet) away, police allege.

The senior constable also warned her that he was pointing a taser at her chest.

"Clare, stop now, see this, this is a taser, drop it now, drop it, this is your first warning," he said, according to the documents.

Ms Nowland suffered a fractured skull and a serious brain bleed from falling and hitting her head after she was tasered.

Prosecutors say Mr White - who has been suspended from duty without pay pending the outcome of the criminal investigation - used "excessive force" given Ms Nowland's age and physical state.

Police procedures dictate that a taser "should not be used against an elderly or disabled subject unless exceptional circumstances exist", the documents added.

The Nowland family have asked for "privacy and space" while they digest the police facts, according to a statement released by their lawyer.

"The facts alleged against Mr White are extremely confronting and shocking," it said.

Kristian White - who is on bail - is due to appear before a Cooma court again on 6 September.

Honda is to return to Formula 1 in a formal capacity in 2026 as engine partner for the Aston Martin team.

The company officially pulled out of F1 at the end of 2021 but its engines are still used by the two Red Bull teams and are called Hondas again in 2023.

Honda said on Wednesday that F1's pursuit of carbon-neutrality by 2030 was the "key factor" behind its decision to re-enter officially.

New rules for 2026 will increase the electrical performance of F1 engines.

The sport's governing body the FIA is mandating the use of fully sustainable synthetic fuels at the same time.

Honda Racing Corporation president Koji Watanabe said: "In pursuit of its goal in achieving carbon neutrality by 2030, starting in the 2026 season the FIA will mandate the use of 100% carbon-neutral fuel and the deployment of electrical power will be increased significantly by three times from the current regulations.

"With this massive increase in electrical power, the key to winning in F1 will be a compact, lightweight and high-power motor with a high-performance battery that is capable of swiftly handling high power output as well as the energy-management technology.

"We believe this know-how gained from this new challenge has the potential to be applied directly to a future mass-production electric vehicle."

What is behind Honda's change of approach?

F1 has used hybrid engines since 2014 but the new rules will make significant changes in their layout.

The biggest is the removal of the MGU-H, the part of the hybrid system that recovers energy from the turbo, and a significant increase in the proportion of hybrid power in the engine's power output.

Watanabe said: "Currently, the electrical power accounts for 20% or less compared to the internal combustion engine.

"But the new regulations require about 50% or more of electrification, which moves even further toward electrification and I believe the technology for electrification will be useful for us in producing vehicles in the future."

The use of carbon-neutral fuels and their integration into the engine, he said, also "matches with Honda's direction".

Watanabe said the extension of F1's cost cap to cover engines was also a factor in the decision as it made "long-term and continuous participation in F1 easier".

Why not continue with Red Bull?

Honda has won the past two drivers' championships with Red Bull and Max Verstappen and added the constructors' title last season. The pairing is well on course to repeat its title double in 2023. Red Bull have dominated the start of the season, winning all five races so far.

Red Bull has decided to build its own engine for 2026, and has formed a partnership with US giant Ford to invest in and badge the power-unit.

Aston Martin, who finished seventh in the championship last year, have made a huge step forward in competitiveness in 2023 and lie second in the constructors' championship behind Red Bull before this weekend's Monaco Grand Prix.

Their driver Fernando Alonso is third in the drivers' championship, behind Verstappen and his team-mate Sergio Perez.

Aston Martin's progress has come after a major investment and restructuring programme in the past five years that includes the building of a new factory, which is scheduled to open before the end of this month. A new wind tunnel is also under construction and set for completion late in 2024.

Watanabe said that Honda and Aston Martin's F1 team "share the same spirit".

Martin Whitmarsh, the group chief executive officer of Aston Martin Performance Technologies, said: "Aston Martin is building a team to win in F1. We have been recruiting the right people and investing in the required facilities and developing the right culture and processes to win.

"To partner a global motorsport titan like Honda is an extremely exciting and important further step for the team. Both organisations share the same relentless ambition to succeed on track. We are very proud, honoured and grateful to put in place this partnership."

Whitmarsh, who was instrumental in bringing about Honda's return to F1 in 2015 when he was chief executive and team principal of McLaren, added that "2026 will require full integration of chassis and power-unit that only a full works team delivers".

He added: "It's very clear from what we've seen from Honda and our recent learnings, they have a huge passion, they want to win, that is what they want to do, and that is our goal. We are already confident this is going be a fantastic partnership for the future."

The partnership will mean the end of Aston Martin's arrangement with Mercedes, from whom the team buy a large part of the rear of their car, including engine, gearbox and suspension.

Whitmarsh admitted that taking on the manufacture of the gearbox and suspension was "a big challenge but an essential one for us in stepping up".

Watanabe said that Honda had no plans to supply any other teams "for the moment".

Alonso joined McLaren in 2015 to be part of the Honda project but the team and engine company split after three uncompetitive years. In that time, Alonso's relationship with Honda frayed, partly because of some public criticisms of the engine by the two-time champion.

But Watanabe said that driver choices would be "fully up to the team" and Honda had "no objection" to working with Alonso again.

Alonso is in the first season of a two-year deal with Aston Martin. He turns 42 in July and would be 44 by the start of Honda's partnership with the team.

Whitmarsh said: "Honda are a very great partner for us. Fernando sees that. Probably 2026 is outside his planning horizon at the moment. We have to give him a car that can consistently win races.

"We have made a reasonable step forward. We are not yet where we need to be but we will get stronger. We will have a discussion before 2026, I'm sure, about where Fernando's future lies.

"I hope he'll be around for a number of years and it'd be great if he's as fit and competitive as he is today. Then it would be fantastic to have him in the car in 2026 as well."
• None Will Wrexham get to the Premier League? A heartwarming look back at the history of the football club now owned by two Hollywood actors
• None Can you put ten British monarchs into the correct order? Test your memory with this fun challenge

The CEO of the submersible company, a British billionaire explorer, a French diver and a father and son were all on board the Titan

All five passengers on board the missing Titan submersible are dead, the US Coast Guard has confirmed.

Officials say they found parts of the vessel amidst debris near the wreckage of the Titanic.

The debris was consistent with the "catastrophic implosion of the vessel", Rear Admiral John Mauger said on Thursday.

The CEO of the submersible company, a British billionaire explorer, a French diver and a father and son were all on board.

Mr Mauger said he could not confirm whether their bodies would be recovered because of the "incredibly unforgiving environment" of the ocean.

Here is what we know about them.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: OceanGate boss Stockton Rush on his passion for the seas - and for taking risks

Stockton Rush was the chief executive of OceanGate, the firm which runs the Titanic voyages, and the company confirmed he was on board.

He was an experienced engineer who had previously designed an experimental aircraft and worked on other small submersible vessels.

Mr Rush founded the company in 2009, offering customers a chance to experience deep sea travel, and made global headlines in 2021 when it began offering trips to the site of the Titanic wreck.

For $250,000 (£195,600), his company offers passengers the opportunity to get an up-close glimpse of what remains of the famous ship.

Participants travel some 370 miles (595km) on a larger ship to the area above the wreck site, then do an eight-hour dive to the Titanic on a truck-sized submersible known as Titan.

Speaking to the New York Times in 2022, he defended the business model, and said the ticket price was a "fraction of the cost of going to space and it's very expensive for us to get these ships and go out there".

A 2017 feature written for the website of Princeton University, where he studied, reported that Mr Rush goes on every OceanGate dive.

Mr Rush was married to Wendy Rush, who is the great-great-granddaughter of Isidor and Ida Straus, who died in the Titanic wreck after letting women and children escape before them.

Mike Reiss, a writer and producer of The Simpsons, went on a Titanic dive in a different OceanGate submersible with Mr Rush. He said the CEO was a "magnetic man", the New York Times reported, adding that he was "the last of the American dreamers".

Hamish Harding has flown to space and visited the South Pole

The British adventurer ran Action Aviation, a Dubai-based private jet dealership, and completed several exploration feats.

He visited the South Pole multiple times - once with former astronaut Buzz Aldrin - and flew into space in 2022 on board Blue Origin's fifth human-crewed flight.

He held three Guinness World Records, including longest time spent at full ocean depth during a dive to the deepest part of the Mariana Trench.

In summer 2022, he told Business Aviation Magazine that he grew up in Hong Kong, qualified as a pilot in the mid-1980s while studying at Cambridge, and set up his aircraft firm after making money in banking software.

He said the Titanic dive had been meant to take place in June 2022 but was delayed because "the submersible was unfortunately damaged on its previous dive". He said no-one was injured in the incident.

Asked about his appetite for exploration, he said: "My view is that these are all calculated risks and are well understood before we start."

Last weekend, he said on Facebook that the mission was "likely to be the first and only in 2023" because of poor weather conditions in Newfoundland, Canada, where the missions set off from.

Later, his stepson Brian Szasz said in a now-deleted post on Facebook that his stepfather "has gone missing on (the) submarine".

Friend David Mearns, a marine scientist and expedition leader, described Mr Harding as a "very charming guy" who was attracted to extreme adventures.

Patrick Woodhead, founder of British tour operator White Desert Antarctica, said Mr Harding was an "incredible" aviation explorer, and that his thoughts and prayers were with Mr Harding's wife, Linda, and his sons.

Terry Virts, a retired Nasa astronaut, said his friend was the "quintessential British explorer" who loved adventure and exploring, but was not an adrenaline junkie.

"Some people watch Netflix, some people play golf, and Hamish goes to the bottom of the ocean, or into space, and he's set world records flying around the planet," he told BBC Radio 4 Today's programme.

Lucy Cosnett, Mr Harding's cousin and goddaughter, called for a full investigation into his death as she described him as a "lovely caring person".

"When I read they had heard banging noises I was feeling hopeful that maybe it was coming from the submersible. But then yesterday was the worst when I heard that he didn't make it, that they all died," she said.

"There should have been more safety checks done. The company OceanGate should have done more… it should be fully investigated, to see what went wrong, why it happened, why they didn't survive."

Ms Cosnett added she was also feeling sad that she would not be able to wish her godfather a happy birthday as he would have turned 59 years old this weekend.

Mr Harding - along with Paul-Henry Nargeolet who was also on board - was a member of the Explorers Club, a little known century-old exploration group whose members have included Sir Edmund Hillary and Amelia Earhart.

Its president, Richard Garriott de Cayeux, said Mr Harding's excitement over the expedition had been palpable during a meeting at last week's Global Exploration Summit.

British businessman Shahzada Dawood was from one of Pakistan's richest families. He was travelling on the sub with his son Suleman, a student.

Mr Dawood lived with his wife, Christine, and other child, Alina, in Surbiton, south-west London. The family were spending a month in Canada prior to the dive.

Shahzada was vice-chairman of Pakistani conglomerate Engro Corporation, which is a large fertiliser firm.

He worked with his family's Dawood Foundation, as well as the SETI Institute, a California-based research organisation which searches for extra-terrestrial life.

Shahzada was also a supporter of two charities founded by King Charles III - the British Asian Trust and the Prince's Trust International.

A Palace spokesperson previously said the King's "thoughts and prayers" were with all those onboard.

Will Straw, the chief executive officer of Prince's Trust International, said he was "deeply saddened by this terrible news".

The British Asian Trust said it was an "unfathomable tragedy".

"We try to find solace in the enduring legacy of humility and humanity that they have left behind and find comfort in the belief that they passed on to the next leg of their spiritual journey hand-in-hand, father and son," a spokesperson for the trust added.

Shahzada's family said he was interested in "exploring different natural habitats", and had previously spoken at both the United Nations and Oxford Union.

He studied in Philadelphia, in the US, and the University of Buckingham in England, where he graduated in 1998.

Suleman was a student at the University of Strathclyde in Glasgow, where he had just completed his first year at the university's Business School.

Following news of his and his father's death, Suleman's aunt told NBC News the 19-year-old had said he felt "terrified" about the trip, but wanted to please his dad.

A family statement described the teenager as a "big fan of science fiction literature and learning new things", and having an interest in Rubik's cubes and playing volleyball.

He recently graduated from ACS International School Cobham in Surrey, according to local media reports.

The university's principal and vice-chancellor, Prof Sir Jim McDonald, wrote to students to inform them that Suleman was in the missing sub.

He said the student wellbeing team was available to support those affected by the news.

The plight of Suleman and his fellow passengers had been raised at First Minister's Questions in the Scottish Parliament.

First Minister Humza Yousaf said: "My thoughts are very much with the families and the communities that are affected."

Paul-Henry Nargeolet was a diver in the French Navy

Also on board was Mr Nargeolet, a former French Navy diver.

Nicknamed Mr Titanic, he reportedly spent more time at the wreck than any other explorer and was part of the first expedition to visit it in 1987, just two years after it was found.

He was director of underwater research at a company that owns the rights to the Titanic wreck.

According to a company profile, Mr Nargeolet supervised the recovery of thousands of Titanic artefacts, including the "big piece", a 20-tonne section of the boat's hull.

Family spokesman Mathieu Johann described Mr Nargeolet as a "super-hero for us in France".

"He is the world specialist on the Titanic, its conception, the shipwreck, he has dived in four corners of the world," he told Reuters.

Éric Derrien, director at Genavir, a subsidiary of the French Research Institute for Exploitation of the Sea, where Mr Nargeolet had worked for more than 10 years, said staff "shared the grief of his family and friends".

"We are deeply saddened by the death of this insatiable explorer of the ocean, who left his mark on Genavir. His dives will remain engraved in the memory of French oceanography," he said.

"We would also like to extend our sincerest condolences to the families of the Titan's other passengers."

Shortly before boarding the sub, Mr Nargeolet said he had been looking forward to an expedition next year to recover objects from the wreck, he added.

Mr Nargeolet's wife, Anne, who is French, lives in Connecticut, while his children live outside of France, according to Reuters.

Sign up for our UK morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

Do you know anyone involved with the Titanic submersible? Have you been or worked on a similar expedition? Share with us by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

A power struggle between Sudan's army and paramilitary group the Rapid Support Forces (RSF), erupted in the country's capital city of Khartoum.

The army has said that jets have hit bases belonging to the RSF and gunfire has been taken place on the streets.

Here's a simple guide to what's going on in Sudan.

Panorama spent months filming undercover at the secure hospital in County Durham to expose wrongdoing

Four carers have been found guilty of ill-treating patients at a secure hospital, following a BBC Panorama investigation.

Nine former staff at Whorlton Hall, near Barnard Castle, County Durham, had faced a total of 27 charges. Five of those on trial have been cleared.

Jurors heard vulnerable patients were mocked and treated with "contempt".

Lawyers for the defendants argued their clients had been doing their best in very challenging circumstances.

The men found guilty have been bailed and will be sentenced at Teesside Crown Court in July.

Matthew Banner threatened a patient who preferred female carers that men would be called to her room

The specialist hospital for people with complex needs, who required 24-hour-care, was privately run by Cygnet but funded by the NHS.

Panorama sent undercover reporter Olivia Davies to work shifts at the 17-bed unit for two months between December 2018 and February 2019.

Durham Constabulary subsequently launched an investigation and within two days of the programme going on air 10 carers were arrested.

It said its major crime team worked through months of hidden camera footage, as well as significant amounts of documentary records and witness evidence.

Whorlton Hall was closed shortly after the documentary was broadcast.

Peter Bennett, 53, mocked one patient with communication difficulties by speaking to them in French

At Teesside Crown Court, jurors delivered the mixed verdicts after two days of deliberation.

Peter Bennett, 53, of Redworth Close in Billingham, Teesside, was found guilty of two charges and cleared of one.

Matthew Banner, 43, of Faulkner Road, Newton Aycliffe, County Durham, was found guilty on five counts and cleared of one.

Ryan Fuller, 27, of Deerbolt Bank in Barnard Castle was found guilty of two counts but cleared of eight.

John Sanderson, 25, of Cambridge Avenue, Willington, County Durham, was found guilty of one count but cleared of another.

Karen McGhee, Darren Lawton, Sabah Mahmood, Niall Mellor and Sara Banner - Matthew Banner's wife - were cleared of all charges.

John Sanderson, 25, was filmed by Panorama making threats of violence to a man

Some of the defendants wept loudly as the verdicts were read out.

Bennett was convicted for "deliberately referencing and snapping balloons" in the presence of a female patient who did not like them and "mocking" another's communication difficulties by talking to her in French.

Matthew Banner was guilty of ill-treating the same patient, who preferred female carers, by "threatening" that men would be sent to her room and making repeated references to balloons.

Sanderson was found guilty of threatening a male patient with violence and "goading him to fight".

Fuller was guilty of instructing another male patient to lie on the floor to demonstrate a restraint and then simulating an assault by pretending to perform an "elbow drop" wrestling move from a chair.

He was also found guilty of "antagonising" another male patient and "encouraging" him to fight.

Ryan Fuller had faced 10 charges of mistreating patients and was convicted of two

Speaking after the verdicts, Christopher Atkinson, of the Crown Prosecution Service, said the four men had a "duty of care for patients who, due to significant mental health issues, were wholly dependent on their support every day of their lives".

He said it was "clear" there were times when the care provided was "not only devoid of the appropriate respect and kindness required but also crossed the line into criminal offending".

Dan Scorer, head of policy at disability charity Mencap, said: "No-one who has seen the footage and read about the charges in this case can feel anything other than horror and disgust.

"Learning disabilities and autism are not conditions that can be 'treated', yet the NHS and the government continue to fund private care facilities like Whorlton Hall.

"This distressing case represents another abject failure, and we cannot allow any more people to lose years of their lives to this abusive system."

Whorlton Hall has been closed since the 2019 Panorama documentary

NHS North East and Yorkshire described the events exposed by the BBC as "terrible" and "shocking". A spokesperson said the NHS "took immediate action by closing the Cygnet unit as soon as concerns were raised".

The Department of Health and Social Care said: "Today's verdict reflects a terrible set of events that should never have happened and we do not want to see happening again.

"We will review the verdict of the trial in detail, along with the safeguarding adult review when it is completed, in order to consider any further action."

Follow BBC North East & Cumbria on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Send your story ideas to northeastandcumbria@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Sharon Stone's famous flash in the 1992 hit movie Basic Instinct made the judge award custody of her son to the father, the actress says.

Actress Sharon Stone says one of her most famous roles caused her to lose custody of her son in 2004.

Her famous flash in the 1992 Basic Instinct warped perceptions of her, Stone said on a podcast.

"Do you know your mother makes sex movies?" Stone recalled the judge asking her four-year-old son.

Backlash from the scene, where she briefly exposes herself while crossing her legs, has made her avoid similar roles, she says.

Stone and her then-husband Ron Bronstein adopted their son, Roan, in 2000. But when the couple divorced in 2004, the judge awarded custody to Mr Bronstein.

The loss caused Stone severe heartache, she told host Bruce Bozzi on the Table for Two podcast.

"I ended up in the Mayo Clinic with extra heartbeats in my upper and lower chamber of my heart," Stone said. "It literally broke my heart."

Considering how much sex and nudity appears on TV today, Stone said, her treatment after the hit movie was brutal.

"You saw maybe like a 16th of a second of possible nudity of me," Stone said. "And I lost custody of my child."

Stone said others in Hollywood judged her for her role in the erotic thriller as Catherine Tramell, a novelist who seduces a police detective, played by Michael Douglas.

"I got nominated for a Golden Globe for that part, and when I went to the Golden Globes and they called my name, a bunch of people in the room laughed," Stone said.

"I was so humiliated," she said. "I was like, does anybody have any idea how hard it was to play that part? How gut-wrenching and frightening"?

Stone said she now avoids roles that cast women in a sexualised light or with dark personalities. But she added that fans should not confuse actors with their characters.

"The guy who played Jeffery Dahmer — no one thinks he's a [person] who eats people," Stone said. "It makes him a very complex person who took an incredibly difficult part."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Former X Factor contestant Lucy Spraggan has told BBC News that taking part in the show in 2012 felt like being in "an abusive relationship".

She has revealed the reason she left the ITV show abruptly after week three was because she had been raped, and was not ill, as reported at the time.

The singer-songwriter says the industry needs to change to better protect people taking part in reality TV shows.

Both ITV and Fremantle say they are evolving their duty of care processes.

X Factor was made for ITV by Talkback Thames - part of production company Fremantle - and Simon Cowell's company Syco.

Simon Cowell has described what happened to Spraggan as "horrific and heartbreaking".

Spraggan has waived her legal right to anonymity, granted to victims of sexual offences, to speak to the BBC in her first broadcast interview.

In 2012, X Factor was one of the UK's most-watched TV shows and Spraggan became an overnight sensation when millions watched her audition.

"From that moment on, my life changed forever," she tells the BBC.

"From the beginning, they kind of make you into a caricature of yourself. It's almost like there's a storyline written for you," she adds.

Lucy sang a song she had written herself at her 2012 audition

Spraggan, who was 20 at the time, says the contestants were immediately put under huge pressure.

"From the very first stage that message was reiterated and reiterated and reiterated to the point where that's all you believe - [that] 'this is the biggest opportunity of my life,'" she says.

Now 31, she says she has never since experienced a situation where "somebody completely takes the reins of my life".

"If I had experienced that again, as a normal human being, I would have said that I would have been in an abusive relationship."

Spraggan details her experiences on the show in her new memoir, Process: Finding My Way Through, including the sexual assault.

It happened at a hotel where she and her fellow contestant - the broadcaster Rylan Clark - had been moved to, away from the others.

They had initially been staying at the luxury Corinthia Hotel in central London, where Spraggan says they were guarded by 24-hour security.

She says the show's producers told her the hotel had asked the pair to leave because they were "causing too much trouble". Headlines had branded them "party animals".

"So Rylan and I always sort of were under the impression that we were removed, because that supported the narrative," Spraggan says.

The pair were not given additional security at the new hotel, she adds.

If you are affected by any of the issues in this story, please visit BBC Action Line.

The night they were moved, Spraggan attended Rylan's birthday party at a club in Mayfair.

Spraggan says she can't remember what happened that night and has pieced together the incident through information from the police and others.

She knows she was not conscious - because she had been drinking alcohol at the party - when she was escorted back to the hotel by a member of the production team.

"The hotel porter that had offered his help to get me up to bed… got a key card, let himself into my room and raped me," she explains.

In 2013, the porter pleaded guilty to the attack and was sentenced to 10 years in prison.

Rylan was the first person Spraggan told about what happened. "He was unbelievable," she says, describing him as "an angel".

Spraggan says being examined by police for evidence was "one of the worst experiences" of her life. But she also knew that the show - which turned unknowns into singing stars - was the biggest opportunity of her life, and the fourth live show was due to be filmed the following day.

"It was like, this extraordinary thing's happened. The police are here, I've just had this examination. And people still asking me, 'What do you want to do? What do you want to do?' And I was like, 'I want to carry on with the show.'

"It kind of shows you what kind of world you are in, in what kind of mindset you are in, to not be able to really measure what has happened, and what you should do now."

Lucy says the day after the attack she was put in another hotel room, with a security guard outside.

"I remember sort of having to peel myself away from jumping off the balcony. Like having to consciously do that."

Spraggan's next album, called Balance, will be released in August

She decided to leave the show after week three of the competition. But she wasn't voted out by the public or the show's judges - she realised that mentally she couldn't continue.

To explain why she had left, ITV announced that she was ill. Spraggan says she feels she had to go along with the narrative at the time, but says she is now relieved she can tell the truth.

Spraggan felt like she didn't get enough support in the aftermath of the attack - and in the following years her mental health deteriorated considerably and she abused alcohol and drugs. She has now been sober for nearly four years.

Fremantle said: "Whilst we believed throughout that we were doing our best to support Lucy, as Lucy thinks we could have done more, we must therefore recognise this. For everything Lucy has suffered, we are extremely sorry."

The star is now calling for all production and broadcast companies to better consider employees' and participants' mental health - by setting aside a portion of their budgets to invest in mental wellbeing services.

"I don't want to destroy anything. I want to build a better infrastructure," she says.

"We need these shows, because there's a thriving community of talented people who just don't have the funds and the opportunity to get there."

X Factor's creator, Simon Cowell was not a judge in 2012 because he was in America launching X Factor US. Spraggan says she was ready to give him "a piece of my mind" when he called her, after she had contacted his people to say she was writing her book.

She says he said, "Lucy, before you or I say anything else, the first thing I need to tell you is that I am sorry."

Spraggan reflects: "It makes me emotional because no-one else said sorry. And all it took was this one man to treat me like a human being, 11 years later."

In 2021, Ofcom, the broadcast regulator, announced changes to its Broadcasting Code to better protect people made vulnerable by their participation in TV shows. The changes were introduced after suicides involving contestants from Love Island and The Jeremy Kyle Show in 2018 and 2019.

Earlier this year, the BBC and ITV announced they were joining forces to recruit more registered psychologists to support TV programmes in their duty of care to contributors.

"My voice is extremely inconvenient for a lot of people. I've been petrified of telling the truth, because I'll lose what I have," Spraggan says.

"If I have to be the first person who says 'I'm actually not scared to stand up against you [the industry]', I will. And hopefully it inspires other people to be a little bit braver too."

In a statement, ITV said it had "the deepest compassion for Lucy". It said the production companies, Fremantle and Syco, were primarily responsible for the duty of care towards all of its programme contributors.

But it added it "is committed to having in place… robust oversight procedures, to [ensure] that independent producers employ the correct processes to protect the mental health and welfare of participants".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Naga Munchetty explains she’s been living with menstrual pain for decades.

The BBC's Naga Munchetty has revealed she has a debilitating womb condition.

Naga lives with a constant pain that can become so acute that she has to scream. A flare-up at the weekend was so bad her husband called an ambulance.

The presenter told her BBC Radio 5 Live listeners: "The pain was so terrible I couldn't move, turn over, sit up. I screamed non-stop for 45 minutes."

One in 10 women is thought to have adenomyosis, yet it can often go undiagnosed for years.

Naga has been sharing with her listeners her agonising wait for answers and a treatment.

She said: "Right now as I sit here talking to you: I am in pain. Constant, nagging pain.

"In my uterus. Around my pelvis. Sometimes it runs down my thighs.

"And I'll have some level of pain for the entire show and for the rest of the day until I go to sleep."

Other women have been in touch sharing their experiences.

Naga, 48, says she is resisting the hysterectomy route at the moment.

Jen says her pain was not taken seriously for decades

Jen Moore, 34 and from Cambridge, had a hysterectomy very recently to treat hers.

Naga recorded an interview with her in the days leading up to the surgery.

Jen said: "I know it's the right decision for me and my body. But it's a massive decision at any age."

Jen does not have children but says she always thought she would have the option or chance. "So there is a little bit of emotional rollercoaster going on."

She says the pain of adenomyosis "feels like I have a bowling ball sat inside my pelvis pushing out on the bones from the inside out trying to break them. It's excruciating... It's relentless."

Like Naga, Jen's symptoms began as a teenager when she started her periods.

"I vividly remember being 11 and on my parents' bedroom floor unable to stand up straight, passing out every month from pain and blood loss."

When the family sought medical help, Jen was put on the contraceptive pill to "regulate" her hormones and sent home with no other investigations or a diagnosis.

Jen remained on it until she turned 30, still experiencing monthly bleeds that were "crazy heavy" and "like a horror scene".

"Whenever I would go to the doctor to explain it's happening, again, I was just told 'it's normal'. At one point I was told to 'stop making a fuss'.

"So eventually you just start questioning yourself, don't you? Almost gaslighting yourself."

Jen persevered with seeking help though and was recently referred to a specialist doctor who diagnosed her condition - adenomyosis, plus another problem called endometriosis.

Jen says: "I'm angry, I'm infuriated, I am devastated. I'm all of these things."

She got tired of people saying "but you don't look sick" and turned to her make-up artist friend, Kate, to help show what the condition feels like, by painting bruises and cuts on her abdomen and thighs. She has posted photos on Instagram to raise awareness.

GP Nighat Arif, who specialises in women's health and has written a book about menstruation and menopause, says awareness about the condition among healthcare professionals is improving.

But she says it can be difficult to "join the dots" and make a speedy diagnosis because the symptoms can be mistaken for other things and can vary between women.

"Even on an ultrasound scan the diagnosis of adenomyosis can be missed or not seen. Many younger women also can get placed on hormonal contraceptive treatments to manage heavy periods and therefore 'mask' the diagnosis," she says.

Consultant gynaecologist Liza Ball advised: "Period issues often get 'normalised', which is frustrating. Ask to see a GP with gynaecology training to discuss treatment options that suit you.

"Don't suffer in silence and seek help if you think you have adenomyosis."

The Department of Health and Social Care says it is committed to improving the health of women - it recently launched a 10-year Women's Health Strategy for England - and will be updating health information provided on the NHS website to provide more detail on conditions such as adenomyosis.

Julia Allen from Cardiff was eventually diagnosed with adenomyosis and endometriosis in her mid-forties after decades of suffering.

She says she was "back and forth to the doctor" from the age of 14 due to very heavy and painful periods.

"I would have to take spare clothes to school and eventually work due to the flooding I experienced. This was mortifying, especially in a time when people didn't talk about these kinds of things," she says.

"Over the years I was told it was irritable bowel syndrome or constipation. I eventually had a scan, where speckling in my uterus showed up. The GP turned to me and said 'I don't know how to treat you' and that was that."

Julia says she was never able to conceive, despite repeated rounds of IVF treatment, which she believes may have made her adenomyosis worse.

"When I eventually had my hysterectomy my consultant came to my room and said 'if I had seen you 20 years earlier, you could've had a baby'. It crushed me. My organs and insides have been ravaged."

Have you been affected by the issues raised in this story? Help and support is available via BBC Action Line.

Have you been affected by the issues in this story? Email your experiences haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. WATCH: All the times Eurovision's presenters stole the show

The grand final of the Eurovision Song Contest has concluded in Liverpool, where acts from 26 countries competed to win the crystal microphone.

Sweden's Loreen won with her pop anthem Tattoo, but throughout the competition, fans were treated to a visual and musical feast.

From a surprise musical appearance by the Princess of Wales to neon green bolero jackets, here's a recap of some of the contest's most memorable moments.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Finland Käärijä's began his performance in a wooden crate while wearing an eye-catching neon green bolero jacket.

Delighting the audience with his eccentric techno tune, he was joined by backing dancers in neon pink, who formed what can only be described as a human caterpillar. But the roars of approval continued, both in the press room and the Eurovision village.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Audiences were caught off guard when comedian Mel Giedroyc, of Polish descent, was seen churning butter in a nod to the Polish entry Donatan and Cleo from 2014.

The BBC Eurovision Twitter account posted: "Mel Giedroyc as a butter churning Polish milkmaid! Give her an NTA right now!

"Just when I thought I couldn't love Mel any more."

Belgium's entry, Gustaph, hit the high notes in pink parachute pants and a giant white hat, to a backdrop of voguing dancers.

He called his 90s anthem "Because Of You" an "unabashed love letter to freedom" and "an ode to the queer community".

Many on social media compared him to British singer Boy George.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by tom This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Serbia arrives on stage in alien pod (UK only)

Luke Black's performance was one of the most commented upon on social media, but perhaps not for the right reasons. As Graham Norton remarked, the Serbian singer appeared to start his act from a "soap dish".

But it wasn't just the visuals that failed to impress him. "There's much better ear worms later in the show", he said. "Sadly Serbia isn't one of them."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch the Princess of Wales appear in surprise Eurovision cameo (UK only)

The Princess of Wales accompanied Kalush Orchestra to the piano in a surprise appearance. The performance lasted just 10 seconds, but it was more than enough time to wow audiences.

Dressed in a midnight blue Jenny Packham dress, she played an instrumental piece, created by Joe Price and Kojo Samuel, recorded in Windsor Castle's Crimson Drawing Room.

Sweden's Loreen delivered her party anthem from inside a box, dressed in a sand-coloured leather two-piece with huge fake nails.

She became the first woman to win Eurovision twice. Her winning pop-hit, "Euphoria", which she performed in 2012, has become one of the most profitable songs in the history of Eurovision.

The SNP's ruling body has called for Peter Murrell to stand down from his role as the party's chief executive

A group of members of the SNP's ruling body is trying to oust the party's chief executive, Peter Murrell.

A source on the national executive committee told the BBC Nicola Sturgeon's husband was a "hindrance".

A majority of members are prepared to support a motion of no confidence in Mr Murrell if he does not stand down.

It comes after a week of chaos in the SNP, which saw two leadership candidates question the independence of the election process.

One source on the committee told the BBC: "Peter's time has come. There's a really strong feeling among a number of NEC members that he is now a hindrance and damaging the party and it would be wise for him to announce a date for his departure".

The party was also forced to confirm a massive drop in its membership numbers, a situation the party had previously denied.

That prompted the resignation of the SNP's head of media at Holyrood, Murray Foote, who said there were "serious issues" with statements he had issued in "good faith" on behalf of party headquarters.

The NEC source said Mr Foote had been "thrown under the bus" by Peter Murrell who is the husband of First Minister Nicola Sturgeon.

A second member of the committee said there were no circumstances in which Mr Murrell could continue as party chief executive.

A third member of the committee indicated that the situation was moving fast and that there could be developments later in the day.

Peter Murrell has been approached for comment.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The death toll from Tuesday's train crash in Greece has increased to 57, a coroner has told the BBC.

Eleni Zaggelidou, one of ten coroners working on the investigation, said DNA had been taken from 57 intact bodies.

A government minister said austerity during Greece's economic crisis in the 2000s had contributed to a lack of investment in the railways.

Rail workers held a one-day strike on Thursday following the disaster, blaming government neglect.

More than 2,000 people protested for a second day in Athens and Thessaloniki, shocked by the disaster near the city of Larissa.

"We are angry at the company, at the government and past governments that did nothing to improve conditions in the Greek railway," said pensioner Stavros Nantis in Athens.

Rescue workers are still going through burned and buckled carriages, searching for victims.

This was the "most difficult moment", rescuer Konstantinos Imanimidis told Reuters news agency, because "instead of saving lives, we have to recover bodies".

A passenger service carrying 350 people collided with a freight train just before midnight on Tuesday after they ended up on the same track - causing the front carriages to burst into flames.

The railway workers' strike began at 06:00 local time (04:00 GMT), hitting national rail services and the subway in Athens.

Many in Greece see the crash as an accident that had been waiting to happen, and the union blamed successive governments' "disrespect" towards Greek railways for leading to this "tragic result".

During a visit to a hospital where relatives of the missing had gathered, Zoe Rapti, Greece's deputy minister of health, told the BBC that investing in the rail network had been made more difficult by the Greek debt crisis around 2010, which led to drastic austerity measures in exchange for a financial rescue by the EU and International Monetary Fund.

"Of course, things should have been done during these years but, as you remember, Greece faced a big economic crisis for more than 10 years, which means that many things went back," she said.

She said a "wide investigation" would take place, which she promised would provide answers.

Government spokesman Giannis Oikonomous also said "chronic delays" in implementing rail projects were rooted in "distortions" in the country's public sector going back decades.

A 59-year-old station master in Larissa has been charged with manslaughter by negligence and is due to appear in court on Thursday. He has admitted to having a share of responsibility in the accident, his lawyer Stefanos Pantzartzidis said outside the courthouse.

"He is literally devastated. Since the first moment, he has assumed responsibility proportionate to him," Mr Pantzartzidis said, hinting that the station master, who has not been publicly named, was not the only one to blame.

Transport Minister Kostas Karamanlis resigned over the crash, saying he would take responsibility for the authorities' "longstanding failures" to fix a railway system that was not fit for the 21st Century.

But Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis's suggestion that "tragic human error" was to blame has caused anger.

On Wednesday night, rioters clashed with police outside the headquarters of Hellenic Train in Athens - the company responsible for maintaining Greece's railways.

Tear gas was used to disperse protesters, who threw stones and lit fires in the streets.

At a silent vigil in Larissa to commemorate the victims of the incident, one demonstrator said he felt the disaster had been long coming.

"The rail network looked problematic, with worn down, badly paid staff," Nikos Savva, a medical student from Cyprus, told AFP news agency.

The station master arrested should not pay the price "for a whole ailing system", he argued.

Many of the passengers on board were students in their 20s returning to Thessaloniki after a long weekend celebrating Greek Orthodox Lent.

Fire brigade spokesperson Vassilis Varthakogiannis said temperatures inside the first carriage - which burst into flames - had reached 1,300C (2,370F), making it "hard to identify the people who were inside".

Local media have reported that more than 10 people are still missing, as Greece observes three days of national mourning.

Families have given DNA samples to help identification efforts, with the results expected on Thursday.

One of those, a woman called Katerina searching for her missing brother, a passenger on the train, shouted "Murderers!" outside the hospital in Larissa, directing her anger towards the government and the rail company, Reuters reports.

Kostas Malizos, a recently retired surgeon and Emeritus Professor at Greece's University of Thessaly, has returned to work to perform surgery on injured passengers.

"It's a disaster, it's catastrophic," he said. "Families are crying tonight. Unfortunately, the majority of the lost people are young students. They left home, happy after the long weekend, to go for their studies or to see their relatives and never reached them."

Protesters rallied outside the HQ of Greek rail operator Hellenic Train in Athens

In Larissa people queued to donate blood for the many train crash injured

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

How have you been personally affected by this story? Tell us by emailing: haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Ex-Health Secretary Matt Hancock has accused a journalist of a "massive betrayal and breach of trust" after she leaked texts he sent during Covid.

Isabel Oakeshott defended releasing WhatsApps she obtained when working on Mr Hancock's book, arguing it was in the "overwhelming national interest".

BBC political correspondent Jonathan Blake has been looking into the row.

Filming and editing by Alex Smith, Serene Khalifeh and Thomas Mason

Update 21st July 2023: We acknowledge that the information we reported - that Coutts' decision on Nigel Farage's account did not involve considerations about his political views - turned out not to be accurate. Since this article was originally published on the 4th July, Mr Farage submitted a subject access request to Coutts bank and obtained a report from the bank's reputational risk committee. While it mentioned commercial considerations, the document also said the committee did not think continuing to have Mr Farage as a client was "compatible with Coutts given his publicly-stated views that were at odds with our position as an inclusive organisation". We have amended this article's headline and copy to make clear that the details about the closure of Nigel Farage's bank account came from a source.

Nigel Farage fell below the financial threshold required to hold an account at Coutts, the prestigious private bank for the wealthy, the BBC has been told.

It is understood he was subsequently offered a standard account at NatWest which owns Coutts.

Mr Farage has said he believes his account is being shut for political reasons and he has since been turned down by nine other lenders.

But a source familiar with Coutts' move said it was a "commercial" decision.

"The criteria for holding a Coutts account are clear from the bank's website," they told the BBC.

Coutts requires its customers to borrow or invest at least £1m with the bank or hold £3m in savings.

Speaking to the BBC from France, Mr Farage did not dispute the fact that he did not meet Coutts' threshold, but added: "They didn't have a problem with it for the last 10 years."

The former leader of the UK Independence Party and Brexiteer later tweeted that at "no point"" had Coutts given him a minimum threshold.

He added that his business account was being closed despite the fact that last year he had "large significant positive cash balances" going through it.

Coutts said it did not comment on individuals' accounts.

Mr Farage recently posted a six-minute video on Twitter blaming "serious political persecution" from an anti-Brexit banking industry.

He said that losing his bank account was the equivalent of being a "non-person" and that the decision may "fundamentally affect my future career and whether I can even go on staying living here in this country".

Speaking to BBC Radio 4's the World at One on Tuesday, Mr Farage said that Coutts had given him "no reason whatsoever" when they wrote to say that his accounts would be closed, and he was given two months to find a new bank.

Mr Farage also disputed the fact that he was offered a NatWest account at the time his Coutts accounts were withdrawn. He says the offer of a NatWest account came late last week.

The former politician said the bank only did this when he "went public" with his story, and that it only offered him a personal account, not a business account.

"Well what use to me is that?" he told the BBC. "I operate through a business, that's how I live. Any income that comes to me personally comes through my business."

The BBC understands that the offer of a NatWest account still stands.

Mr Farage claims other banks have refused to take him on as a customer on the grounds that he is a "politically exposed person" (PEP).

A PEP generally presents a higher risk for financial institutions as regulators consider such people to be more exposed to the risk of potential involvement in bribery and corruption by virtue of their position and the influence they may hold.

Mr Farage told the BBC: "Are you telling me that all the other banks say it was a PEP thing and Coutts wasn't? Draw your own conclusions."

Speaking on GB News later on Tuesday, he questioned why Coutts's had been "discussing my financial situation publicly," adding it was not "ethical".

A Treasury spokesman said it would be a "serious concern" if financial services were being denied to those exercising their right to lawful free speech.

"We are already looking into this issue and have passed a law that requires the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) to review how banks treat politically exposed persons - so we can strike the right balance between the customer's right to free speech and the bank's right to manage commercial risk."

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: The Pentagon leaks explained in under 60 seconds.

The UK is among a number of countries with military special forces operating inside Ukraine, according to one of dozens of documents leaked online.

It confirms what has been the subject of quiet speculation for over a year.

The leaked files, some marked "top secret", paint a detailed picture of the war in Ukraine, including sensitive details of Ukraine's preparations for a spring counter-offensive.

The US government says it is investigating the source of the leak.

According to the document, dated 23 March, the UK has the largest contingent of special forces in Ukraine (50), followed by fellow Nato states Latvia (17), France (15), the US (14) and the Netherlands (1).

The document does not say where the forces are located or what they are doing.

The numbers of personnel may be small, and will doubtless fluctuate. But special forces are by their very nature highly effective. Their presence in Ukraine is likely to be seized upon by Moscow, which has in recent months argued that it is not just confronting Ukraine, but Nato as well.

In line with its standard policy on such matters, the UK's Ministry of Defence has not commented, but in a tweet on Tuesday said the leak of alleged classified information had demonstrated what it called a "serious level of inaccuracy".

"Readers should be cautious about taking at face value allegations that have the potential to spread misinformation," it said.

It did not elaborate or suggest which specific documents it was referring to. However, Pentagon officials are quoted as saying the documents are real.

One document, which detailed the number of casualties suffered in Ukraine on both sides, did appear to have been doctored.

UK special forces are made up of several elite military units with distinct areas of expertise, and are regarded to be among the most capable in the world.

The British government has a policy of not commenting on its special forces, in contrast to other countries including the US.

The UK has been vociferous in its support of Ukraine, and is the second largest donor after the US of military aid to Kyiv.

US Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin said the Department of Justice had opened a criminal investigation and he was determined to find the source of the leak.

"We will continue to investigate and turn over every rock until we find the source of this and the extent of it," he said.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Expert says US and Egypt ready to move forward after leak

Rishi Sunak: "I'm going to keep calling it the Brecon Beacons"

Rishi Sunak says he will keep using the English name Brecon Beacons, which the national park has dropped.

It rebranded with its Welsh name, Bannau Brycheiniog, this month, a decision criticised by Welsh Tories.

Ahead of this weekend's Welsh Conservative conference, the prime minister said he thought "most people" would still say the Brecon Beacons.

He also defended railway funding after the Senedd said Wales was owed money from HS2.

In a TV interview, the prime minister said he was a "big supporter of the Welsh language and Welsh culture" and funding for S4C was rising.

The UK government no longer directly funds S4C, but has increased the amount of licence fee funding it gets.

On Friday Mr Sunak told the Welsh Conservative conference in Newport that said Wales would not get more powers from Westminster.

The national park says the change promotes the area's culture and heritage

Mr Sunak added: "But when it comes to the Brecon Beacons, the first thing to say is this is an internationally renowned place to visit, attracts visitors from all around the world.

"It's something we're all really proud of across the UK.

"I'm going to keep calling it the Brecon Beacons, and I would imagine most people will do that too."

Park bosses have said the change promotes the area's culture and heritage and is part of a wider overhaul of how the park is managed.

But the leader of the Conservatives in the Senedd, Andrew RT Davies, has said the name change undermined an already well-known tourist destination.

Welsh Tories this week joined calls in the Senedd for Wales to get more rail funding in a debate about HS2.

The high-speed route has officially been classed as an England and Wales project, even though it does not cross the border.

Critics say if it was labelled England-only it would, under devolution, deliver billions of pounds for Wales.

All parties, including the Conservatives, backed a Senedd motion calling on the UK government to redesignate the line.

The prime minister said there was an "established funding settlement for these things" but that HS2 would particularly benefit mid and north Wales.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Struggling with the pronunciation of Bannau Brycheiniog? Here's Steff to help you out

"When you look at the connections to places like Birmingham and Crewe, that will considerably reduce journey times to London," he said.

He cited £350m worth of rail improvements, announced in 2020.

A line connecting Cardiff Central and Cardiff Bay stations will also get £50m from the UK government's levelling up fund.

Mr Sunak's interview comes days after the Trussell Trust revealed it had distributed a record number of emergency food parcels in Wales, with 69,683 going to children in a year.

Asked if he was "embarrassed or ashamed" that was happening on his watch, he said "of course I don't want anyone to have to use a food bank" and paid tribute to volunteers.

UK government schemes to help people with their energy bills and raising the national living wage would help with the cost of living, he said.

Demand for emergency food parcels in Wales is reported to have hit a record high

In his speech to the conference in Newport, Andrew RT Davies insisted no more powers should be devolved to Wales because that would be a "distraction" from improving Welsh health and education.

The Cardiff Bay Conservative leader accused "out of touch" Welsh Labour ministers of holding "extreme beliefs", prioritising "fringe issues" and "holding Wales back".

He attacked a range of Welsh government policies, including proposals to ask for more powers so Wales can pass an equivalent to the Scottish Gender Recognition Reform Act, which the UK government has blocked.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Footage from the scene shows thick black smoke coming from a destroyed building

Thirty-seven people have been injured, four of them seriously, after a large explosion in central Paris.

The blast took place in a building that housed a design school and the Catholic education system headquarters in Rue Saint-Jacques, in the fifth arrondissement of the French capital.

Emergency workers are searching through the wreckage of the building, with one person still thought to be missing.

According to witnesses, there was a strong smell of gas before the blast.

Local deputy mayor, Edouard Civel, said on social media the cause was a "gas explosion".

But authorities said the cause of the blast had not yet been determined.

Paris prosecutor Laure Beccuau said after arriving at the scene that initial checks of camera footage suggested the explosion occurred within the building, which was next to the Val de Grâce church.

The building was initially engulfed by fire, but the blaze was later brought under control, said Paris police chief Laurent Nunez.

The area has been cordoned off and Interior Minister Gérald Darmanin has been to the scene.

One of two missing people has been found in a hospital, Paris's first deputy mayor Emmanuel Grégoire said on Thursday. Rescuers are still looking for one other person.

The area where the explosion took place runs south from the Latin Quarter in Paris's Left Bank area that is popular with tourists and known for its student population.

A student at Ecole des Mines on Boulevard Saint-Michel told Le Parisien: "I was in front of the Val de Grâce, I heard a huge boom and I saw a ball of fire 20 or 30m high. And the building collapsed with a huge noise. I smelled gas, but took several minutes to come to my senses."

Another witness, Antoine Brouchot, told the BBC he was at home when he heard a "big explosion".

"I stuck my head out of the window and looked towards Cochin [hospital], then I saw a big cloud of smoke and as I got closer, there was a building that had collapsed and for the moment, there is a fire."

Are you in the area? If it is safe to do so share your experiences? Email haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

The goats out on the town during the pandemic

A council says it refuses to confine roaming goats that are causing damage to property, saying it does not want to become responsible for their welfare.

Conwy council said landowners themselves are responsible for protecting their property from damage from the Great Orme Goats.

Councillors will consider a plan to manage the herd of goats which rampaged through Llandudno during the pandemic.

Currently the animals are herded on some occasions and relocated.

The goats treated the town as an all-you-can-eat buffet

According to the Local Democracy Reporting Service, the council report warns that landowners are responsible for protecting their land and could even be responsible for the animals' welfare.

"The goats of Llandudno have roamed in a wild state for over 100 years and were originally a gift to Lord Mostyn from Queen Victoria," the council reports said.

"Although once in the ownership of Lord Mostyn, the goats have reverted to a wild state and are therefore now regarded as wild animals.

"No one person or organisation is legally responsible for the goat populations of Llandudno, and they may only become someone's property if they are 'confined'.

"As the goats are feral animals, it is therefore not the council's legal responsibility to keep the goats on the Great Orme by way of fencing or 'containment'," it said.

An elderly Australian woman with dementia is in hospital with life-threatening injuries after being Tasered by police at a care home.

Officers were called to Yallambee Lodge in Cooma, New South Wales (NSW), after reports that 95-year-old Clare Nowland was carrying a knife.

The early morning incident has sparked outcry, over what advocates say was a disproportionate response.

The New South Wales police chief has said an investigation is under way.

Ms Nowland was found "armed" with a steak knife at the care home - which is in the town of Cooma about 114km (71 miles) south of Canberra - in the early hours of Wednesday morning, Assistant Police Commissioner Peter Cotter told media on Friday.

Two officers and care home staff tried to de-escalate the situation, before she began approaching police - "it is fair to say at a slow pace" - and was Tasered.

"She had a walking frame. But she had a knife," he said.

Family friend Andrew Thaler claimed Ms Nowland was struck twice - in the chest and the back - before she fell, suffering a fractured skull and a serious brain bleed.

Her family are already grieving as they do not expect her to survive, he told BBC News.

"The family are shocked, they're confused... and the community is outraged."

"How can this happen? How do you explain this level of force? It's absurd."

Mr Thaler described Ms Nowland as being "a great service to the community and her church, very fondly regarded by a lot of people".

She appeared on TV in 2008 to mark her 80th birthday by skydiving over Canberra.

Community groups, including the NSW Council for Civil Liberties and People with Disability Australia (PwD), have criticised the police response.

"She's either one hell of an agile, fit, fast and intimidating 95-year-old woman, or there's a very poor lack of judgement [from] those police officers," PwD President Nicole Lee told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC).

"She needed somebody to... handle her with compassion and time, not Tasers."

NSW Police has launched a critical incident investigation, which Commissioner Karen Webb said is being treated with "the utmost seriousness".

"I understand and share the community concerns," she said.

The officer involved, who is reported to have 12 years' experience, has not been suspended but has been taken off active duty.

He will be interviewed as part of the investigation, which will include the homicide squad.

"No officer, not one of us, is above the law," Mr Cotter said.

"All our actions will be scrutinised robustly from a criminal perspective as well."

The care home, which is run by the Snowy Monaro Regional Council, has defended its response. The staff followed procedures and did what was needed in the circumstances, the council's chief operating officer Jeff Morgan told local media.

Yallambee Lodge opened in 1995 and looks after residents with "higher needs", according to its website.

Ms Nowland has lived at the home for more than five years, the ABC reported.

US President Joe Biden has described a shooting at a 16th birthday party in Alabama as outrageous and unacceptable. He has once again called for assault weapons and ammunition to be banned.

Teenagers were among the four victims, but police haven’t given any details about the suspect or a possible motive.

One victim has been named by local media as Phil Dowdell, a star high school athlete.

At a news conference, senior trooper Jeremy Burkett expressed sympathy for the victims’ relatives - but warned that the investigation wasn’t likely to be quick:

Quote Message: There were four lives, not fatalities, lives tragically lost in this incident. This is gonna be a long, complicated process but we’re gonna work in a methodical way to go through this scene, to look at the facts and ensure that justice is brought to bear for the families." from Senior Trooper Jeremy Burkett There were four lives, not fatalities, lives tragically lost in this incident. This is gonna be a long, complicated process but we’re gonna work in a methodical way to go through this scene, to look at the facts and ensure that justice is brought to bear for the families."

It takes the US to a grim milestone of more than 140 mass shootings in the country so far this year.

The Republican governor of Alabama, Kay Ivey, also released a statement, saying violence had no place in the state.

She is a strong supporter of second amendment rights and last year signed a law which ended the requirement to obtain a permit to carry a concealed handgun in public.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: What Mary Quant's miniskirts looked like in the 1960s

Model Twiggy Lawson has led the tributes to designer Dame Mary Quant, who has died aged 93.

The fashion legend passed away "peacefully at home in Surrey", her family announced on Thursday.

Dame Mary was credited with popularising the miniskirts that helped define the Swinging '60s.

Twiggy, who became a style icon during the era, said Dame Mary had "such an influence on young girls in the late 50s early 60s".

"She revolutionised fashion and was a brilliant female entrepreneur," she wrote in a social media post. "The 1960s would have never been the same without her."

Former Vogue editor Alexandra Shulman called Dame Mary a "leader of fashion but also in female entrepreneurship", adding she was "a visionary who was much more than a great haircut."

Vanessa Friedman, the fashion director of the International New York Times, tweeted: "RIP Mary Quant, who freed the female leg. We owe you."

Her family described her as "one of the most internationally recognised fashion designers of the 20th Century and an outstanding innovator".

"She opened her first shop Bazaar in the King's Road in 1955 and her far-sighted and creative talents quickly established a unique contribution to British fashion."

Former Vogue editor Alexandra Shulman described Dame Mary (pictured in 2009) as "a visionary"

Dame Mary has been lauded for decades as an innovator whose chic designs melded comfort and practicality.

She drew inspiration from the counterculture scene that sprung up in west London in the 1950s, the area which became her base.

Taking cues from Mod style - which incorporated Italian sports clothing - she designed outfits that made women feel comfortable, rather than just items for big occasions.

It appealed widely to a generation of young women eager for an alternative to the otherwise subdued fashions commonplace in post-war Britain.

Dame Mary (pictured in 1966) was a major figure in the fashion industry in the 1960s

The Victoria & Albert Museum said: "It's impossible to overstate Quant's contribution to fashion. She represented the joyful freedom of 1960s fashion, and provided a new role model for young women.

"Fashion today owes so much to her trailblazing vision."

Photographer David Bailey, who captured much of the spirit of London in the 1960s, told the BBC that Quant "was kind of wonderful, she was very positive".

Dame Mary was one of the most influential figures in the fashion scene of the 1960s and is credited with making fashion accessible to the masses with her sleek, streamlined and vibrant designs.

Born in south-east London on 11 February 1930, Dame Mary was the daughter of two Welsh schoolteachers.

She gained a diploma in the 1950s in art education at Goldsmiths College, where she met her husband Alexander Plunket Greene, who later helped establish her brand.

A budding designer, Dame Mary was taken on as an apprentice to a milliner before making her own clothes, and in 1955 opened Bazaar, a boutique on the King's Road in Chelsea.

The shop would become the beating heart of Swinging London. Bazaar sold clothes and accessories and its basement restaurant became a meeting point for young people and artists.

The whole Chelsea district was soon attracting celebrities such as Brigitte Bardot, Audrey Hepburn, the Beatles and the Rolling Stones.

An recent exhibition of Dame Mary's work saw models wear her designs to launch the show at the V&A

Her far-sighted and creative talents quickly established a unique contribution to British fashion.

Dame Mary was arguably best known for conceiving the miniskirt and hot pants as well as helping to develop the mod style in the 1960s.

In 2014, Dame Mary, who named the skirt after her favourite make of car, recalled its "feeling of freedom and liberation".

She said: "It was the girls on King's Road who invented the mini. I was making clothes which would let you run and dance and we would make them the length the customer wanted.

"I wore them very short and the customers would say, 'shorter, shorter'."

Dame Mary told the Guardian in 1967 that "good taste is death, vulgarity is life", and raised the hemline well above the knee as she created short dresses and skirts with simple shapes and strong colours that she described as "arrogant, aggressive and sexy".

Whether or not Dame Mary actually invented the miniskirt has been the subject of a long and bitter dispute with late French designer Andre Courreges, among others.

But her role in turning the thigh-skimming super-short hemlines into an international trend has not been disputed.

Dame Mary explored geometric designs, polka dots and contrasting colours, and played with new fabrics, including PVC and stretch fabrics, to achieve a modern and playful look.

Her models were showcased in extravagant and provocative window displays overlooking the King's Road, which became a miniskirt catwalk and drew American photographers keen to picture Swinging London.

Writing in her 1966 book Quant by Quant, Dame Mary recalled: "City gents in bowler hats beat on our shop window with their umbrellas shouting 'immoral!' and 'disgusting!' at the sight of our miniskirts over the tights, but customers poured in to buy," she recalled.

As well as popularising the bob haircut pioneered by her friend Vidal Sassoon, the hairstylist and businessman, Dame Mary also created hot pants, the skinny rib sweater and waterproof mascara.

Dame Mary also created hot pants, the skinny rib sweater and waterproof mascara

Dame Mary pictured in 1972 with Vidal Sassoon (centre) and broadcaster Sir Michael Parkinson

Dame Mary, who was also a Fellow of the Chartered Society of Designers and winner of the Minerva Medal, the society's highest award, was made an OBE in 1966 and a dame in 2015 for services to the fashion industry. She was made a companion of honour in the most recent New Year Honours.

A retrospective exhibition of her work opened at the V&A in 2019 and has since toured Australia, New Zealand, Taiwan and Japan.

Reflecting on the first 20 years of her career as the show launched, Dame Mary said: "It was wonderfully exciting and despite the frenetic, hard work we had enormous fun.

"We didn't necessarily realise that what we were creating was pioneering, we were simply too busy relishing all the opportunities and embracing the results before rushing on to the next challenge."

Actress and designer Sadie Frost said she was "honoured" to front a documentary about Dame Mary's "astonishing life" in 2021.

"The more I researched and delved into her life I realised the vast impact she had on fashion, popular culture, history and women's rights," Frost said in a statement to the BBC. "I really felt like I knew and loved her. Rest in peace, Mary."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. A farmer from Conwy describes how he is trying to keep his sheep safe in snowy conditions

Nearly 300 schools were closed across Wales due to heavy snow which caused widespread disruption and cut off rural communities.

The Met Office upgraded its weather warning to amber, running from midday Thursday until 09:00 GMT on Friday.

Bus services were cancelled in Wrexham and roads closed in Denbighshire.

Schools were closed in Wrexham, Conwy, Denbighshire, Flintshire, Powys, Blaenau Gwent, Gwynedd, Torfaen and Caerphilly.

It comes after about 10cm (4in) of snow fell on Wednesday.

Flintshire council has announced all schools across the county will close on Friday as heavy snow is expected to continue to cause disruption into the morning.

There were 235 schools closed across north Wales on Thursday.

More than 200 schools were closed on Wednesday after heavy snow fell in south, west and mid Wales.

The Met Office said heavy snow was likely to cause significant disruption. The amber warning affects Conwy, Denbighshire, Flintshire, Gwynedd, Powys and Wrexham.

It also warned of ice from 04:00 on Friday to 10:00 in Blaenau Gwent, Caerphilly, Merthyr Tydfil, Monmouthshire, Neath Port Talbot, Powys, Rhondda Cynon Taf, and Torfaen.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Met Office - Wales This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

BBC weather presenter Sabrina Lee said the affected areas could see 10 to 20cm (4 to 8in) of snow, with a chance of up to 30cm (12in) on higher ground.

A yellow warning for snow and ice is also in place for 10 of Wales' 22 local authority areas until 14:00 on Friday.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Large parts of Wales have seen heavy snowfall on Thursday

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post 2 by Derek Brockway - weatherman This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Anglesey County Council leader Llinos Medi told BBC Radio Wales Breakfast gritters had been out overnight on the island.

It was important during the day that carers could get out to rural areas, she said. She urged people to check on vulnerable neighbours.

Tucker and Molly enjoying the snow in Pandy, Wrexham

Farmer John Jones took extra feed for his sheep near Llandyrnog, Denbighshire on Thursday morning

The Met Office warned vehicles could become stranded on roads, with rail services cancelled and possible power cuts.

The mountain road between Heol y Glo and Llangynwyd in Bridgend county was impassable at points because of heavy snowfall.

In north Wales, the A542 Horseshoe Pass between Llangollen and Pen-y-Stryt in Denbighshire, and the A4086 in Caernarfon, Gwynedd, were both closed.

The A543 was also shut in both directions from the A5 at Pentrefoelas, in Conwy, to the Llyn Brenig turn off.

The B4368 between The Abermule pub, in Abermule, Powys, and the Newtown turn off at Kerry was impassable in both directions.

The B5113 was closed in both directions from the B5427's Llanrwst turn off, at Nebo, in Gwynedd, to the A5 at Pentrefoelas.

Bryn Road, at Bryn-y-Baal, Flintshire, is impassable in both directions between Llewelyn Drive and Alltami Road.

For the latest traffic updates, you can follow Traffic Wales.

Bus services have also been affected. Arriva Buses Wales said all services in Wrexham had begun again after they were earlier suspended.

Further updates to bus services can be found here.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Sabrina Lee explains why Wales has had snow

A warning for heavy snow was issued for Conwy

Hunter Biden is expected to avoid jail time under a plea agreement

US President Joe Biden's son, Hunter Biden, is expected to plead guilty to two misdemeanour tax crimes and admit to illegally possessing a gun while a drug user, after a five-year investigation.

The US Attorney in Delaware has filed papers indicating a plea agreement has been reached.

The terms of the agreement are likely to keep him out of jail.

Top Republicans have called it evidence of a "two-tiered system of justice".

In theory, the president's son still faces a maximum penalty of a year in prison on each of the tax charges and 10 years in prison on the gun charge, the justice department said in a statement.

He is expected to agree to drug treatment and monitoring as part of the proposed deal.

The final deal would need to be approved by the judge in the case, who will also determine his sentence.

It is unclear when Hunter Biden will appear in court to enter his guilty plea on the tax charges.

He will admit to felony gun possession as part of a "pre-trial diversion agreement" that is separate from the plea deal, his lawyer Chris Clark said in a statement.

"I know Hunter believes it is important to take responsibility for these mistakes he made during a period of turmoil and addiction in his life," Mr Clark added. "He looks forward to continuing his recovery and moving forward."

Mr Clark told MSNBC that the conditions of his client's probation were "up to to the court" but that he expected Mr Biden would be released without conditions after his court appearance.

"I think the judge is going to do what's fair and I think what's fair is my client gets on with his life," he said.

Hunter Biden, 53, has previously worked as a lawyer, and a lobbyist including abroad in China and Ukraine. He was discharged from the US Navy in 2014 after testing positive for cocaine.

The plea deal brings to an end a long-running justice department investigation into whether he properly reported his income and made false statements on paperwork used to purchase a firearm in 2018.

The two misdemeanour tax charges stem from a failure to pay more than $100,000 (£78,000) in taxes in both 2017 and 2018. A former justice department official told CBS, the BBC's US partner, that these amounts would lead to most clients being charged with misdemeanours, but "in the jail time range".

In a statement, Joe Biden said that neither he nor Jill Biden would comment further on Hunter Biden's case.

The gun charge stems from a 2018 possession of a firearm while a drug user.

In a 2021 book, the younger Mr Biden admitted to being a heavy user of crack cocaine at that time.

But he reportedly said "no" on a federal form asking if he was "an unlawful user of, or addicted to, marijuana or any depressant, stimulant, narcotic drug or any other controlled substance". Lying on these forms can lead to jail time.

The deal comes as some Republican lawmakers and presidential candidates have accused Joe Biden of "weaponising" the justice department against political opponents.

Hunter Biden has long been a target of scrutiny from conservatives, who have alleged that his dealings overseas indicate a pattern of corruption.

News of the plea deal was met with swift and strong criticism from Donald Trump and his campaign, as well as senior congressional Republicans.

Karoline Leavitt, a spokeswoman for the pro-Trump Make America Great Again Inc, called the agreement a "sweetheart deal" that allows the justice department to "turn a blind eye" to corruption. Mr Trump, for his part, called the deal a "mere traffic ticket".

House majority leader Kevin McCarthy told reporters on Capitol Hill that the deal was evidence of a "two-tier" system of justice and vowed that the case would "enhance" a separate Republican investigation into Hunter Biden.

Prominent Democrats have remained largely quiet on the case. David Brock, a former right-wing investigative reporter turned pro-Democrat operative, said in a statement that the case should now be considered closed since "Hunter will not be charged with any of the unfounded and outlandish issues Republicans and right-wing media have used to smear him with for years".

In a brief statement, the White House also said that Joe Biden and First Lady Jill Biden "love their son and support him as he continues to rebuild his life. We will have no further comment".

While the younger Mr Biden has detailed a troubled life and "massive drug addiction", he long denied engaging in illegal activity.

He first admitted knowledge of an investigation into him in December 2020.

In a statement at the time, he said that he was "confident that a professional and objective review of these matters will demonstrate that I handled my affairs legally and appropriately, with the benefit of professional tax advisers".

Mr Clark has said he believes the investigation is now "resolved", but the justice department in its statement said that the probe is "ongoing".

Sign up for our UK morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

The spectator allegedly wore the offensive shirt at Saturday's FA Cup final

A man has been charged over a football shirt which appeared to refer to the 97 fans who died as a result of the 1989 Hillsborough disaster.

James White, 33, from Warwickshire, was charged with displaying threatening or abusive writing likely to cause harassment, alarm or distress.

He was bailed to appear at Willesden Magistrates' Court in London on Monday.

The Metropolitan Police said 22 other people were arrested at the Wembley FA Cup final on Saturday.

The force said they were detained during the match between Manchester City and Manchester United for offences including assault, affray, possession of drugs and drunk and disorderly behaviour.

Officers are also investigating after an item was thrown on to the pitch after the United goal in their 2-1 defeat by City.

Police said no-one had been arrested yet over the incident.

A crush developed in the stands where Liverpool fans were watching an FA Cup semi-final

During Saturday's match, a photo of the back of a man wearing the number 97 and the words "not enough" on a Manchester United top was widely shared on social media.

On Sunday, the English FA issued a statement saying it would "not tolerate abuse relating to Hillsborough or any football tragedy".

It has previously said it was concerned about "the rise of abhorrent chants" over the disaster.

Liverpool West Derby MP Ian Byrne, who was at Hillsborough in 1989, described any inappropriate reference to the disaster as "sick".

The Met urged people not to share information online which could prejudice the proceedings against Mr White.

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The Walt Disney Company has scrapped a plan to invest nearly $1bn (£806m) to build a new corporate campus in Florida, it announced.

The reversal comes amid an escalating feud between the entertainment giant and the state's Republican-led government headed by Ron DeSantis.

The plan would have seen about 2,000 employees relocate to a Disney-owned complex at Lake Nona, near Orlando.

The cancellation was announced in an internal email to employees on Thursday.

The email, seen by BBC News, said the company's decision was the result of "considerable changes" that have taken place since it was first announced.

In the email, Josh D'Amaro, the head of Disney's theme park division, also referred to "changing business conditions".

While the email does not mention politics or Mr DeSantis, it has been interpreted as alluding to mounting tensions between Disney and Florida lawmakers.

"Disney announced the possibility of a Lake Nona campus nearly two years ago. Nothing ever came of the project, and the state was unsure whether it would come to fruition," Mr DeSantis' office said in a statement.

"Given the company's financial straits, falling market cap and declining stock price, it is unsurprising that they would restructure their business operations and cancel unsuccessful ventures."

The internal Disney email noted that the decision to scrap the project comes after "new leadership" at the company, referring to the sudden departure in November of ex-CEO Bob Chapek.

The Lake Nona campus, which had not been built, would have been a new home for employees at the firm's secretive theme park research and development arm, known as Imagineers, who were asked to move from California to Florida.

Mr D'Amaro's email said relocation would no longer be required and it would discuss next steps with those he said had already done so.

Many of the jobs that were supposed to relocate to Florida were higher paid, white collar and tech-focused positions.

The Orlando Business Journal reported the project was valued at about $867m and that the average annual wage for the positions was $120,000.

Bob Iger, the former chief executive who made a stunning return to replace his successor, Mr Chapek, has announced sweeping changes to boost the firm's business, which has come under pressure as the traditional movie and television industries decline.

Disney launched a streaming offering, Disney+, in 2019, but it remains loss making.

Unlike other media companies, Disney has been shielded by the popularity of its theme parks, which have kept the firm profitable.

But the value of its share price has halved since peaking in March 2021, as investors predict a tough road ahead.

Earlier this year, Mr Iger announced a plan to save $5.5bn, involving a sweeping reorganisation of the company's operations and roughly 7,000 job losses.

Among the cuts, announced separately on Thursday, was the closure of a 100-room Star Wars-themed immersive hotel experience at one of its Florida theme parks.

The relationship between Disney and Florida - where it employs more than 70,000 staff - began deteriorating last year after Mr DeSantis condemned the company for opposing a state law banning discussion of sexual orientation or gender identity in public schools.

In April, Florida also moved to take control of the Reedy Creek Improvement District - covering the 25,000-acre area known as Walt Disney World - a self-governing zone, with utilities and a fire department.

State lawmakers voted to give Mr DeSantis the power to appoint members to the district's governing board, removing that authority from landowners, of which Disney was by far the biggest.

The move prompted a lawsuit from Disney, accusing state officials of conducting "a relentless campaign to weaponise government power against Disney in retaliation for expressing a political viewpoint unpopular with certain state officials".

Disney's parks in Florida have long been one of its most-popular attractions, bringing in about 50 million visitors each year.

In a call with investors a week ago, Mr Iger questioned Florida's interest in having Disney grow in the state.

"Does the state want us to invest more, employ more people and pay more taxes, or not?" Mr Iger asked.

Aubrey Jewett, a politics professor at the University of Central Florida, said he believed Mr DeSantis and his allies "did not think about the longer-term ramifications of their actions" when they moved to "punish Disney for speaking out".

"They weren't going to move the Disney World complex someplace else. But as Disney has just shown, that's not the only investment and jobs they were talking about creating in Florida."

Erin Huntley, the chair of the Republican Party in Orange County, where Disney World is located, said "it's a different ballgame" now compared to when Walt Disney first realised the area's potential in the 1960s.

"People are still wanting to come here, no matter what battles are going on," she told the BBC. "Central Florida is more than just Disney."

Mr DeSantis is expected to announce a 2024 presidential bid next week. His likely rival, Donald Trump, said in a statement that Mr DeSantis was being "absolutely destroyed by Disney" and that his "political stunt" of battling them was "all so unnecessary".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Additional reporting by Natalie Sherman in New York.

CORRECTION: The headline in the initial versions of this story misstated the value of Disney's investment in billions rather than millions.

At least ten people have been killed and dozens injured after a Russian missile strike on the eastern Ukrainian city of Kramatorsk.

Ukraine's interior ministry said a restaurant and shopping area were damaged following Tuesday's strike, and people may be trapped under rubble.

Regional governor Pavlo Kyrylenko told Ukrainian television "these were public eating places crowded with civilians".

Max began camping in his garden in March 2020 after being inspired by a family friend who died of cancer

A boy who has camped out in a tent for three years is ending his charity challenge and coming back inside.

Max Woosey, known as The Boy in the Tent, has raised more than £700,000 for North Devon Hospice.

Stephen Roberts, hospice chief executive, said: "Max has directly funded 15 nurses for a whole year."

Max, 13, announced he would hold a final celebratory camp-out festival on 1 April at Broomhill Estate in North Devon.

"Legendary movie memorabilia", including the bar of soap from Fight Club, will be on display along with axe-throwing and a party bus.

Max started sleeping in his garden on 29 March 2020, aged 10, after being inspired by a family friend who died of cancer.

Rick Abbott gave Max a tent, and told him to "go have an adventure".

Max camped out at 10 Downing Street and met former prime minister Boris Johnson

Over the past three years, he has received a British Empire Medal as well as awards from Pride of Britain, Spirit of Adventure and the Bear Grylls Chief Scout Unsung Hero.

A spokesperson for Broomhill Estate said it would be an "epic day to remember to celebrate Max's achievement".

Max's final fundraiser will host three music stages along with a "never-before-seen authentic movie memorabilia exhibition" featuring Brad Pitt's sword and shield from the film Troy and the original board from the Jumanji film.

There will also be a guest appearance from Welsh actor and stunt man Ian Whyte, of Game of Thrones and Star Wars fame.

Max was presented with a British Empire Medal (BEM) in May 2022

Max said: "It was amazing that so many people got in touch from all over the UK wanting to mark my three-year anniversary of camping out, but I wanted to stay close to home and celebrate with friends and family nearby."

Mr Roberts added: "This is a perfect way for Max to finish his fundraising challenge, which has been such an adventure and something he can look back on with so much pride.

"The funds he raised for North Devon Hospice in this time have made a real difference to the patients and families we support."

Follow BBC News South West on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Send your story ideas to spotlight@bbc.co.uk.

Last updated on .From the section Women's Football

It may not have been a thrilling performance, but England did what they needed to do in their opening Women's World Cup game against Haiti - win.

The European champions were lacklustre and wasteful in their 1-0 victory, struggling to put away the chances they created while looking occasionally sloppy in defence.

Meanwhile Haiti, who are ranked 49 places below the Lionesses, proved why they are in Australia among the 32 best teams in the world with a fearless performance that tested Sarina Wiegman's side.

But a penalty from Georgia Stanway was enough to give England a crucial three points - and it was just the third time in six World Cup appearances they have won their opening match.

"It's so important to win your first game in a tournament," said Stanway. "It's been a long build-up to today and we're kind of happy to just get over the line.

"Haiti caused us problems, were a threat on the counter-attack, were fast, physical, and they challenged us in areas that we probably didn't expect."

Goalkeeper Mary Earps was called into action twice, tipping Melchie Dumornay's strike over the bar before pushing away Roseline Eloissaint's goal-bound effort.

"[The win] puts us in a good place," said Earps. "But for sure there's plenty we need to review and reflect on because we have set ourselves a higher standard than that."
• None Go here for all the latest from the Women's World Cup

A lengthy build-up to the tournament - which kicked off eight weeks after the Women's Super League ended - as well as uncertainty from Wiegman on her best XI and injuries to key players, were all contributing factors in England's underwhelming performance.

Alessia Russo, given the nod ahead of Rachel Daly in attack, worked tirelessly but was often isolated.

Captain Millie Bright played the full 90 minutes despite not having featured since March after having knee surgery, and looked understandably rusty.

And England were sloppy in possession, allowing Haiti to capitalise on the counter-attack with the dangerous pace of Dumornay and Batcheba Louis.

"I think it takes a little bit to find your feet," said Stanway. "Coming into a major tournament the pressure is high and the build-up is so long. It's been a long process."

Former England goalkeeper Karen Bardsley told BBC Radio 5 Live: "It was really poor from England. [They were] sloppy in possession, taking too long to play the pass and then getting caught.

"I didn't expect it to be that close. I thought it would be competitive but certainly not for that long. I was really impressed with Haiti."

Wiegman said Haiti's counter-attack made it "pretty hard for us" but she saw improvements in the second half.

"We wanted to be on the ball all the time and we were a lot. We created chances but also lost balls," the manager added.

England had 11 shots on target against Haiti - their most on record at the World Cup - but have now failed to score in 337 minutes of open play.

Ex-England forward Eniola Aluko told ITV there was "predictability" to their attacking play, which consisted of "a lot of crosses" from wingers Lauren Hemp and Chloe Kelly.

"In the first half Russo was playing, but if that is the approach and the pattern of play, should it be Rachel Daly up there instead? She is stronger in the air," added Aluko.

"If you want to be less predictable, you need more creativity, especially in the number 10 role. Ella Toone looked a bit disconnected. Lauren James is a bit more creative, offers more movement and interchanging of positions."

Wiegman introduced James and Daly later in the second half and England could have extended their lead with Kelly, Stanway and Daly all having attempts, but Haiti also grew in confidence and tested Earps.

England's back four of Lucy Bronze, Bright, Alex Greenwood and Jess Carter have not played together often and it was clear they need time to become better connected.

'There are positives to take from today'

But despite clear teething problems and a growing concern for England's lack of ruthlessness in front of goal, they have still lost just once under Wiegman in 33 games.

It is also worth remembering they underwhelmed in their opening match of Euro 2022 before responding with an 8-0 thrashing of Norway in their second group game and going on to win the tournament.

"England have got a clean sheet. Mary Earps made some fantastic saves and dealt with the transitions and they managed to come through it," former England midfielder Karen Carney told ITV.

"Tournament football is about building momentum, getting points on the board and moving forward. There are definitely some positives to take from today."

Wiegman's demeanour remained cool as she acknowledged a dry period in goalscoring but highlighted clearly which areas England need to improve before their second group game against Denmark, who began with a win over China.

"Ruthlessness... what does that mean?" said Wiegman. "Sometimes it means the connections with the cross, the timing of the cross, where the cross ends in the penalty box and little things like that.

"We were very close to scoring a goal but their defence was tough too. We will keep trying and working on it, starting again tomorrow."
• None The Banksy Story charts the rise of this anonymous household name
• None Is hydrogen the solution to our energy needs? The Inquiry explores the potential of replacing our current fossil fuel usage with hydrogen

Attackers in France tried to set fire to the home of a suburban Paris mayor's home overnight and fired rockets at the official's fleeing wife and children.

The incident has caused widespread shock and is being treated as attempted murder. Prime Minister Elisabeth Borne described it as intolerable.

Mayor Vincent Jeanbrun was not at home, but his wife suffered a broken leg and a child was also hurt.

France has seen violent protests after police killed a teenager on Tuesday.

The suspects in the incident in L'Haÿ-les-Roses, south of Paris, have not been identified.

Mr Jeanbrun said he had been in his office overseeing the situation when the attack on his home occurred at 01:30 (23:30 GMT on Saturday).

The attackers used a car to ram through the gates of their home before setting the vehicle on fire so that the blaze would spread to the house, the mayor said in a statement.

Then when his wife, Melanie Nowak, tried to flee with the children, aged five and seven, they were attacked with firework rockets.

"A line has been crossed," he said.

"If my priority today is to take care of my family, my determination to protect and serve the Republic is greater than before," he added.

Attackers used a burning car to try to set Mayor Jeanbrun's home ablaze

The mayor, from the centre-right Les Republicains, has received widespread support from across the French political spectrum.

The public prosecutor's office has started an investigation for attempted murder.

The attack on Mayor Jeanbrun's home came during the fifth night of violent protests across France over the death of Nahel M, 17, who was shot by police at point-blank range during a traffic stop.

Around 45,000 police were deployed in France on Saturday to control the protests and the interior ministry said Saturday night had been quieter, with fewer arrests overall.

However there were more than 700 arrests across the country and more than 800 fires were lit by rioters during the course of the night, officials said.

Mr Jeanbrun had urged the French government earlier to impose a state of emergency in response to the riots, which President Emmanuel Macron has so far declined to do.

The French leader is due to meet with top officials later to discuss the crisis.

Footage shared on social media showed an explosion lighting up the night sky

An explosion in the north of annexed Crimea has destroyed Russian missiles being transported by rail, Ukraine's defence ministry has said.

The Russian-installed head of the city of Dzhankoi said the area had been attacked by drones.

Ukraine announced the explosions but, as is normal, did not explicitly say it was behind the attack.

If confirmed, it would be a rare foray by Ukraine's military into Crimea, which has been annexed since 2014.

Russia has suffered attacks in Crimea before, but in most cases, responsibility has either been unacknowledged by Ukraine or blamed on some kind of partisan sabotage.

This strike, if confirmed, suggests that the capacity of the Ukrainian air force to deploy drones has increased.

Until now, Crimea has largely seemed out of the range of Ukrainian missiles. But this attack indicates that a drone at least can reach deeper behind Russian lines than previously thought.

The "mysterious" explosions destroyed Russian Kalibr-NK cruise missiles, intended for use by Russia's Black Sea Fleet, Ukrainian defence intelligence said. Kailbr missiles have been widely used in attacks on Ukrainian cities and infrastructure in recent months.

One unconfirmed report from a resident cited on Ukrainian TV spoke of "booms" that went on for 30 minutes, leaving part of Dzhankoi with no electricity. The blasts "continue the process of Russia's demilitarisation and prepares the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea for de-occupation", the defence ministry said.

Dzhankoi has been used by Russian forces as a rail hub between Crimea and other areas of occupied Ukraine. Russian TV reports said that Tuesday's strike had not caused any damage to rail infrastructure.

Russia's investigative authority said a residential building and a shop were damaged, according to initial findings. All the targets were civilian, it claimed.

Ihor Ivin, the Russian-installed administrator, said a 33-year-old man was taken to hospital for treatment for a shrapnel injury from a downed drone. He made no mention of any military targets being damaged.

Several buildings caught fire and the power grid was damaged, Mr Ivin was quoted as saying by local media. Another Russian-appointed official said a drone had been hit over a technical school, between an instruction area and a student residence.

Russia's top official in occupied Crimea, Sergei Aksyonov, said air defences near Dzhankoi had been activated and the situation was under control. He urged residents not to pay attention to "fakes disseminated by Ukrainian propaganda".

Last August, an ammunition depot was targeted near Dzhankoi. Weeks later, Russia blamed Ukraine for carrying out a drone attack on the Black Sea Fleet in the Crimean port city of Sevastopol in which a warship was damaged.

This latest attack suggests Kyiv is determined to continue harrying the supply chains of Russian forces, targeting in particular its stock of missiles, as well as the routes along which they may be transported into southern occupied Ukraine via Crimea.

Speaking on Ukrainian TV, military spokeswoman Natalia Humeniuk reminded viewers that Dzhankoi was a hub station for the occupying force and that, from the start of the Russians' full-scale invasion, it had been made clear that defeating their logistics would play a big part in the future status of Crimea.

Kyiv has a political incentive to keep Crimea in the news, too: a reminder that its current objective is not just to force Russian forces out of those areas captured since February last year, but also from the Black Sea peninsula annexed illegally in 2014.

In a separate development, authorities in southern Russia accused Ukrainian forces of using a drone to target a pumping station on an oil pipeline north of the Ukrainian border. The governor of Bryansk region said there were no casualties.

Matthew phoned William Hill to close his account, but the firm allowed him to carry on betting

A gambling addict has said bookmaker William Hill should have done more to help him stop betting when he was staking thousands on single bets.

Matthew, not his real name, from south Wales, racked up more than £70,000 of debt with William Hill between 2012 and 2019.

Calls showed he was angry and upset, with gambling rules saying bookmakers should intervene at signs of distress.

William Hill said it found no shortcomings in its procedures.

Matthew, a teacher and father of three, had a salary of about £35,000 a year when he started staking small amounts on big events such as the Grand National.

Before long, he was opening online accounts and taking advantage of free bets.

He said this escalated as he "chased" small losses, with his stakes increasing from a couple of pounds to as much as £10,000 at once.

William Hill made him a gold customer - its VIP scheme - and Matthew was soon staking his £2,300 a month take-home salary on payday.

In a Radio 4 documentary named Desperate Calls, Matthew has listened back to 89 phone conversations he had with William Hill.

Most of these were to use a service called "Quick Cash", allowing him to withdraw money directly to the bookmaker without having to wait for money to clear in his bank account.

This service at William Hill is now called CashDirect.

Sometimes he would leave the shop with £5,000 in cash.

Matthew made calls from a phone box as he could no longer afford a mobile phone

Dozens of these calls were made from a dilapidated phone box just outside the shop.

He was spending so much on gambling he could not afford his mobile phone bill.

William Hill said Matthew won many times and withdrew thousands from his account, but Matthew said he would re-stake those winnings almost immediately.

He said: "The dynamics changed rapidly, life revolved around gambling.

"On reflection life was a blur, I struggle to recall much of the last decade, other than some extremely dark thoughts, severe lows and the odd high. Not being focused on family and the people closest to me."

He still owes £70,000 to family and friends.

Many of the calls he made to William Hill showed him to be angry and upset.

The Gambling Commission has rules, saying operators should spot problem gamblers and intervene if they are showing signs of distress.

Matthew said William Hill did not check with him on these points and allowed him to carry on betting.

A member of staff from William Hill's due diligence team phoned Matthew after he said in an email he wanted to "self-exclude" because he was angry over a lack of free bets.

This meant closing his account permanently and banning him from other online betting sites too.

But during the conversation, the staff member discussed self-exclusion and other processes to curb Matthew's gambling, but ultimately allowed him to continue because he thought the complaint was due to the service he was getting and a lack of free bets, rather than a social responsibility issue.

Matthew said he did not say he had a problem because stopping "is not a desirable outcome at that point".

"Underlying all that is you just want to win [the money] back".

It reached a point when Matthew knew he had to stop gambling. His family took him to the GP and he has since had counselling to treat his gambling disorder.

But Matthew wanted to know what had happened: "Once the cycle of gambling was broken I analysed a mountain of data obtained under a subject access request. I wrote a letter of complaint to William Hill."

William Hill said it took customer complaints seriously

William Hill said: "We conducted a thorough investigation into our management of Matthew's account and identified no shortcomings in our safer gambling procedures in relation to Matthew's account requirements during the period in question.

"Ensuring high standards of safer gambling and preventing gambling-related harm is central to the way William Hill operates and we take any customer complaint in this area incredibly seriously, and are committed to driving continuous improvement in this area."

The bookmaker was fined £6.2m in 2018 for failing to protect consumers.

Many of the cases highlighted by the regulator were similar to Matthew's and occurred at about the same time.

A UK government white paper is due to be published soon, with recommendations for strict affordability checks and a new ombudsman for consumer complaints expected.

Currently, people with social responsibility complaints can only write to the Gambling Commission, which cannot comment on what action it is taking, leaving many people in limbo.

Matthew said: "Without significant change there will be many more who fall foul of the pitfalls as I did. More lives destroyed, more families and friendships ruined and more lives lost."

Support for addiction issues is available via the BBC Action Line

The Telegraph says it has published texts that mention former cabinet minister Jacob Rees-Mogg

Jacob Rees-Mogg has admitted a Covid-19 test for his son was couriered to his home during a national shortage.

He accepted it might be deemed "special treatment" but defended the arrangement due to his workload as a cabinet minister at the time.

WhatsApp messages leaked to the Telegraph appear to show former Health Secretary Matt Hancock's adviser helped send the test in September 2020.

The Telegraph has obtained more than 100,000 of Mr Hancock's messages.

The paper has published messages it says were sent on 10 September, 2020 by Allan Nixon, Mr Hancock's political special adviser at the time.

One suggests an initial test for one of Mr Rees-Mogg's children had been lost by the laboratory.

It goes on to say "we've got a courier going to their family home tonight, child will take the test, and courier will take it straight to the lab. Should have result tomorrow am".

Responding on his GB News chat show on Wednesday, Mr Rees-Mogg said "one of my children needed a test and that put everybody into quarantine".

When he was informed his child's initial test had been lost, "it was raised with the department of health and they decided to send me a test to a member of my family", he said.

"So if I received special treatment, it wasn't because I had requested it, but actually it allowed a government minister to get back to work with a child who didn't have Covid in the first place," the former business secretary said.

He said the Covid testing system had not been working but "I accept it wasn't working for other people too".

Labour has urged the government to determine whether Mr Rees-Mogg received special treatment and not to "hide" behind the Covid inquiry.

A spokesman for Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said: "The government is more than capable of answering those questions now and ensuring that we can have clarity and transparency on those issues."

The Liberal Democrats have written to Prime Minister Rishi Sunak to ask him what he knew and when regarding claims that ministers had access to "priority testing".

The party's deputy leader Daisy Cooper said: "These reports are just more evidence that it's one rule for Conservative ministers and another for everyone else.

"The government must urgently publish exactly how many Conservative ministers, MPs and their families had access to priority testing when the public faced a national test shortage. The public deserves to know the truth."

During Prime Minister's Questions on Wednesday, Mr Sunak said the inquiry was "the right way for these things to be looked at" and that he would not comment on "piecemeal bits of information".

Around the time of the Rees-Mogg messages, Sarah Marsh, director of testing at NHS Test and Trace, tweeted "heartfelt apologies to anyone who cannot get a Covid test at present".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. PMQs: Rishi Sunak quizzed on claims of leaked Hancock messages by Sir Keir Starmer

In the same month, media reports said government testing laboratories across the UK were facing a backlog of 185,000 Covid tests. At the time, people were asked to self-isolate if they or someone in their household were awaiting a test result.

Mr Hancock said it could take weeks to resolve issues around Covid testing and admitted there were "operational challenges" related to a surge in demand.

The Telegraph has been handed more than 100,000 WhatsApp messages linked to Mr Hancock's time as health secretary at the height of the pandemic.

The text messages were passed to the newspaper by journalist Isabel Oakeshott, who has been critical of lockdowns. Ms Oakeshott was given copies of the texts while helping Mr Hancock write his book, Pandemic Diaries.

The BBC has not seen or independently verified the WhatsApp messages nor the context in which they were sent.

Mr Hancock's spokesperson said the Telegraph had published "partial leaks" that presented a "distorted account of the pandemic" designed to "fit an anti-lockdown agenda".

The spokesperson said the messages had been made available to the public inquiry into the government's response to the pandemic.

"Instead of spinning and leaks we need the full, comprehensive inquiry, to ensure we are as well prepared as we can be for the next pandemic, whenever it comes," the spokesperson said.

Correction 30 March 2023: A reference was amended to clarify that people were not required to test negative to leave self-isolation in September 2020.

On Wednesday about 60,000 fans descended on Cardiff, with some having travelled there from across the globe

Beyoncé-fever gripped Cardiff on Wednesday where the singer kicked off the UK leg of her world tour.

But the extravaganza has left some mulling over the damage the event and others like it have on the environment.

Beyoncé's Formation tour in 2016 took seven air freighters and 70 trucks to get her stage set and other gear to the venues across the UK.

And that didn't include the backstage staff, musicians, performers - or even Beyoncé herself.

About 60 production trucks were outside Cardiff City Stadium ahead of Beyoncé's concert

On Wednesday about 60,000 fans descended on Cardiff, with some having travelled there from across the globe.

The superstar herself arrived by private jet at Cardiff Airport just after 15:00 BST and was flown back to London at 23:00.

Meanwhile about 60 production trucks and 18 coaches lined up outside Cardiff City Stadium.

One onlooker tweeted: "I worry about my recycling and here are all of #Beyoncé set trucks parked up in Cardiff... For one night! #ClimateEmergency #Carbon".

Eighteen coaches were lined up outside Cardiff City Stadium on Wednesday

Music business journalist Eamonn Forde said an act like Beyoncé would travel with a sizeable entourage including production staff, a full band, dancers, which represented "hundreds of people potentially on the roads".

"You've got to put on a spectacular show, and that involves a lot stage and a lot of screens... all of the staging will be taken up in lots and lots of articulate lorries," he said.

"And then there's the people having to travel there.

"Obviously [it] comes with an environmental impact."

With many young people feeling deep anxiety about climate change, does any of this matter to Beyoncé's fans?

"She will have an audience that is expecting her productions to be as green as possible but then you're also talking about one of the biggest artists in the world, and she can just kind of do whenever she wants in the sense that the demand will be there," Eamonn said.

"Lots of fans will on one hand say 'I hope the show is as environmentally friendly as possible', but they will also perhaps be a bit more flexible when they realise this might be their only chance to see Beyoncé for the next five, 10 or however long years.

"They might kind of put their ethics and their morals to the side."

For the past 15 years charity Julie's Bicycle has been working to mobilise the industry into taking action on the climate and ecological crisis.

Beyoncé's chart-topping singles include Check on It, Irreplaceable, Single Ladies and Break My Soul

"We know that we have to get to a fossil fuel free world, and so reimagining touring in that context is one of the hardest challenges that the music industry faces," said the charity's music lead Chiara Badiali.

She wants to see the environment considered at the conception of worldwide tours.

"Eighty percent of the environmental impacts of anything are locked in at the design stage," she said.

The charity champions many green initiatives such as green riders and carbon calculators.

Eamonn said he thinks real change is unlikely to come from the superstars themselves.

"[Beyoncé's] not going to be answering tweets or making a TikTok video in response to that, because she's quite a private person," he said.

"It's not like people will vote with their wallets and boycott a Beyoncé show. She's too big to have a boycott like that really.

"Where the real change will happen will be the people who put these productions together guiding artists."

Chiara said she believes stars hold a lot of power to make change.

"When high-profile artists speak out and they ask to do things differently, then that does and will change the dial of what the whole industry feels as possible," she said.

Crews have been pumping the water out of the flooded tunnel in a desperate rescue mission

At least 40 people in South Korea have died after a weekend of severe rains caused widespread flooding and landslides across the country.

The disasters have prompted calls from President Yoon Suk Yeol to "overhaul" how the country combats extreme weather arising from climate change.

On Monday, the nation was reeling from a tunnel tragedy where at least 13 people died in their vehicles after becoming trapped by floodwaters.

The full death toll is still unknown.

But on Monday, responders were still working to drain the 685m-long (2,247ft) tunnel in the central city of Cheongju - with divers deployed to retrieve victims.

At least 15 vehicles - including a bus - were trapped in the underpass on Saturday, when floodwater from a nearby burst riverbank poured in.

Nine survivors have been found so far. Meanwhile, families of those missing have waited anxiously for information at a local hospital.

"I have no hope but I can't leave," a parent of one of those missing in the tunnel told local news agency Yonhap.

"My heart wrenches thinking how painful it must have been for my son in the cold water."

Police said they will launch an investigation into the fatal flooding of the underpass.

Rescuers approaching the flooded tunnel in Cheongju on Saturay

Elsewhere, at least 19 people died in the mountainous North Gyeongsang region in central South Korea after landslides swept away whole houses.

Some 6,400 residents were evacuated early Saturday after the Goesan Dam in North Chungcheong began to overflow.

A number of low-lying villages near the dam as well as many of the roads connecting them were submerged, leaving some residents trapped in their homes.

Song Du-ho, one of these residents, told the BBC he had never experienced rain like that which fell this weekend.

The water was up to his waist by the time rescue workers came for him in the middle of the night, along with his wife, who has problems with a bad back, he said.

"I would be lying if I said I wasn't scared when the water was coming in. I could have died," the 87-year-old said.

South Korea is experiencing one of its most intense summer monsoon seasons on record, with heavy downpours in the past week causing floods, landslides and power cuts across the country.

More torrential rain is expected this week - with showers forecast to Wednesday.

President Yoon Suk Yeol on Monday vowed to "completely overhaul" how the country responds to such extreme weather events.

"Extreme weather events like this will become commonplace. We must accept that climate change is happening and deal with it," he said.

He also stated that a lack of proper management in flood-prone areas had caused many casualties.

During a visit to victims in the flood-hit North Gyeongsang province on Monday, Mr Yoon walked past piles of fallen trees and other debris.

"I've never seen something like this in my life, hundreds of tonnes of rocks rolling down from the mountain. How surprised you must have been," AFP reported him telling the villagers.

In Cheongju where the tunnel flooding occurred, victims' families had criticised local authorities for not shutting off access to the tunnel earlier, when flood warnings were already in place.

President Yoon has ordered military deployments to managing the aftermath of downpours across the country. He also announced the designation of hard-hit areas as "special disaster zones" eligible for state support.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Almost 300mm (11.8in) of rain is reported to have fallen across South Korea on Saturday alone.

The country typically sees 1,000mm (39.4in) to 1,800mm (70.9in) a year, according to the Korean Meteorological Association - much of that falls during the summer months.

In the past fortnight, extreme rain has caused floods and landslides across several countries - including India, China and Japan.

While many factors contribute to flooding, scientists say a warming atmosphere caused by climate change makes extreme rainfall more likely.

The warmer it becomes, the more moisture the atmosphere can hold, resulting in more droplets and heavier rainfall, sometimes in a shorter space of time and over a smaller area.

Last year, South Korea saw record-breaking rains and flooding which killed at least 11 people. These included two women and a teenager trapped in a cramped semi-basement flat in Seoul.

Following this, Seoul authorities banned the construction of such flats, which were featured in the Oscar-winning film Parasite.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Two 13-year-old boys have handed themselves in to police after a fire destroyed a seven-storey heritage building in central Sydney.

The building went up in flames on Thursday afternoon, requiring about 100 firefighters to extinguish the inferno.

Police believe other teens were involved in the incident and have asked them to come forward.

Fifteen people were sleeping rough in the building at the time of the fire and 13 of them have been accounted for.

However, at least 70 residents have been displaced from the surrounding buildings, with an exclusion zone expected to stay in place for seven days.

Police confirmed the teens who handed themselves in were assisting them with their inquiries.

Fire and Rescue New South Wales said the fire reached a "10th" alarm status on Thursday - the most severe level.

The building was heritage-listed and formerly home to the Henderson Hat factory. It had sat vacant for many years, but there were plans to redevelop it into a hotel.

After it caught fire, a thick column of smoke could be seen across Sydney. Video showed the top level of the building falling on to the nearby street.

Fire and Rescue NSW said they were able to contain the fire to prevent damage to nearby residential blocks.

The organisation also said investigations into the cause of the blaze had been taken over by NSW Police Arson Squad.

The building is located in inner-city Sydney, across the road from the city's central station.

Transport to and from the central area had to be stopped on Thursday as firefighters worked to extinguish the fire.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: 'Violations of those laws put our country at risk'

Former President Donald Trump has been charged with mishandling hundreds of classified documents, including about US nuclear secrets and military plans.

The 37-count indictment accuses him of keeping the files at his Florida estate, including in a ballroom and a shower, and lying to investigators.

It alleges he then tried to obstruct the investigation into the handling of the documents.

Mr Trump, who is running for president again in 2024, denies any wrongdoing.

But legal experts say that the criminal charges against Mr Trump could lead to substantial prison time if he is convicted.

Charges have also been filed against Walt Nauta, a personal aide to Mr Trump. The former White House military valet is accused of moving files to hide them from the FBI.

The 49-page indictment contains the first-ever federal charges against a former US president. It says the classified documents Mr Trump stored in his boxes contained information about:

Prosecutors say that when Mr Trump left office, he took about 300 classified files to Mar-a-Lago - his oceanfront home in Palm Beach, which is also an expansive private members' club.

The charge sheet notes that Mar-a-Lago hosted events for tens of thousands of members and guests, including in a ballroom where documents were found.

Prosecutors say Mr Trump tried to obstruct the FBI inquiry into the missing documents by suggesting that his lawyer "hide or destroy" them, or tell investigators he did not have them.

"Wouldn't it be better if we just told them we don't have anything here?" Mr Trump said to one of his attorneys, according to the indictment.

Mr Trump's first court appearance in the case will be in Miami, Florida, on Tuesday - the eve of his 77th birthday.

Files were allegedly stored in a ballroom at Donald Trump's Florida property, Mar-a-Lago

Mar-a-Lago "was not an authorised location" for classified documents to be kept or discussed, the indictment says.

Some files were allegedly stored on stage in the ballroom, where events and gatherings took place - and later in a bathroom and a shower, an office space, and in Mr Trump's bedroom.

On two occasions in 2021, the former president allegedly showed classified documents to people without security clearance, including a writer and two members of staff.

At his golf club in Bedminster, New Jersey, which was also an "unauthorised location", he is said to have displayed and described a "plan of attack" that he told others had been prepared for him by the Department of Defense.

"As president I could have declassified it. Now I can't, you know, but this is still a secret," Mr Trump allegedly said, according to an audio recording.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: 'I did nothing wrong. We'll fight this out.'

Prosecutors say Mr Trump then showed off classified documents again in August or September 2021 at the Bedminster club.

The former US president allegedly "showed a representative of his political action committee who did not possess a security clearance a classified map".

This map "related to a military operation" and Mr Trump told the person "he should not be showing it" to them and they "should not get too close", the indictment says.

Special Counsel Jack Smith, who is overseeing the investigation, said on Friday that laws protecting national defence information were critical and must be enforced.

"We have one set of laws in this country, and they apply to everyone," he said in a brief statement in Washington.

The indictment included images of files allegedly stored in a shower

"He is a Trump hater - a deranged 'psycho' that shouldn't be involved in any case having to do with 'Justice,'" he wrote on his Truth Social platform.

Mr Trump pointed out that classified files were also found in President Joe Biden's former office and Delaware home, including in his garage.

The White House has previously said it immediately co-operated with officials as soon as those files were discovered, contrasting with Mr Trump's alleged efforts to obstruct investigators.

A federal investigation into Mr Biden's handling of classified documents is being led by Special Counsel Robert Hur and is still under way.

Shortly before the Department of Justice made the criminal charges public, two of Mr Trump's lawyers suddenly quit the case without much explanation, saying this was a "logical moment" to resign.

This is the second criminal case for Mr Trump, who is due to go on trial in New York next year in a state case involving a hush-money payment to a porn star.

An investigation into the cause of the incident on 22 March is ongoing

A US Navy vessel which tipped over in a dry dock in Edinburgh has been righted and is now afloat.

Two tugs manoeuvred the Petrel around Imperial Dock in Leith on Tuesday afternoon.

The 3,371-tonne ship tipped over on 22 March, sparking a huge emergency operation and leaving dozens injured.

The dry dock is thought to have been flooded to right the ship on Sunday, when pictures of the process were posted on social media.

The vessel had been leaning at a 45-degree angle.

Images on social media showed the vessel at a 45-degree angle

A US Navy spokesperson said work was undertaken to stabilise the ship, which was then moved along the pier to allow further evaluation and repair work to be undertaken.

The Health and Safety Executive (HSE) launched an investigation after the Petrel became dislodged from its holding.

NHS Lothian said 23 people were treated in hospital and 12 at the scene of the incident.

A HSE spokesperson said: "A HSE team is continuing to work with Police Scotland on the ongoing investigation of this incident."

The Petrel had been moored at the dockyard since 3 September 2020 due to "operational challenges" from the pandemic.

It was once owned by the late Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen, who bought the ship to locate historically significant shipwrecks.

In 2022 the Isle of Man-registered vessel was sold to the US Navy, and is now operated by American-owned firm Oceaneering International.

Nadia suffered a skull fracture and lacerated liver which caused her death

The stepfather of Nadia Kalinowska must serve at least 22 years in prison for her "brutal and merciless" murder.

The five-year-old girl died after being found at her family home with more than 70 injuries including a fractured skull.

Abdul Wahab, 35, pleaded guilty in court in January and was given an automatic life sentence.

Nadia's mother Aleksandra Wahab, who pleaded guilty to allowing the death of a child, was sentenced to 11 years.

The 29-year-old had also pleaded guilty to allowing a child to suffer serious physical harm.

She will serve half her sentence in prison and half on licence.

Nadia's family in Poland said their lives had been shattered by her death.

At Belfast Crown Court, Mr Justice O'Hara said what Abudl Wahab had done to Nadia was "brutal, merciless and outrageous" .

He added the 22-year minimum tariff reflected the "sustained nature of brutality" he had inflicted on her.

Aleksandra Wahab allowed her daughter to be murdered

In January, a court had been told the schoolgirl was tortured and killed in her home in Fernagh Drive in Newtownabbey and details of the injuries inflicted on Nadia were given.

As well as suffering a skull fracture and lacerated liver which caused her death, Nadia had sustained fractures and re-fractures to her ribs, a fractured collarbone, a fractured pelvis and an injury to her bowel.

The injuries were inflicted over many months.

At the time she died she also had surface injuries including bruising and abrasions and her teeth were decayed and rotten.

Abdul Wahab had claimed she was clumsy and had fallen down the stairs on the night she died.

The court was told the young son of Aleksandra and Abdul Wahab was taken to medical appointments regularly for "relatively minor matters" in stark contrast to how Nadia was treated.

Nadia often attended school in what was described as "traditional Muslim dress" which covered up her injuries.

Speaking outside court, Det Insp Gina Quinn said the "young and innocent" Nadia was subjected to a "campaign of violence" by her stepfather Abdul Wahab, while her mother ignored the "very obvious attacks".

"This was the ultimate betrayal of trust by the two people who should have protected loved and cared for Nadia," she said.

Det Insp Quinn also read a statement from Nadia's family in Poland who "loved and treasured" her.

"Nadia was just a child. A child who had her young and innocent life cruelly taken away," the statement says.

"We are still trying to come to terms with what happened to Nadia, and I am not sure that we ever will.

"To be honest our worlds have been shattered.

"Nadia will always remain in the heart of her loving grandmother and her closest family in Poland."

Abdul and Aleksandra Wahab sat in the glass-fronted dock at Belfast Crown Court, with guards on either side.

Another member of the security staff sat in between them.

The pair looked down at the floor for most of the sentencing hearing.

Towards the end of the 45-minute-long session, Abdul Wahab put his head in his hands and appeared to weep.

The court heard how the defendant had described Nadia as his "fairy princess" - but the judge said that was a "pathetic" attempt by Mr Wahab to "disavow" his plea of guilty.

As well as admitting murder, Abdul Wahab pleaded guilty to two charges of grievous bodily harm with intent 24 hours before the child's death and on other occasions between July and December 2019.

Speaking after the sentencing, Public Prosecution Service assistant director Ciaran McQuillan said it was a deeply distressing case.

"Every murder is abhorrent, but this was an especially sickening and brutal murder of a young child," he added.

The Threads app looks similar to Twitter

Facebook owner Meta is launching its new app to rival Twitter and says it will go live on Thursday.

The app, which is called Threads and is available for pre-order on the Apple App Store, will be linked to Instagram.

Screengrabs show a dashboard that looks similar to Twitter. Meta describes Threads as a "text based conversation app".

The move is the latest in a rivalry between Meta boss Mark Zuckerberg and Twitter owner Elon Musk.

Last month, the pair agreed to a physical fight, though it is unclear how serious the two men were about actually holding a bout.

"Thank goodness they're so sanely run", Mr Musk responded to a tweet about Threads, in an apparent fresh swipe at Mr Zuckerberg.

Meanwhile, Twitter has said that the popular user dashboard, TweetDeck will go behind a paywall in 30 days time.

The move is the latest push by Mr Musk as he tries to get users to sign up to Twitter's subscription service, Twitter Blue.

On Saturday, the multi-billionaire restricted the number of tweets users could see, citing extreme "data scraping".

It appears from Meta's Threads app that it will be a free service - and there will be no restrictions on how many posts a user can see.

"Threads is where communities come together to discuss everything from the topics you care about today to what'll be trending tomorrow" the description on the App Store says.

Pictures show screengrabs from the app, that look almost identical to Twitter.

Threads will also hoover up data on your phone, including location data, purchases and browsing history.

Several apps that bear a striking resemblance to Twitter have sprung up in recent years - such as Donald Trump's Truth Social and Mastodon.

Another similar app, Bluesky claimed to have seen "record" traffic after Mr Musk's move to restrict usage at the weekend.

However, Threads could be the biggest threat faced by Twitter to date.

Mark Zuckerberg has a history of borrowing other company's ideas - and making them work.

Meta's Reels is widely seen as a TikTok copy, while Stories looks similar to Snapchat.

Meta has the resources to compete with Twitter. Threads will be part of the Instagram platform, so it will also be connected to hundreds of millions of accounts. It's not starting from zero, as other would-be rivals have had to do.

Although Mr Musk has been praised in some quarters for his commitment to free speech, he has also alienated some users.

Mr Zuckerberg will hope he can pull enough disenchanted users away from Twitter to create a genuine alternative.

Drone footage released by Freedom of Russia Legion shows what they claim is destruction of Russian military targets in Belgorod region

The Russian region of Belgorod has again come under attack from across the Ukrainian border, with at least eight people reportedly hurt in shelling.

Russia's defence ministry has also claimed it thwarted other attempts by Ukraine to "invade" the region.

Kyiv has not commented on the allegations but has denied involvement in previous attacks across the border.

The latest strikes come more than a week after one of the most significant cross-border raids since the war began.

Belgorod's governor, Vyacheslav Gladkov, said Ukraine's armed forces shelled several districts on Thursday, damaging buildings. No fatalities have been reported but Mr Gladkov said hundreds of families would be evacuated once the situation became calmer.

Mr Gladkov added that as a result, some school exams in Shebekino had been cancelled and the authorities were now devising a way to allow students to secure university places without sitting them.

He also said that there had been an explosion in Belgorod city, which was thought to have been caused by a drone. Two people were injured in that attack.

Alongside the shelling, Russia's defence ministry has claimed its servicemen in the region repelled several attacks.

It said in a statement on Thursday evening that more than 50 Ukrainian "terrorists", four armoured combat vehicles, a Grad multiple rocket launcher and a pickup truck were destroyed. It has not been possible to independently verify the reports.

There have been conflicting reports about violence on the border.

BBC Verify has seen videos from two pro-Ukrainian paramilitary groups, the Freedom of Russia Legion and the Russian Volunteer Corps, announcing raids into Russia's territory.

The town of Shebekino in Belgorod region was among those shelled on Thursday

Despite this, local officials have denied reports of a Ukrainian troop breakthrough in Shebekino adding that the situation remains difficult and that the "shelling is ongoing".

Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Russian President Vladimir Putin was aware of the situation in Belgorod and criticised the international committee for failing to condemn Ukraine.

There have been a spate of attacks inside Russia in recent weeks.

Earlier this week, Russian President Vladimir Putin accused Ukraine of trying to frighten Russians following drone attacks in the capital, Moscow.

Kyiv has denied involvement in any of the attacks.

But the US is investigating whether any of its military equipment was used in the earlier incursion in Belgorod on 22 May and said it did not support any attack on Russian soil.

Meanwhile, three people have died during another attack on Ukraine's capital, Kyiv. An 11-year-old girl is reported to be among the dead.

It is the fourth attack on the city this week and comes after 17 strikes were launched on Kyiv throughout May.

It comes as the country's president, Volodymyr Zelensky, again called for Ukraine to be allowed to join Nato and the EU.

He was visiting Moldova for the European Political Community summit, where he also met European Commission President Ursula von Der Leyen.

He said their talks touched on security guarantees for Ukraine while it's waiting to join Nato.

The roof viewed from behind the bus after the smash

A child is among the 10 people taken to hospital after a crash where a double-decker bus had its roof torn off.

The bus hit a bridge in Cook Street, Glasgow, at 11:35 on Sunday. Its normal route had been diverted for a 10k running race in the city centre.

The Scottish Ambulance Service said that one patient was transported to the Royal Hospital for Children in Glasgow.

Five others were taken to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital and four went to Glasgow Royal Infirmary.

A number of other people were also treated by emergency services at the scene in Tradeston, south of the city centre.

A Scottish Ambulance Service Spokesperson said: "We dispatched 12 resources, as well as the Special Operations Resource Team and the Trauma Team."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

First Bus confirmed that its No.6 service had been affected by road closures for the Race for Life in Glasgow.

A company spokesperson said: "We are continuing to work closely with the emergency services and our thoughts remain with those involved.

"A full investigation into the root cause of the incident is underway."

The incident is the third bus crash involving the railway bridge in the last 30 years.

In 1994 five were killed when a bus struck the bridge where it crosses West Street, about a mile from the latest incident.

They were Girl Guides Catherine McKnight and Margaret-Anne Riddick, both aged 10, Laura Cullen, 11, as well as guide leaders Mary McGreskin and Rena Dougall.

In 2010 a double-decker bus had its roof ripped off when it crashed into the structure in Cook Street.

Police said the bus was not carrying any passengers at the time and the driver was uninjured.

Previous strikes by nurses from the RCN had an exemption allowing for cover in critical care areas of hospitals

A 48-hour strike by nurses, which will include emergency care, will "present serious risks and challenges", an NHS boss has said.

The Royal College of Nursing has rejected the pay offer for England while Unison workers accepted it.

Sir Julian Hartley, from NHS Providers, which represents NHS workers, said the May bank holiday strike would mark an "unprecedented level of action".

The government said it was "based on a vote from the minority" of nurses.

The award on the table was a 5% pay rise for 2023-24. And there was an extra one-off lump sum of at least £1,655 to top up the past year's salary. But on Friday, the RCN announced its members had rejected the offer by 54% to 46%.

The walkout from 20:00 BST on 30 April to 20:00 on 2 May will involve NHS nurses in emergency departments, intensive care, cancer and other wards.

Nurses have already walked out twice this year on 6 and 7 February and on 18 and 19 January - but on those dates there were exemptions so that nursing cover was maintained in critical areas.

The announcement comes just as the NHS is getting back to normal after a four-day walkout by junior doctors - who are demanding a 35% pay rise - which ended at 07:00 on Saturday.

Sir Julian, chief executive of NHS Providers, said during the strike by junior doctors gaps had been filled by consultants and other staff, but he warned if nurses went ahead with their action this might be more difficult to deal with.

"But with nursing staff, obviously that represent a significant proportion of the workforce, taking action in those areas as well that will present an unprecedented level of action, that we haven't yet seen from nursing staff and therefore the challenges with that, the organisation and all the work that go into managing and mitigating that will be enormous," he said.

When asked about the prospect of nurses and junior doctors striking on the same day, he added: "They are central, pivotal to the delivery of care across all sectors, hospitals, community services, mental health services.

"So obviously the prospect of both groups being out at the same time would present enormous challenges to the service and that would be really really the most difficult challenge ever faced yet if we had to deal with that scenario."

The RCN's director for England, Patricia Marquis, when asked by BBC Newsnight about coordinated strike action, said it was having conversations with the British Medical Association but not specifically around coordinating strikes.

"That's obviously something that would have to be considered, least because we're all in the same space. We all work in the same places", she said.

"And therefore there may be an issue where our strikes do at some point either coordinate or overlap in someway."

Nick Hulme, chief executive of Colchester and Ipswich Hospitals said recent strike action had been a "massive distraction from the work we should be doing" including reducing waiting times - and urged all parties to find a quick solution.

Speaking to BBC Radio 4's Today programme, Mr Hulme said he would be concerned if the currently separate strike action by nurses and junior doctors was co-ordinated at any stage.

"It just fills me with a lot of anxiety and it's almost something I can't comprehend," he said.

"Being able to run services safely without those two clinal groups of staff I think would be very, very difficult indeed and would increase the risks to patients."

Chancellor Jeremy Hunt urged members of the GMB and Unite unions - which represent smaller numbers of NHS staff - to join Unison in accepting the government's offer because it would be "best for patients and best for staff".

The British Medical Association, which represents junior doctors, said it was "not ruling in or out" of co-ordinated action with other unions - such as nurses' unions.

Dr Vivek Trivedi, the co-chairman of the BMA junior doctors committee, said that if the government refused to negotiate "we are prepared to strike again", adding: "We will consider all options available to us."

Clint Cooper who is a nurse at Scarborough Hospital said he believed in the principles of what his colleagues were doing, but he decided to vote against strike action in the RCN ballot.

"Last week I had two patients who were very poorly and I wonder if I hadn't been there and escalated it, would they still be alive if I had walked out and that's my conscience talking to me," he said.

Meanwhile, fellow RCN member Diane Cawood voted to reject the government's latest pay offer, describing the staffing situation as "dire" and inpatient care as "dangerous" at the moment.

The mental health nurse, whose NHS trust did not meet the threshold to strike, said she enjoyed her work but "the day may come when I can't afford to stay in this job".

Nurse Clint Cooper said it was not just about pay but"about the future of the NHS"

A Unison member who has worked as a nurse for 30 years and voted to accept the government's pay offer said the pressure on staff was "unsustainable" but pay was not the fundamental issue.

The specialist nurse, who wishes to remain anonymous, said that instead retention and recruitment "presents the greatest challenge to the profession".

Pat Cullen, RCN general secretary and chief executive, said that until there was a significantly improved offer, RCN nurses would be forced to go back to the picket line.

She said the government "needs to increase what has already been offered and we will be highly critical of any move to reduce it".

The Unison union, which represents some nurses and ambulance crews, voted overwhelmingly in favour of the government's pay offer.

Sara Gorton from Unison said health workers would have wanted more "but this was the best that could be achieved through negotiation".

Members have "opted for the certainty of getting the extra cash in their pockets soon", she added.

Hundreds of thousands of NHS staff from other unions are still voting on the same pay deal over the next two weeks.

In Scotland, union members have accepted an offer worth an average 6.5% for 2023-24. Health unions in Wales and Northern Ireland are still in negotiations with their governments over pay

Are you a nurse with a view on the strike? Are you a patient affected? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

About 200,000 are believed to have taken to the streets in Tel Aviv

Hundreds of thousands of Israelis rallied against the government's judicial plans on Saturday night, in what organisers said were the biggest street protests in Israel's history.

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says the changes - which would curb the power of courts - will restore balance between the branches of government.

At one of Saturday's rallies, opposition leader Yair Lapid said this was Israel's "greatest crisis".

In a separate development, Israeli troops shot dead three armed Palestinians near the West Bank city of Nablus on Sunday, the Israeli army said. It said the gunmen had fired at an Israeli army post.

Palestinian officials have not commented on the incident. There has been a marked surge in violence between Palestinians and Israel in recent months.

On Saturday, protest organisers said as many as 500,000 demonstrators took to the streets across Israel for the 10th consecutive week, in what the Haaretz newspaper called "the largest demonstration in the country's history".

About 200,000 people turned up in Tel Aviv - many carrying Israel's national flag - to rally against planned reforms by Mr Netanyahu's hardline government.

A BBC producer in the city described the protests as the busiest yet, with a non-stop flow of demonstrators packing the streets until late into the night.

In remarkable scenes, crowds applauded Tel Aviv police chief Amichai Eshed as he walked in uniform through the rally.

On Thursday, National Security Minister Itamar Ben-Gvir had said he was transferring Mr Eshed to head a training division, amid reports the ultra-nationalist politician accused the commander of being too soft on protesters, whom he calls "anarchists".

But Attorney General Gali Baharav-Miara later overruled Mr Ben-Gvir, saying the decision was being frozen, while national police chief Kobi Shabtai on Saturday said he had "made a mistake" in dismissing Eshed.

The clash over the commander's position is significant. It comes amid predictions of a possible constitutional crisis, involving Israel's civil service and security forces being unable to take orders from the government, if no compromise is reached on the planned reforms, says the BBC's Tom Bateman in Jerusalem.

Speaking at the demonstrations in Tel Aviv, former Israel police chief Moshe Karadi described Mr Ben-Gvir's control of the force as an unprecedented danger.

He said the minister was "a convicted felon, enacting a hostile takeover of the police and trying to turn it into a private militia to serve his political purposes".

Mr Ben-Gvir has previous convictions for racist incitement and supporting terrorism over his backing of a Jewish extremist group. He has said police would have "zero tolerance" of demonstrators who block roads, with forces using water cannon and stun grenades against protesters last week.

Speaking in the southern city of Be'er Sheva, Mr Lapid warned that the country was facing an unprecedented crisis.

"A wave of terrorism is hitting us, our economy is crashing, money is escaping the country. Iran just signed yesterday a new agreement with Saudi Arabia. But the only thing this government cares about is crushing Israeli democracy," he said.

In the northern city of Haifa, a record crowd of 50,000 marched on Saturday.

The planned reforms have caused deep divides in Israeli society

The reforms aim to give the elected government decisive influence over the choice of judges, and limit the ability of the Supreme Court to rule against the executive or strike down legislation.

The issue has caused deep divides in Israeli society and, significantly, has seen reservists - the backbone of Israel's military - threatening to refuse to serve as a way of showing their opposition.

Last Monday, in an unprecedented move, dozens of reserve fighter pilots in an elite Israeli Air Force squadron said they would not report for training. They later reversed course and agreed to attend and hold talks with their commanders.

On Thursday, protesters blocked roads and attempted to stop Mr Netanyahu flying out of the country. He later took off for Rome.

The government has stood firm in the face of the uproar, claiming the protests are being fuelled by political opponents.

Critics say the planned reforms, which are already making their way through parliament, will politicise the judiciary and could lead to an authoritarian government.

Mr Netanyahu says the reforms are designed to stop the courts overreaching their powers and that they were voted for by the Israeli public at the last election.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. WATCH: Protesters flood the streets of Tel Aviv this week

COP28 President, is currently head of the country's state oil company Adnoc

The UK government has defended the United Arab Emirates' appointment of oil executive Sultan al-Jaber as head of this year's UN COP28 climate summit.

It comes after more than 130 lawmakers from the US and EU wrote to the UN calling for his removal.

The UN has long been criticised for the involvement of the fossil fuel industry in the COP climate summits.

On Thursday, Minister for Net Zero Graham Stuart said Jaber was "an outstanding individual".

Every year the host country for the global climate summit, known as COP, nominates a president. As well as organising the event they provide political leadership, heading up critical negotiations on climate action in the run up to, and during, the conference.

This year the hosts, the UAE, nominated Sultan Ahmed al Jaber, the head of the state oil company, as president of the summit, which starts in Dubai in November.

Campaigners have been growing increasingly vocal against this decision, and this week 133 lawmakers from the EU and US joined the call for his removal.

In a joint letter addressed to the United Nations, European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen and US President Joe Biden, the lawmakers expressed their "profound concern" that the fossil fuel industry was allowed to exert influence on the talks.

But Mr Stuart, during a news conference on Thursday, defended the decision of the UAE.

Speaking at an environmental technology conference, he said: "I think he is an outstanding individual and we look forward to working with the UAE to ensure COP28 is a success and gets more countries committing to the necessary emissions reductions."

Mr Stuart also defended Jaber's track record at ADNOC, the UAE state oil company, saying that he was cleaning up their operations and reducing emissions.

Any emissions from the production of oil are dwarfed by the emissions produced when it is used. But the emissions from using oil products like petrol are the responsibility of the country where they are used

The UAE is one of the 10 largest oil producers in the world. Their state oil company pumped 2.7 million barrels of oil per day in 2021, according to the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (Opec).

The company aims to expand to nearly double output to five million barrels per day by 2027 - a target date brought forward from 2030 two months ago by Jaber.

Zeina Khalil Hajj, head of global campaigning for 350.org, one of the groups calling for his removal, said: "It is the equivalent of appointing the CEO of a cigarette company to oversee a conference on cancer cures."

In ten days countries will come together for the Bonn climate conference - the halfway point to COP28 which is used to reflect on progress in reaching climate targets. There are suggestions that these talks will be used to reflect on the involvement of polluting industries, like oil companies, in the talks.

'Here's my number, so call me, Barclay'

We're now hearing speeches at the BMA rally in Trafalgar Square with plenty of interjections and responses from the noisy crowd. Union officials are on a big stage speaking to what is now hundreds of junior doctors in Trafalgar Square. "Full pay restoration," the crowd chants when there is a gap in speaking. "What choice do you have other than to do what you are doing [striking]... Continue with this level of determination and unity and we will win this dispute," another speaker says to applause. The mood is also light at times. Because the BMA says that it has yet to receive any pay offer from the government, we're now hearing a parody version of Carly Rae Jepsen hit Call Me Maybe - with BMA reps on the stage adapting the lyrics to implore Health Secretary Steve Barclay to call them. "Here's our number, so call us, Barclay." It's met with laughs as the crowd sings along.

The BB in Northern Ireland originally decided to become a separate body in 2022

The Boys' Brigade (BB) in Northern Ireland has finalised the terms of its split from the organisation in the UK and Ireland.

A new organisation called the Northern Ireland Boys' Brigade is to be established.

But companies from County Donegal will be able to remain in the Northern Ireland body as part of the agreement.

The final decision to set up the new organisation is expected to be approved at a meeting on Monday.

The BB in Northern Ireland originally decided to become a separate body in 2022.

The split with the BB in the UK and Ireland is due to differences over finance, governance and some "cultural differences" on faith matters.

With about 11,000 boys and 2,500 leaders in about 260 churches across Northern Ireland, the BB is one of NI's biggest youth organisations.

It is connected mainly to Presbyterian churches, as well as some other Protestant denominations.

The first BB company in Northern Ireland was set up in Donegall Pass in Belfast in 1888, five years after the organisation was founded in Glasgow.

There are now about 1,200 companies in the UK and Ireland as a whole, and many more in other countries across the world.

BBC News NI understands that stances on LGBT issues accounted for some of the "cultural differences" with the BB in the UK and Ireland.

But a spokesperson for the Northern Ireland Boys' Brigade said it did not hold a "doctrinal position" on LGBT issues.

"That is a matter for each church denomination with which we partner," they added.

According to the terms of the split agreement, seen by BBC News NI, the Northern Ireland Boys' Brigade "would not actively seek to form companies in the Republic of Ireland".

But the agreement with the BB in the UK and Ireland means "Donegal companies will be part of the Northern Ireland Boys' Brigade".

The Northern Ireland BB will also pay a "fixed annual fee for five years" for intellectual property to continue using the BB anchor emblem, logo, uniform and the "Sure and Steadfast" motto.

The organisation in Northern Ireland will continue to take part in UK-wide award and activity schemes for "an initial period of five years".

The decision for Northern Ireland to become an "autonomous organisation" was previously approved by an overwhelming majority of companies.

As a result the vote on the final split agreement is also expected to be approved at the Monday's meeting.

But some members of the BB who have contacted BBC News NI have been critical of the move, saying it creates a "BB Irish Sea border".

Ukraine's foreign minister spoke of his disappointment that the Pope is yet to visit Ukraine

Countries that "mistreated Ukraine" will be held to account after the war ends, Ukraine's Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba has warned.

In a BBC interview he said the choice every nation made following Russia's full-scale invasion will be "taken into account in building future relations".

He also warned delays of Western weapon deliveries would cost Ukrainian lives.

"If one delivery is postponed for one day, it means that someone is going to die on the frontline," he said.

In a wide-ranging interview, Mr Kuleba also discussed how he believes the war will end, the role of China in the war, and his disappointment that Pope Francis has yet to visit his country in war time.

Mr Kuleba spoke to the BBC in Ukraine's imposing, Soviet-era foreign ministry at the heart of Kyiv, now protected by sandbags and armed guards.

Western nations have shown strong unity in backing Ukraine so far

Although Ukraine has received military and economic support from Western powers since Russia's invasion, many countries in Africa, Asia and South America have stayed on the sidelines.

Some are historically sympathetic to Russia, some are concerned about the economic costs of the war, and others believe the West is prolonging the fighting unnecessarily.

But Mr Kuleba made clear that countries which failed to support Ukraine now - those, he said, which had "misbehaved in the course of this war and mistreated Ukraine", would pay a price in the future.

Ukraine may well be dependent on Western aid and military support in the medium to long term and so its diplomatic disapproval may not worry some countries. But in peacetime Ukraine's huge grain exports give it substantial economic leverage, particularly in parts of the developing world.

"If anyone in the world thinks that the way this or that country behaved - or treated Ukraine at the darkest moment of its history - will not be taken into account in building future relations, these people just don't know how diplomacy works," he said.

"War is a time when you have to make a choice. And every choice has been recorded."

Ukraine is using vast amounts of shells and ammunition to defend itself - and needs even more

Mr Kuleba said Western allies were not giving Ukraine military support fast enough because they had not been ready for a conflict on the same scale as World War One. And what he needed was artillery shells.

"We want partners to act faster," he said. "And if one delivery is postponed for one day, it means that someone is going to die on the front line.

"It means that someone who could have been still alive is going to die."

Nowhere has the demand for ammunition been greater than in the eastern city of Bakhmut where Ukrainian forces have been holding out for more than seven months against repeated Russian attempts to seize the city.

This, Mr Kuleba said, was "emotionally very challenging" because of the losses suffered.

But if Bakhmut fell, then other cities would be next: "So in order to save lives there… we have to fight in Bakhmut as long as we physically can."

Russia has lost many troops battling for Bakhmut, but Ukraine has also suffered high casualties defending it

There was no sign, he said, of Russia being willing to negotiate an end to the fighting but he added: "Every war ends at the negotiating table... But my goal as a foreign minister is to make sure that Ukraine reaches the table after a defining success on the battlefield."

And that involves building the strongest possible coalition of support, an alliance that he feels does not include the Pope. Mr Kuleba said it was not for him but for God to judge the Holy Father but, he said: "We deeply regret that the Pope has not found an opportunity to visit Ukraine since the beginning of the war."

China, too, has thus far resisted Ukraine's lobbying for a meeting between China's President Xi Jinping and Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky, even though Beijing confirmed on Friday that China's leader is to visit Moscow next week.

Mr Kuleba said his president was ready for a telephone conversation with Mr Xi and added: "I don't think China has reached the moment now… when it's ready to arm Russia."

The West worries China may start sending weaponry to Russia

As for the United States, some analysts have speculated support for Ukraine might reduce after next year's presidential elections. But Mr Kuleba said: "I think we can survive any Republican voice", and insisted "the biggest luxury that Ukraine enjoys in the United States is the bipartisan support in both Democratic and Republican camps".

As his country's top diplomat, Dmytro Kuleba remains quietly confident Ukraine can maintain the backing of the allies that count: the ones which provide tangible support.

And, he says, Ukraine has one crucial factor on its side: "Historically, Ukraine was unfairly under-appreciated, and I regret it took a bloodshed and a devastating war for the world to realise how cool we are.

"And we will always be cool. But it just took you too much time to realise that."

Mr Khan's arrest on corruption charges has sparked protests across Pakistan

Unrest has continued to grip Pakistan after former prime minister Imran Khan pleaded not guilty to corruption following his arrest on Tuesday.

At least eight people have died nationwide in the protests and 1,400 have been arrested, police say.

The army has been called in to quell violence and has warned protesters against more attacks on state property.

Mr Khan's arrest has dramatically escalated tensions between him and the military at a time of economic crisis.

Conviction would disqualify the former international cricket star - and Pakistan's prime minister from 2018 to 2022 - from standing for office, possibly for life. Elections are due later this year.

Pakistan's army has heavily influenced the nuclear-armed country for most of its existence and is a crucial behind-the-scenes player.

Many analysts believe Mr Khan's election win in 2018 happened with the help of the military. But since he was ousted from premiership, Mr Khan has become one of the military's most vocal critics.

On Wednesday, Mr Khan was indicted on charges that he unlawfully sold state gifts during his premiership, in a case brought by Pakistan's Election Commission. Mr Khan denied any wrongdoing.

A day earlier, dramatic footage showed dozens of security officers forcibly removing the 70-year-old from court - where he was attending to separate graft proceedings - then bundling him into a police vehicle.

Mr Khan's Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) party called his arrest in the capital Islamabad an "abduction" and said it would challenge its legality in court.

The judge has ordered that Mr Khan be remanded in custody for eight days, after which he can seek bail.

This is just one of over 100 corruption cases registered against Mr Khan since he left office. For months he had avoided arrest, with his supporters at times fighting pitched battles with police to keep him out of custody.

One of his Mr Khan's lawyers, Sher Afzal Marwat, said his client was in good spirits.

Amid violent protests nationwide, Mr Khan's supporters ransacked the corps commander's residence in Lahore, smashing chandeliers and making away with peacocks, strawberries and golf clubs - among other things - which they said were bought with "citizen's money". Scores of vehicles and public installations were set alight.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

On Wednesday, the BBC witnessed clashes between protesters and the police in the middle of one of Islamabad's main motorways. More than 145 policemen have been wounded in these confrontations, the police said.

"We came to do a peaceful protest, but these police are shelling us," one man, who was holding stones and a stick and wearing a surgical mask, told the BBC.

"Until our death we will continue this protest or until they free Imran. Otherwise we will shut the whole country."

Mr Khan's supporters overseas have also organised protests in the two days since his arrest.

In a televised address to the nation, Pakistan's Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif warned that violent protests would not be tolerated.

"The perpetrators who take the law into their own hands will be dealt with an iron hand," he said.

PTI supporters had torched vehicles and hurled petrol bombs at Mr Sharif's residence in Lahore in the early hours of Wednesday, local media reported.

Imran Khan at his residence in Lahore in March

Pakistan's army described Tuesday as a "dark day" and warned protesters of "severe retaliation" against further attacks on military and state properties.

Among the protesters arrested were two senior PTI leaders, including its secretary-general Asad Umar.

Mr Khan was ousted in a parliamentary no-confidence vote last April, less than four years into his term as prime minister.

In November 2022, he was shot in the leg while leading a protest march in the eastern city of Wazirabad demanding early elections.

Mr Khan had accused a senior intelligence officials of carrying out the attack - which the military has strongly denied.

Additional reporting by Farhat Javed, Usman Zahid and Malik Mudassir in Islamabad and Kelly Ng in Singapore

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Police are at the quayside of the Dorset Belle, which is anchored at Cobb's Quay in Poole Harbour

Police investigating the deaths of two children pulled from the sea in Bournemouth are at the quayside of a boat that was in the vicinity when 999 calls started coming in.

A 12-year-old girl and a boy, 17, died after an incident involving a total of 10 swimmers on Wednesday.

Pleasure cruiser Dorset Belle is at anchor at Cobb's Quay in Poole Harbour, with a police van nearby.

Dorset Police said it was unable to comment.

The Dorset Belle is being guarded by a police van in nearby Poole

According to the Marine Traffic website, Dorset Belle visited Bournemouth Pier, where the incident happened, at 16:00 BST.

The boat offers regular cruises around Bournemouth and the Dorset Coast leaving from the pier.

The BBC has tried to contact the owners of Dorset Belle.

The vessel's website states that it was purpose-built as a passenger boat to operate locally and could "cope with the occasional challenging swell conditions encountered at local piers".

Ten swimmers got into difficulty in the sea off Bournemouth beach on Wednesday afternoon

Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole (BCP) Council's website says all passenger-carrying boats must be issued with a licence to operate in the area.

It also states from April to October, yellow marker buoys are set out 200m (656ft) from the low water mark to indicate that vessels must not "go beyond six knots, annoy or endanger other beach users or run ashore or launch from the beach".

Vikki Slade, leader of BCP Council, said: "There is no evidence to suggest any of those rules have been breached.

"We are confident with our partners that any lessons that need to be learned in the future will be learned."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Police said pier jumping had been ruled out as a cause of the tragedy

Tobias Ellwood, Conservative MP for Bournemouth East, urged Dorset Police to provide a "qualified statement" on the circumstances surrounding the incident, which resulted in the deaths of the girl from Buckinghamshire and boy from Southampton.

Speaking to BBC Radio Solent, he said: "Police must be given the space to do their investigation, but ultimately we do need to alleviate fears and remove the rife speculation that pours out because of social media, we have eight miles of beach and families want to know is it safe."

Dorset Police has declined to comment on any investigation into the Dorset Belle.

The force said it was working with the Maritime Accident Investigation Branch and Maritime and Coastguard Agency.

A floral tribute was left on the beach close to the pier after news of the deaths emerged

It comes after Assistant Chief Constable Rachel Farrell stressed investigations were still in the early stages and the force was only releasing certain details to address speculation. The exact circumstances of what happened remain unclear.

An earlier police statement confirmed there was no physical contact with a jet ski or boat and no-one jumped from the pier during the incident. A man arrested on suspicion of manslaughter has been released while inquiries continue.

The council leader previously told members of the press making sure the beach was safe would be a "top priority" for the authority.

She confirmed she would be meeting with MP Conor Burns to discuss pier safety on Friday.

Follow BBC South on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to south.newsonline@bbc.co.uk.

Have you been affected by issues covered in this story? Email haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The remains of an Australian man who vanished while fishing with friends have been found inside a crocodile.

Kevin Darmody, 65, was last seen at Kennedy's Bend - a well-known saltwater crocodile habitat in a remote part of northern Queensland - on Saturday.

After a two-day search of the area, police euthanised two large crocodiles and found human body parts.

Police said it was a "tragic ending" for Mr Darmody. A formal identification process will be carried out.

Mr Darmody was an experienced fisherman and a well-known member of the community in Cape York.

The two crocodiles, which measured 4.1m (13.4 ft) and 2.8m (9.2 ft) in length, were shot dead on Monday about 1.5 km (0.9 miles) from where he was last seen.

Human remains were found inside only one of the reptiles, but wildlife officers believe both were involved in the incident.

The fishermen with Mr Darmody at the time did not see the attack, but reported hearing him yell, followed by a loud splash.

"I raced down… but there was no sign of him, just his thongs [flip-flops] on the bank and nothing else," his friend John Peiti told the Cape York Weekly.

Crocodiles are common in Australia's tropical north, but attacks are rare. Mr Darmody's death is just the 13th fatal attack in Queensland since record-keeping began in 1985.

A fisherman was killed by a crocodile in similar circumstances on Queensland's Hinchinbrook Island in 2021, and there were also fatal attacks in the state's far north in 2017 and 2016.

Since a ban on hunting in 1974, Queensland's crocodile population has rebounded from a low of some 5,000 animals to around 30,000 today.

A 2019 report suggested an average of 1.7 adult crocs living in each kilometre of river surveyed.

Under Queensland's management programme, "problem crocodiles" are removed from areas where they threaten public safety and, in rare instances, euthanised.

Those numbers are dwarfed by Australia's Northern Territory (NT), which is home to the world's largest wild crocodile population of some 100,000 reptiles.

Despite publicity campaigns to be "crocwise" around rivers, there was an average of 1-2 deaths from crocodile attacks in the Territory each year from 2005, but none have occurred since 2018.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Tamsin Graves sang The Lord is My Shepherd at the meeting

A campaigner opposed to controversial plans for a new cancer centre broke into song during a council meeting.

Cardiff council was discussing plans, already approved, to build a new Velindre Cancer Centre on land near its current site in Whitchurch.

Opponents say the centre should not be built on an area of green space they refer to as "the northern meadow".

Tamsin Graves sang The Lord is My Shepherd, claiming the developer had shown "no regard" for the environment.

At a Cardiff council planning committee meeting, Ms Graves spoke for a group that protested against the construction of the centre in Whitchurch.

Opponents previously raised concerns about a loss of natural habitat and biodiversity.

She told councillors the opponents concerns had been left out of a council report, according the Local Democracy Reporting Service.

"These are the lack of a road safety audit and to the wholly inadequate surface, water and drainage strategy," she said.

"These two issues should be of paramount concern to every single one of us here.

"The developer has sadly shown little or no regard for the safety, health and well-being of the community or of the environment to date.

"The constant re-invention of words to gloss over the intended decimation of this site of importance for nature conservation is an insult to planet and people. On your heads be it."

Protestors occupied the meadow in 2021 with one woman chaining herself to a gate

Before breaking into song, Ms Graves added: "Here are the pasture meadows of Ty Clyd Farm in 1840, still here in 2023.

"Natural, unique, irreplaceable green pastures, providing health to our lungs, protection from cancer and refreshment for our souls."

The company selected to design and build the new cancer centre is Acorn.

Project director Richard Coe responded, saying a plan had been put in place "to make sure things like traffic, surface water and environmental concerns are well managed".

"The Acorn team has engaged extensively with council officers, CADW and NRW and we have worked with that feedback to develop the final [construction environmental and management plan]," he said.

"We are confident that it presents a very robust document to ensure that the project will be delivered with minimal impact and disruption to the local area for the shortest period possible."

Staff overseeing May's local elections could be "overwhelmed" as they deal with the introduction of compulsory voter ID, councils have warned.

For the first time, everyone voting in person in English local elections on 4 May will need to show identification.

The Electoral Commission said there had been extensive planning to get councils ready for the challenge.

Critics say the changes are unnecessary and will damage democracy by making it harder for some to vote.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has said the ID checks will ensure elections are "high-integrity processes", despite no evidence of large-scale electoral fraud in the UK.

Since 2018, there have been nine convictions and six police cautions issued in connection with cases of electoral fraud, according to the Electoral Commission.

The Local Government Association (LGA) - which represents local authorities - said the practical difficulties faced by councils enforcing ID checks "should not be underestimated".

LGA spokesman Kevin Bentley said local authorities "remain concerned about the potential for electoral staff to be overwhelmed with enquiries and voter authority certificate applications, now polling cards have been issued".

Mr Bentley, the Conservative leader of Essex County Council, also said polling station staff might have to deal with abuse from voters who did not bring ID, telling the BBC "that could possibly happen".

He did not rule out calling on the UK government to scrap voter ID checks at the general election, due next year, if there are widespread problems on 4 May.

"If that were the case we would have that honest conversation", he said.

With the local elections now less than three weeks away, new research from the Electoral Commission shows that almost a quarter of people it surveyed still did not know that photo ID was required to vote.

Craig Westwood, from the Electoral Commission, said that voters often "respond late" ahead of elections and "we always see a very significant spike in the days leading up to the deadline".

The communications director said the Commission had been running a campaign since January to make sure people were aware of this change.

"The awareness in the public has gone up from 22% to 76% over that period and that's still with a month to go," he added.

The new rules mean that voters need to take photo ID to get their ballot papers in local elections in England, police and crime commissioner elections in England and Wales, and UK parliamentary elections.

However, it is thought more than one million eligible voters do not currently have accepted forms of photo proof.

People who do not have the right photo ID can apply for a free voter ID document - a "voter authority certificate" - from their local council.

The deadline to register for one of these is 25 April - but government data shows just 60,368 people have applied since the scheme was launched.

Mr Westwood said "people understand" the new photo ID rules, adding that applications for the voter authority certificate were increasing "day by day".

He also said there would be more staff at polling stations during the local elections in May.

Officials, who will be called "greeters", will be positioned outside some polling stations to "make sure that people are definitely aware of the ID requirement", he added.

Deputy Labour leader Angela Rayner said voter ID was "an expensive, unnecessary policy and the wrong priority at the height of a cost-of-living crisis".

The Liberal Democrats have called on the government to "cancel the voter ID measures before too many people lose their voice in this year's local elections".

Green Party Co-leader Adrian Ramsay said young people and over-75s were most at risk of being disenfranchised and warned that denying their right to vote could "swing results".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Ione Wells explains the new rules for voting in England, in a minute

South Norfolk Council is leaving nothing to chance, producing a rap video with the authority's managing director "spitting bars" and urging people to "ID like a boss".

There are 22 forms of accepted ID that can be used in polling stations including passports, driving licences and blue badges - as well as the free voter ID certificate.

From October the compulsory voter ID rules will also apply to any future general elections. Photo ID is not required for postal votes.

In Northern Ireland - where photo ID is already required - 11 council elections are being held on 18 May. There are no local elections in Wales and Scotland in May.

Voters in England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland will be required to show ID at the next general election, widely expected in 2024.

Rishi Sunak said on Conservative Home on Thursday that about 98% of people already had acceptable forms of ID for voting.

That figure comes from a survey commissioned by the Cabinet Office in 2021.

The most commonly held form of ID was a passport, which 91% of people had.

But the Electoral Commission's research found a higher number, with 3% of people not having any photo ID and another 1% not having any photo ID where they think they are recognisable.

ONS figures from 2021 show almost 50 million people were registered to vote in local elections across the UK. That means that if 4% of people do not have acceptable ID, almost two million people will need to get hold of some if they want to vote.

Although not all registered voters have elections in their areas this year, they will all need to get ID if they want to vote in the general election, which is expected to take place in 2024.

Last updated on .From the section Women's Football

Euro 2022 top scorer Beth Mead is not included in England's Women's World Cup squad, having not fully recovered from an anterior cruciate ligament injury.

The Arsenal forward, 27, has not played since November and was a major doubt.

Tottenham striker Beth England, who has not been involved since last summer, is included having scored 12 goals in her past 12 Women's Super League games.

Chelsea centre-back Millie Bright, who has been out with a knee injury since March, has made the 23-player squad.

England head coach Sarina Wiegman confirmed Bright would captain the team in the absence of injured defender Leah Williamson.

Midfielder Fran Kirby was also already ruled out through injury, but Barcelona defender Lucy Bronze is in despite having knee surgery in April.

Wiegman said she did not ever think there was a chance Mead would be fit in time for the tournament in Australia and New Zealand.

"She's so positive and going well, but the timescale she had we would have taken so many risks to get to the World Cup," said Wiegman.

"I'm not willing to take that risk to push her too much and she gets injured again. We need to take care of players."

There is no place for Manchester United forward Nikita Parris or defender Maya le Tissier, but Le Tissier has been placed on standby, alongside uncapped goalkeeper Emily Ramsey and forward Jess Park.

Manchester City defender Steph Houghton, who captained England for eight years, has not been called up despite injuries in defence leading to some calls for her return.

Midfielder Laura Coombs is one of six players in the squad who will be going to their first major tournament, along with Chelsea pair Lauren James and Niamh Charles, Manchester City's Esme Morgan, Manchester United's Katie Zelem and Brighton's Katie Robinson.

England play Haiti in their opening match on 22 July in Australia.

Wiegman said her decision to leave out Le Tissier, 21, was one of the hardest to make because of competition in defensive positions, where there is lots of versatility.

She has just two caps for England but has impressed at centre-back for United this season.

Le Tissier, Ramsey and Park will train with the squad at St George's Park in June. Goalkeeper Ramsey will leave the group prior to departure for Australia.

"Of course [Le Tissier] was really close," said Wiegman. "That was a hard call. With all the defenders we had to think about it.

"She just didn't get there. She has had a very good season at Manchester United."

While there was bitter disappointment for Le Tissier, England received her first call up for a year and was rewarded for her goalscoring form since making the January switch from Chelsea.

"She is selected because of her performances. She was at Chelsea and didn't build that much credit because we hardly saw her play," said Wiegman.

"But then she made a move, and how she did, performed and the resilience she showed made us make the decision to get her in the squad."

'Bright will be fine as captain'

Aside from selection, another talking point was who would take over the captaincy from Williamson in her injury absence.

Bright was named vice-captain for Euro 2022 and Wiegman confirmed she will wear the armband in Australia.

"I haven't told her she would be the captain, that's how we've been all the time," said Wiegman.

"Where she is at right now in her rehab, we haven't really spoken about it yet. She will be fine, she has done it before."

Another question was whether Aston Villa forward Rachel Daly, who was the WSL's Player of the Season and top goalscorer, would play up front in the tournament having started every game at left-back at Euro 2022.

"Yes, she can, like some other players. She has had a very good season and done really well," said Wiegman.

"She has played for us as a number nine and at the back. Her versatility helps the team."

Wiegman's decision to name 23 players is also different from last summer's home Euros, where she had a longlist of 28 names initially.

"It has to do with the timescale and going to the other side of the world," said Wiegman.

"While we were in England we could have training all the time and give clarity. Now we have a holiday then go quickly to Australia. So we wanted to have clarity on that."

Parents and teachers of Year 6 pupils say a Sats reading paper was so difficult it left children in tears.

One mother told the BBC that her child, who loves reading, was unable to finish the paper.

A head teachers' union said even staff had struggled to understand the questions, and it would be raising concerns about the paper.

The Department for Education (DfE) said it worked to ensure that "all tests are appropriate".

Some parents said on social media that their children were "distraught" after the paper, which is part of a series of national curriculum tests known as Sats.

A head teacher in Cheshire wrote to her MP calling for Sats to be scrapped after her primary school pupils were left "broken".

Jill Russell, from Cumbria, said her daughter, Pashley, was "very close to tears" when she picked her up from school on Wednesday.

Pashley, who is autistic, loves reading and is the subject ambassador for English in her school. She had been worried about Sats, but reading was "the one she was least concerned about".

Pashley (l) is a keen reader, says her mum Jill (r)

"She usually ends up having a lot of extra time left over, and she said 'I don't think I got to the end of the paper.... I didn't understand a lot of it. It didn't make sense'," Ms Russell said.

"It's definitely made her more anxious about going back in today [Thursday]."

Ms Russell thinks it is "good, in a way, to have some kind of tests" before GCSEs and thinks Pashley's school is "fantastic", but feels that schools in general are under too much pressure to perform well in Sats.

"It kind of feels like they're being taught how to pass the test, as opposed to being taught, and then the test is an addition," she said.

The government has advised that the content of the test paper should not be published until all Year 6 pupils have had the chance to take it.

Sarah Hannafin, head of policy for the National Association of Head Teachers (NAHT), said the union was "very concerned" about the paper.

"Members have told us that the choice of texts was not accessible for the wide range of experiences and backgrounds children have and the difficulty was beyond previous tests, leaving children upset and with even staff struggling to understand the questions," she said.

She said the NAHT would raise the concerns with Standards and Testing Agency, which delivers assessments, and Ofqual, England's exams regulator.

Dr Mary Bousted, joint general secretary of the National Education Union, said the Sats this week had been "a punishing experience for many pupils and staff".

She said that children who do not meet expected standards in results this year "will take this demotivating label with them into their secondary schools".

"This is not a system that is concerned about children and their learning. There are better ways of assessing pupils," she said.

A DfE spokesman said Key Stage 2 assessments "play a vital role in understanding pupils' progress and identifying those who may have fallen behind".

"Our test development process is extremely rigorous and includes reviews by a large number of education and inclusion experts and professionals, including teachers, and we trial tests with hundreds of pupils over several years to ensure that all tests are appropriate," he said.

"It's important that schools encourage pupils to do their best, but preparing for these exams should not be at the expense of their wellbeing."

Last year, 59% of Year 6 pupils met the expected levels in reading, writing and maths - down from 65% in 2019.

The national curriculum tests were cancelled in 2020 and 2021.

Ivan Brown (right) was travelling through India with friend David Linder when he died

A "dearly loved" former pub landlord died instantly after being electrocuted while on holiday in India, his family have said.

Ivan Brown, who ran pubs across Norwich, fell and grabbed a live electrical wire while taking a picture in the town of Dalhousie on Sunday.

His daughter Natalie Brown said his death would leave "a massive hole in everyone's life".

The family has been told police are investigating why the wire was live.

Mr Brown, 71, was six weeks into an eight-week trip with his friend David Linder at the time.

The pair had been sending photos and stories back to family and friends in the UK documenting the "fantastic time" they were having, Ms Brown said.

She told the BBC: "He was very into photography and he was taking a photo of the Himalayas and as he stepped backwards we think he fell, he grabbed a live wire beside him which shouldn't have been live.

"We've had information from police and the embassy of a few incidents at this place."

Mr Brown loved photography, travelling, golf and fishing, his family said

The father-of-three had been landlord of pubs including The Murderers, The Eagle and The Jubilee in Norwich. He and Mr Linder became friends when Mr Brown sold him The Eagle.

Ms Brown said: "He was a very well-known character around Norwich and loved by many.

"He helped many people in so many ways. It's a great loss to the whole of Norwich and as a family we are all distraught and devastated.

"And this should never have happened; he should be coming home to us. We loved him dearly".

She said travelling was a "huge passion" of Mr Brown's, and that he loved "anything adventurous".

He also loved fishing and golf, his family said.

His wife Jackie, Ms Brown and her siblings Doug and Danielle, have been inundated with hundreds of phone calls, visitors and messages from the local community and across the world, including South Africa, where the couple had a home.

"He was loved by everyone. He's left a massive hole in everyone's life; we haven't stopped having people come around," Ms Brown said.

A Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office spokesperson said: "We are supporting the family of a British man who has died in India and are in contact with the local authorities."

Local police have also been contacted for comment.

Mr Brown had been landlord of many pubs across Norwich including The Murderers in the city centre

Find BBC News: East of England on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. If you have a story suggestion email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Pittville Pump Room is the source of spa water for Cheltenham

Cheltenham faces losing its 300-year-old spa status after bacteria made its health-giving water unfit for drinking.

The public had already been unable to taste the mineral water at Pittville Pump Room since the pandemic ended, while the council and Cheltenham Trust installed a new water system.

However, this work has been suspended after bacteria were discovered.

Because of the problem council chiefs now fear it is unlikely to ever be fit for drinking again.

Cheltenham became known as a health and holiday spa town resort after the discovery of mineral springs in 1716, reports the Local Democracy Reporting Service.

Cheltenham Borough Council had been working with the trust to clean the water tank and system, ahead of installation of a new pump, originally in October 2021 but has still not taken place.

At the time, councillors hoped the water would be available for the public to try in January 2022 - but having found the bacteria they are trying to work out the source.

Max Wilkinson, cabinet member for economic development, culture, tourism and wellbeing, told a meeting: "If we find the source of the water is contaminated then my understanding is that it is unlikely that the water will ever be made fit for human consumption.

"If the source is not contaminated, then there may be scope to disinfect the system.

"However, the UV filters have been cleaned and replaced a number of times, and the system has been disinfected but bacteria were still present."

He explained an alternative option could be to replace the whole system but "clearly that would come at some cost to local taxpayers" and if the source was contaminated it would leave the water undrinkable anyway.

"For clarity, Cheltenham Borough Council is responsible for the building works that may arise and the repairs and maintenance of the system," he said.

"The Cheltenham Trust, which has responsibility for the testing of the spa water, has asked a specialist contractor to undertake a site visit within the next two weeks to review the system condition. That contractor has been asked to supply an options and costs proposal."

Follow BBC West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: bristol@bbc.co.uk
• None Cafe by heritage spa given 17 months before removal

Nationals from various countries arrived at Marka Military Airport in Amman early on Monday

A growing list of countries have evacuated diplomats and citizens from Sudan's capital as fierce fighting continues to rage in Khartoum.

The US and UK announced on Sunday they had flown diplomats out of the country.

France, Germany, Italy and Spain have also been evacuating diplomats and other nationals.

A vicious power struggle between the regular army and a powerful paramilitary force has led to violence across Sudan for more than a week.

US authorities said they had airlifted fewer than 100 people with three Chinook helicopters on Sunday morning in a "fast and clean" operation.

The US embassy in Khartoum is now closed, and a tweet on its official feed says it is not safe enough for the government to evacuate private US citizens.

The UK government managed to airlift British diplomats and their families out of the country in what was described as a "complex and rapid" operation. Foreign Minister James Cleverly said options to evacuate the remaining British nationals in Sudan were "severely limited".

More than 1,000 European Union citizens had been taken out of Sudan, according to an update from the EU's foreign policy chief on Monday morning.

Individual countries have given updates on their evacuation operations:

Earlier, more than 150 people - mostly citizens of Gulf countries, as well as Egypt, Pakistan and Canada - were evacuated by sea to the Saudi Arabian port of Jeddah.

Long lines of United Nations vehicles and buses were seen leaving Khartoum on Sunday, heading east towards Port Sudan on the Red Sea and carrying "citizens from all over the world", a Sierra Leonean evacuee told AFP news agency.

South African diplomat Clayson Monyela said ongoing fighting meant that all routes out of Khartoum were "risky and dangerous".

"The airport remains closed, the fighting continues," he told the BBC. "This is why we continue to call for a ceasefire to allow for a safe passage for those who want to get out and to allow for humanitarian aid."

There have been desperate calls for help from many foreign students - from Africa, Asia and the Middle East - who are also stuck in Khartoum, a city of some six million people.

A Nigerian student association in Sudan called on its government to conduct an "immediate rescue mission", saying many students had chosen to flee.

Meanwhile, internet monitoring group NetBlocks said Sudan was in the midst of an "internet blackout", with connectivity at 2% of ordinary levels, which could seriously hinder the coordination of help for those trapped in Khartoum and other cities.

The power struggle has seen heavy bombardment in the capital city, with hundreds killed and thousands more injured.

The near-constant shooting and bombing in Khartoum and elsewhere has cut electricity and safe access to food and water for much of the population.

Several ceasefires that had seemingly been agreed by both sides were ignored, including a three-day pause to mark the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Fitr, which started on Friday.

On Sunday, the US announced a disaster response team would be sent to the area to "coordinate the humanitarian response for those in need both within and outside of Sudan."

Samantha Power from the US Agency for International Development (USAID) said the team would work out of Kenya at first, and prioritise getting "life-saving humanitarian assistance to those who need it most."

The World Health Organization says the fighting has killed more than 400 people and injured thousands. But the death toll is believed to be much higher as people are struggling to get healthcare, as most of the city's hospitals have been forced to close by the fighting.

Along with Khartoum, the western region of Darfur - where the RSF first emerged - has also been badly affected by the fighting.

The UN has warned that up to 20,000 people - mostly women and children - have fled Sudan to seek safety in Chad, across the border from Darfur.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Are you are foreign citizen in Sudan? If it is safe to do so, share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Phillip Schofield left ITV last week, after he admitted lying about an affair with a young male colleague

ITV has asked a barrister to lead a review into its handling of a relationship between Phillip Schofield and his colleague.

The review was confirmed by chief executive Dame Carolyn McCall in a letter seen by the PA news agency.

The former This Morning presenter left the network last week after he admitted lying about the affair.

ITV previously said it had investigated in 2020, but that both parties repeatedly denied the relationship.

The network has now instructed a barrister to carry out an external review to "establish the facts".

Jane Mulcahy KC "will review our records and talk to people involved", Dame Carolyn said in the letter.

Schofield, 61, resigned from ITV on Friday and was dropped by his talent agency YMU after admitting to an "unwise but not illegal" affair with a younger male ITV employee.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Phillip Schofield spoke to the BBC's Amol Rajan about his affair

The letter from Dame Carolyn reads: "This work will also consider our relevant processes and policies and whether we need to change or strengthen any.

"Given Phillip's admission of the extent of his deception the work will extend to cover any related issues that may emerge. This work will be carried out as quickly as possible and we will be happy to share the outcome."

The letter was addressed to Culture Secretary Lucy Frazer, Digital, Culture, Media and Sport (DCMS) Committee chair Dame Caroline Dinenage, and Ofcom chief executive Dame Melanie Dawes.

The letter mentions the "significant media coverage concerning Phillip Schofield" and adds: "As you would expect we take the matter extremely seriously and have reviewed our own records over the weekend."

The broadcast network reiterated that it investigated rumours of a relationship in 2020, but "did not find any evidence of a relationship beyond hearsay and rumour".

Phillip Schofield presented This Morning opposite Holly Willoughby until his exit last week

"Given the ongoing rumours, we continued to ask questions of both parties, who both continued to deny the rumours, including as recently as this month," the letter added.

Dame Carolyn said there had been "a lot of inaccuracy" in reporting, adding the former employee Schofield admitted to an affair with had been offered support by the broadcaster.

She said: "The ITV employee was aged 19 when he first did work experience at This Morning... and 20 years old when he applied and succeeded in securing a job as a runner on the show."

"As you would imagine given the social media scrutiny of him, we have offered him our support throughout this period and indeed are still doing so," the letter continued.

ITV bosses, including Dame Carolyn, are set to face MPs on the Commons DCMS Committee on Tuesday to discuss reforms to the laws governing public broadcasting, and Dame Carolyn has also been asked to face questions from MPs at a session of the committee on 14 June.

MP John Nicolson, a former BBC journalist who sits on the committee and is also the SNP's culture spokesman, said on Twitter that recent events at ITV were a "cause for concern" and that he was looking forward to "getting some answers" from ITV bosses.

Schofield was dropped as an ambassador for the Prince's Trust earlier this week

Schofield left his role on This Morning following reports of a rift with his co-star Holly Willoughby.

Days later, he confirmed he had had a relationship with a younger male employee, which took place while Schofield was still married to his wife Stephanie Lowe.

Schofield apologised for lying to his colleagues, the media and his friends and family about the affair, and left ITV with immediate effect.

Earlier this week, the Prince's Trust announced it was dropping Schofield as an ambassador following the controversy.

The charity, founded by the King, said it was "no longer appropriate" for it to work with the presenter.

Schofield's exit from ITV means he will no longer present the British Soap Awards this weekend. They will now be hosted by singer and presenter Jane McDonald.

He will also not front a new prime-time series which the network said last week they were developing with him.

Dr Ranj Singh, who used to work on This Morning, alleged there was a toxic environment on the show

The show's former resident doctor, Dr Ranj Singh, previously criticised the show's "toxic" culture, saying he raised concerns about "bullying and discrimination" two years ago when he worked there.

In its latest letter, ITV said that an external review conducted following a complaint made by Dr Ranj found "no evidence of bullying or discrimination".

"We were sorry to read his statement," the letter said. "We are fully committed to providing every opportunity for anyone who works with us to raise any concern or comments they may have.

"Following a complaint made by Dr Ranj, we appointed an external and independent adviser to carry out a review. This external review found no evidence of bullying or discrimination."

Like many performers, comedian Robin Grainger hoped that the Edinburgh Fringe might be a springboard to stardom.

That may have looked unlikely when he only sold a single ticket for his show last year - but his decision to go ahead with the gig changed the course of his career.

Robin knew the show must go on, so he went out on stage and brought a whole new meaning to the term one-man show.

What happened next was the stuff of Fringe folklore.

Robin, from Portsoy in Aberdeenshire, gave it his all - and by chance comedy reviewer Kate Copstick was waiting outside to watch the next performer.

Commenting to a staff member that the gig sounded like it was going well, she was told there was one person in the audience. She was so impressed that Robin had gone ahead with the show that she tweeted about it.

When BBC Scotland News picked up on the story, the tale went viral and before he knew it, Robin was a festival legend.

"It went mad," Robin said. "The story went all over the world. I did 60 to 70 media interviews - 50 of them in the first week.

"And I sold out my Fringe shows.

"Off the back of that I went on a mini tour of the UK last year."

Robin ended up doing a mini tour on the back of his Fringe success last year

And - he said - "weird stuff" started to happen.

"Companies sent me clothes for free. And people sent me pictures of newspaper articles about me in Germany.

"Someone - a nurse - drew a portrait of me. And people would ask me for selfies.

"When I was doing a show in Newcastle a man was almost hit by a car running across the road to get a selfie - it's still baffling to me.

"Even now, every couple of days someone will still message me saying they heard of what happened. From places like Australia and Portugal."

He was even the subject of BBC Radio's Good Morning Scotland programme's Thought For The Day slot.

Robin is back at this year's Fringe. He is higher up the bill and has already sold 100 times the number of tickets he shifted for that first gig of his run last year.

His fan base is building - and includes the solitary man who came to see that show in 2022.

Robin now counts radio executive Mike Cass as a friend, and he even features on the flyer of his 2023 show.

Mike travelled to Edinburgh to star in the flyer image for Robin's new show

"An audient with Robin Grainger" throws back to Kate Copstick's review, where she called Mike the "audient" - which means hearer, the singular term for an audience.

Robin said: "I had the idea to get the biggest venue I could and have one person sat in the audience for the photo.

"The Playhouse let us use it and Mike agreed to travel up from Leicester just to have the photo taken in an empty Playhouse.

"He also surprised me on the last day of the tour, sneaking in to the back of the room.

"I asked him why he didn't heckle me and his comeback was: 'I wanted to see what the show was like with an audience'."

The events of last August have inspired more than the new show's title.

Robin talks about what transpired at The Stand 2 in Edinburgh but the main theme of the show is overcoming fear.

He told BBC Scotland: "Last year I conquered the biggest fear as a comedian - not having an audience.

"I think I am a lot less scared of things now that I am not scared of a single-person gig any more.

"Now the routine is about conquering other fears. If you can get over that you can get over bigger things.

"I look at body image, feeling awkward, school days, mortality and grief.

"So far it has really connected with people - even the darker bits. I was worried about speaking about things like that but it has been well received because I think there is more relief when you can have a chuckle."

Robin Grainger and his "audient" Mike Cass bonded after the show

Robin's new fans include comedians Chris Ramsay, and Kevin Bridges and Iain Stirling both recommended the show on social media.

He can't believe he has sold tickets before the Fringe has even started.

And while he may not be expecting to perform for one person, he still hopes he will get a boost from the run.

"I'm proud of this show. I'd love to do a wee tour after it. I'll just continue to try to build my audience and perform to as many people as possible."

Kate Copstick told BBC Scotland she was glad Robin used the platform he was given.

"I genuinely love it when I can help the unknown people, the weirdos, the risky guys," she said.

"We need to keep comedy crazy and wonderful and personal. Find another name for the corporate, industrialised, stuff.

"If Robin ever goes there, I will hunt him down and hurt him. And there is the title for that show, should he ever appear in the Edinburgh International Conference Centre."

Alex Belfield was jailed for five and a half years for stalking four people, including Jeremy Vine

A former BBC radio presenter in jail for stalking has been banned from contacting two more people.

Alex Belfield, 43, who is serving a five-and-a-half year sentence for harassing four people online, including broadcaster Jeremy Vine, was made the subject of a stalking protection order.

He is banned from attempting to contact Greg Scott, a man he sent a tweet to, and his wife Karen.

He may also not publish, or attempt to, material relating to them.

Belfield, originally from Mapperley in Nottingham, appeared before Nottingham Magistrates' Court via video link from HMP Stocken, Rutland.

He was charged with stalking eight different people, who were mostly current or former BBC staff.

He was convicted of stalking BBC Radio Northampton presenter Bernard Spedding, known as Bernie Keith, and videographer Ben Hewis.

In relation to Vine and theatre blogger Philip Dehany, Belfield was found guilty of two lesser offences of "simple" stalking, which does not require serious alarm or distress to be proved.

Belfield was found not guilty of stalking Rozina Breen, Liz Green, Helen Thomas and Stephanie Hirst.

Vine told BBC Two's Newsnight that Belfield had taken him to a "really unhealthy place"

Neither Mr or Ms Scott were involved in the trial, in which Vine labelled Belfield "the Jimmy Savile of trolling" as the court heard he repeatedly posted or sent abusive messages, videos and emails.

It is not clear how Belfield first came into contact with the couple.

Addressing the court, Belfield said: "I have never met, gone near or ever contacted Karen Scott or done anything other than replying to Greg Scott. I just want to make that clear."

District judge Sunil Khanna said he was satisfied there was a need for the order to protect from stalking - and warned Belfield he could face further jail time if he breached it.

Belfield was a presenter at BBC Radio Leeds before running his own YouTube channel

He also made an order requiring Belfield to pay costs after barrister Christopher Pembridge said the case, which has been going on for three years, had cost police £20,000.

Mr Pembridge said it would be "unjust" for Belfield to pay the full costs, but asked the judge to consider an appropriate amount.

David Aubrey KC, representing Belfield, said his client should not shoulder substantial costs as his ability to work following his release from prison would be limited.

"[Belfield] is in prison and on the question of his earning capacity when he comes out of prison, there could be restrictions on what work he could do," he said.

"It is very much up in the air and will depend on what happens upon his release eventually."

Belfield made videos throughout his trial and posted them on YouTube

At Belfield's sentencing in September, the judge made restraining orders in relation to all of the complainants, including those he was not convicted of stalking.

Det Con Janet Percival, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "It's been a long hard slog, but we've now managed to secure these significant orders which will provide peace of mind for these two victims who were caused genuine alarm and distress by Belfield.

"I understand that people can be reluctant to contact us - sometimes because they aren't sure that what's happening is serious enough to warrant police action, and sometimes because they feel we won't be able to help - but I can assure them that we will take their reports seriously and we will do whatever we can to help and protect them."

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The New York Campus opened in September 2013

A Scottish university that became the first in the UK to open a campus in New York is to end the arrangement.

Glasgow Caledonian University (GCU) launched GCNYC in September 2013 but it struggled to attract students and was unable to award degrees until nearly four years after it opened.

GCU said the campus had "not reached its potential" and that the university would look to exit New York.

The project was given £26.5m in loans and grants from the university.

Critics have dubbed the campus a "white elephant" and there have been calls for an inquiry into what went wrong.

A statement from GCU said: "Despite the significant efforts of many staff in the UK and New York in building highly regarded academic programmes, GCNYC has to date not reached its potential.

"Following a discussion at the university court in February, it was agreed that the university would actively seek a partnership with another educational organisation, with a view to the partner ultimately acquiring GCNYC.

"Whilst a partnership is our preferred option for the college, in the event a partnership cannot be established, we will initiate a process to exit from New York."

GCU said it was in talks with "prestigious educational organisations" about partnering in New York and as a result has paused all new student admissions.

GCU's latest accounts show that £23.1m of a loan agreement with GCNYC has been drawn down to date.

In addition, a grant award of £3.4m was made to GCNYC by the university in 2021/22.

The New York campus was formally opened in April 2014 by the then first minister, Alex Salmond, and has attracted a number of high profile speakers and seminars.

When Mr Salmond's replacement, Nicola Sturgeon, visited in June 2015, she described the campus as an "absolutely fantastic development" and praised the "foresight" of university leaders.

The three-year delay in being able to issue degree certificates came because of delays in gaining a licence to do so from the New York authorities.

Labour MSP Jackie Baillie said: "This is an ignominious end to a vanity project encouraged by the SNP government.

"At a time when university staff have felt forced to take industrial action, it is simply unfathomable that this white elephant was still going.

"This is a welcome end to an expensive and doomed project that should go down in history as a guide in how not to run a project of this nature."
• None US campus has no degree students

The inaugural Deaf Arts Festival takes place in Belfast before touring across Northern Ireland

An actress from County Armagh has said she wants to be a role model for deaf and hard-of-hearing people who are interested in the performing arts.

Paula Clarke, who has been acting for more than 20 years, was born deaf and grew up fluent in sign language.

"I want to show everybody that deaf actors like myself have the skills, the experience and that professional ability to perform well," she said.

She was speaking ahead of a performance at the inaugural Deaf Arts NI Festival.

The event, at the MAC in Belfast, is unique in that it caters to both deaf and hearing audiences.

Two productions this weekend will incorporate hearing and deaf actors performing for an inclusive audience, using a mixture of speech, sign language and interpretation.

"This has never happened," said Paula, who is also a sign language interpreter for BBC Newsline. "It's so important for hearing and deaf actors, and society in general, to work together.

"This is like my dream come true. I have been waiting for such a long time and now we've done it and I'm so excited, I'm thrilled."

Paula Clarke plays a lead role in Expecting at this year's Deaf Arts Festival

Paula said she has been interested in drama from an early age by dressing up, looking in the mirror and "trying to imagine myself as a different character".

"I would try on make-up and I would ask my mum to photograph me... I'm an only child, so that's why I kind of enjoyed playing alone creatively."

Her interest in the performing arts extended to college where she joined an acting course, working with hearing actors, something that was "slow to start" but has became easier over the years as she worked across multiple productions.

"I see so much progress that has been made; people are becoming more aware of sign language and the need for inclusivity," she said.

"It's so important in the arts to include people from all different backgrounds, people who are from different communities - that could be with different disabilities, neurodiversity, LGBTQ community - because there are barriers there.

"We want to invite other people who are involved in other performance companies to come to see that deaf actors can do it, can provide a high quality of performance.

"I want to be a role model for other deaf people who are interested in performing as well to show that they can do it."

Communication is key, according to Paula, and this goes far beyond verbal speech.

She said relationships can be built through gesture, eye contact, visual descriptions and note taking.

"It's actually a line in the play - communication is a feeling - and that's so important because it's impossible to rely on interpreters for communication all the time because interpreters aren't available 24/7."

Sarah and Stephen said they have jumped "head first" into the inaugural Deaf Arts NI festival

Deaf Arts Northern Ireland, which has been launched to coincide with Deaf Awareness Week, was co-founded by Sara Lyle from Cre8 Theatre in Belfast and Stephen Kelly from c21 Theatre Company in Newtownabbey.

They made the decision to collaborate on the project after applying for specialist funding from the Arts Council of Northern Ireland.

"It's been a massive undertaking and a really big steep learning curve for the both of us," said Sarah.

Both company directors "jumped head first" into learning British Sign Language last year and have spent considerable time on research and development ahead of the festival.

"Incorporating ourselves into that environment has been amazing. We can communicate on a basic level in the rehearsal room and that's key," said Stephen.

"We just put two feet in and went for it, connecting with interpreters from across Northern Ireland.

"I think this a different mode for them but they are generally super excited to see this amount of access going on," Sarah added.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Last year's best picture Oscar win for Coda - which stands for Children of Deaf Adults - was a victory for a low-budget, independent film that has been praised for its representation of a deaf family, and for its casting of deaf actors.

"Isn't it about time? It should have been happening ages ago," said Sarah.

Stephen said he was inspired to bring inclusivity to the forefront after seeing the huge impact made by such larger productions.

"I think that prompted me, certainly," he said. "We're in a position to make an impact through the medium of drama."

Cre8 actors rehearsing their play Sleeping Beauty ahead of the festival

The festival has been made possible with additional support from the Halifax Foundation and Belfast City Council's Arts and Heritage Fund.

After a weekend run in Belfast both productions will embark on a tour across Northern Ireland.

Further ahead, c21 Theatre Company has been invited to perform as part of this year's hearing-impaired offerings at the Fringe Festival in Edinburgh.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch the moment sirens start on phones across the UK

Smartphones which did not receive a nationwide emergency alert test will be part of a review into the trial of the alarm.

While millions of people across the UK heard an alarm on their phones at 15:00 BST on Sunday, many others did not.

The government was testing an alert that could be used to warn about dangerous situations including fires, flooding or terror attacks.

The alarm lasted for around 10 seconds on 4G and 5G devices.

Many people on social media reported the alert went off one minute earlier or later than planned, when a loud, buzzing alarm rang out and the words "severe alert" flashed up on their phones' screens.

And some said they did not receive the alert at all.

Twitter user Lucy wrote: "Kind of disappointed to not get one."

Another tweeted: "15:30 and still waiting for my national alert to warn me of impending doom."

While a third said: "I did not turn off alerts but I never got the text or the noise alert!"

A Cabinet Office spokesperson acknowledged that the alert did not reach some mobile phones, adding it "will be looking at this as part of our review of the test".

The department also said engineers had spotted a trend of phone functions failing to work afterwards, adding that officials were in the early stages of analysing the results of the trial run.

Many users of the Three mobile network said they did not receive the alert.

A spokesperson for the company later said it was"aware that a number of customers have not received the test alert. We're working closely with the government to understand why and ensure it doesn't happen when the system is in use".

Andrew Hamilton, a member of the UK Youth Parliament for North Down, who is also blind, called the alert "inaccessible".

He told BBC News: "I use a screen reader but because of the alert sound, the screen reader couldn't tell me what the alert was about."

The government had previously advised that those with 2G or 3G devices would not get the alert, along with phones that were off or in aeroplane mode.

People were further advised to ensure their phones had all the latest software updates, including iPhones running iOS 14.5 or later and Android phones and tablets running Android 11 or later.

In Wales, the alert included a translation error as the words "others safe" appeared in the message as "eraill yn Vogel" rather than "eraill yn ddiogel" in Welsh.

"Vogel" does not mean anything in Welsh, as there is no letter V in its alphabet - although Vogel is a ski resort in Slovenia.

People who do not wish to receive future alerts can opt out using their device settings.

Deputy prime minister Oliver Dowden warned beforehand that the alarm would be "a bit inconvenient and annoying", as well as "irritating".

Fans check their phones for the emergency alert during the Betfred Super League match at the DW Stadium, Wigan

However, he added it "could be the sound that saves your life" in the future.

Mr Dowden also denied criticism the alert was an example of nanny statism as he appeared on the BBC's Sunday with Laura Kuenssberg programme.

He said: "If you look at countries around the world, whether it is the United States, Canada, Japan and elsewhere, they have emergency alerts on phones as another tool in the toolkit of keeping people alerted during an emergency."

Drivers were warned not to pick up their mobile phones during the test as it would still be illegal.

Drivers caught holding a phone behind the wheel face six penalty points and a £200 fine.

Meanwhile, the National Centre for Domestic Violence warned people with hidden mobile phones to turn off the alerts to avoid revealing the location of any secret devices.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch UK alert go off (again, or if you missed it)

While the alert is intended to be used in emergencies in the future, some took to social media to poke fun at people who were surprised to see the alert flash up and hear the siren sounding on their phone.

Love Island star Jessie Wynter posted a video on TikTok of fellow contestant Will Young appearing perplexed and asking friends, "what does that mean?"

A search and rescue operation is launched in the English Channel

A man has been charged with manslaughter following the deaths of four people as they attempted to cross the English Channel in a small boat.

Ibrahima Bah has been charged in connection with the deaths on 14 December, which happened when 39 people were safely brought to shore.

Mr Bah, 19, of no fixed address, is accused of four counts of manslaughter.

He was previously charged with facilitating attempted illegal entry into the UK.

Kent Police said officers were continuing their work to establish the identity of the four who died and locate their next-of-kin.

Mr Bah is due before magistrates on Thursday to face the manslaughter charges.

A Kent Police spokesman said: "In the early hours of 14 December 2022, Kent Police was called to Dover to assist HM Coastguard following a report received of a small boat in distress in the water.

"A multi-agency search and rescue operation was carried out, resulting in 39 people being safely brought to shore. Four other people were pronounced deceased."

Follow BBC South East on Facebook, on Twitter, and on Instagram. Send your story ideas to southeasttoday@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Chancellor Jeremy Hunt has unveiled the contents of his first Budget in the House of Commons.

It had a focus on prompting those who have left their jobs to return to the workforce, and boosting business investment.

Here is a summary of the main announcements.
• None Free childcare plan: 'Why do we have to wait?'

During the trial, jurors heard Paris Mayo was used to being around children and had trained in childcare

A 19-year-old who murdered her newborn son hours after giving birth has been jailed for at least 12 years.

A trial heard Paris Mayo, then 15, suffocated the boy, Stanley, by stuffing cotton wool into his throat.

Mayo delivered him alone at her family home in Ross-on-Wye, in March 2019, while her parents were upstairs.

"Killing your baby son was a truly dreadful thing to do," said the judge, Mr Justice Garnham, passing a life sentence.

The trial heard she had assaulted Stanley, leaving him with injuries comparable to those seen in a car crash.

"How you did this is not clear, but I suspect you crushed his head, probably beneath your foot," the judge told Mayo.

Her initial assault caused him "serious damage", but did not kill him, the judge added.

"He remained alive and continued to breathe for at least an hour. You decided you had to finish Stanley off by stuffing cotton wool balls into his throat."

The newborn was found by Mayo's mother the day after his birth, dumped in a bin bag left on the doorstep.

It was she who alerted emergency services in an emotional 999 call played to the jury.

Mayo gave birth alone at the family home on 23 March 2019, leaving her frightened and traumatised, the judge said

Mayo had claimed she did not know she was pregnant, also telling the court of her difficult family life and her father who had made her feel "worthless".

In her testimony, she described how she started having sex at 13 and used it as a way to get people to like her, because she was "insecure" due to her family situation.

The court heard her father Patrick Mayo - who died 10 days after Stanley - had been upstairs on dialysis treatment with Mayo's mother at the time of the birth.

"You went through the process of giving birth without the assistance of a midwife, a doctor, a friend or a relative. I find as a fact that you were frightened and traumatised by those events.," Mr Justice Garnham said during sentencing.

"Astonishingly, despite the pain you must have endured, it seems you did not cry out, so anxious were you not to disturb your parents sleeping upstairs."

Defence barrister Bernard Richmond KC described Mayo as a "pathetic and vulnerable individual" who had not been supported by people around her.

"When faced with a decision she had to make, she did not face up to it. By the time she had to, the decision she made was woefully, woefully wrong," he said.

"This will, in every sense of the word, be a life sentence. It will be a lonely, isolating and frightening time for her."

The jury were given the option to consider an alternative verdict of infanticide if they believed she killed Stanley while the balance of her mind was disturbed.

However, Mayo, of Ruardean in Gloucestershire, cried in the dock on Friday as jurors delivered a majority guilty verdict on the charge of murder.

Mayo's trial was told she had a difficult family life and started having sex at 13 so people would like her

During summing up Mr Justice Garnham rejected the suggestion the murder was committed "with significant pre-planning".

He added that Mayo had not spent her time covering up her pregnancy, but in March 2019 had found herself "facing a reality you had spent nine months telling yourself could not be true".

However, he said the combination of a two-stone weight gain and the lack of periods for eight months meant she "must have known" she was pregnant and "rapidly approaching your time for giving birth".

Despite that, the judge said Mayo "told no one, and sought no help".

"You did not even tell your mother who you accepted in court would, at least after the initial shock, have been supportive," he said.

"I find as a fact that almost as soon as Stanley was born, you had decided you could not allow him to live."

The judge also used his sentencing remarks to criticise a prosecution expert witness, describing forensic psychiatrist Dr Duncan Harding's "inflexibility of thinking" while giving evidence as "unhelpful".

"He had told the police that you ought to be prosecuted, a surprising opinion for an expert called to give evidence on a defendant's mental state to express," Mr justice Garnham said.

It was apparent he had a "clear and unshakeable view on your culpability from the time of his very first meeting with you."

A spokesperson for the Crown Prosecution Service said the case had been both "tragic and complex".

Stanley's "short life was filled with pain and suffering when he should have been nurtured and loved".

"[Mayo] chose to hide her pregnancy, give birth alone and kill her baby, then hide his body, despite accepting that she had a family who would have supported her."

If you have been affected by the issues raised in this article, help and support is available via BBC Action Line.

Follow BBC West Midlands on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: newsonline.westmidlands@bbc.co.uk

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The fathers of two university students killed in attacks in Nottingham have paid emotional tributes to them in a vigil attended by thousands of people.

Barnaby Webber and Grace O'Malley-Kumar, both 19, were killed in the early hours of Tuesday, along with school caretaker Ian Coates, 65.

A 31-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murder and remains in custody.

The vigil was held at the University of Nottingham, where the students studied.

Neither of the fathers were expected to speak, but they took to the podium at the end despite being overcome with grief.

Ian Coates, Barnaby Webber and Grace O'Malley-Kumar were all killed

Speaking to the crowds of people, Ms O'Malley-Kumar's father Sanjoy told the students to look after each other.

"Grace and her friend, they fell together, and you just need to be friends with everyone. You need to love everyone and I wish we had more of it," he said.

"She loved being here and she loved all of you. She really did and you should all feel very blessed."

His said his daughter had been "so full of her stories and things that she said about all of you, and you've all touched her life. And hence ours".

"You'll never be forgotten by us, certainly. We have children who were taken away prematurely from us, that should never happen to any parent," he said.

Barnaby Webber's father and Grace O'Malley-Kumar's mother supported each other at the vigil

Speaking through tears, Mr Webber's father David told the crowd: "I'm lost for words, I've lost my baby boy. I cannot comprehend how I am going to deal with it.

"Myself and Emma and Charlie and his family and friends... I know Barney would be super-touched by everyone that's here.

"He loved it here. He couldn't wait to come back. It drove me mad. His heart will be with you guys forever and thank you so much. I really can't talk much more."

Another vigil is due to be held in Nottingham's Old Market Square on Thursday from 17:30 BST, followed by a minute's silence, the city council has announced.

The attacks began with the fatal stabbing of Mr Webber and Ms O'Malley-Kumar in Ilkeston Road, with police receiving a call at 04:04 on Tuesday.

It is believed the suspect then tried to enter a supported living complex in Mapperley Road, around two miles (3.2km) from the scene of the first attack, but was prevented from getting in.

CCTV footage seen by the BBC shows a figure in a black hoodie being pushed away from a window and then confronted, before walking off.

Police officers believe Mr Coates - who was found dead from knife injuries in nearby Magdala Road - was then attacked, with his van being stolen and used to hit pedestrians in Milton Street, leaving one critically injured.

The suspect was Tasered by officers before being arrested.

In a statement on Wednesday, Nottinghamshire Police said the force had not received any calls about the suspect prior to the first attack.

The families of the students held hands as thousands of people paid their respects

The vigil here on a sweltering day in the middle of the University of Nottingham campus was filled with raw emotion. Everyone seemed to either be in tears or on the verge of them.

The most affecting moment was an unplanned one: David Webber and Sanjoy Kumar, the fathers of the two students who were killed just the day before, took to the podium at the end to address the huge crowd of mourning students.

The university was not expecting them to speak. Despite being stricken with grief, they both talked about their children with eloquence and empathy, in a moment that those who witnessed it are unlikely to forget.

Grace O'Malley-Kumar's father (right) and Barnaby Webber's parents embraced each other during the vigil

Flowers were laid for the students, who were killed as they walked home after a night out.

Mr Webber read history at the university and Ms O'Malley-Kumar studied medicine.

In a moving speech, student union community officer Daisy Forster told the families the city's students would support them, adding "we will always be here when you need us".

The Reverend Grant Walton, from the university chaplaincy, described the deaths as "one of those moments which we hoped we'd never encounter" while the university's vice-chancellor, Professor Shearer West, said the lives of the victims had been "curtailed" by a "seemingly random" act of violence.

Both students were keen and talented sportspeople and their university team-mates, wearing sports kit, were among the crowd assembled to remember them.

Mr Webber, of Taunton, Somerset, played hockey, rugby and cricket and Ms O'Malley-Kumar played hockey and cricket.

Prof Shearer West told the crowd: "What should have been a time of celebration and relaxation following the exam period has become a time to mourn tragic loss in the most unimaginable of circumstances."

She said the university was supporting both students' families, adding support was available to any students or colleagues affected by the tragedy.

The university and communities across Nottingham had come together in "grief and remembrance of two much-loved students", she added.

Vice-chancellor, Professor Shearer West, said the university was "in a state of shock"

Mr Coates, whose sons had earlier left tributes at the scene of his death, was also remembered at the event.

While visiting the scene where Mr Coates was found fatally stabbed, Lee and James Coates said their dad was due to retire in four months.

"He used to take under-privileged kids fishing just to get away from crime. You genuinely couldn't find a nicer guy," Lee said.

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Media tycoon Rupert Murdoch has announced his engagement to his partner Ann Lesley Smith, a former police chaplain.

Mr Murdoch, 92, and Ms Smith, 66, met in September at an event at his vineyard in California.

The businessman told the New York Post, one of his own publications: "I dreaded falling in love - but I knew this would be my last. It better be. I'm happy."

He split with fourth wife Jerry Hall last year.

Mr Murdoch added that he proposed to Ms Smith on St Patrick's Day, noting that he was "one fourth Irish" and had been "very nervous".

Ms Smith's late husband was Chester Smith, a country singer and radio and TV executive.

"For us both it's a gift from God. We met last September," she told the New York Post.

"I'm a widow of 14 years. Like Rupert, my husband was a businessman... so I speak Rupert's language. We share the same beliefs."

Mr Murdoch, who has six children from his first three marriages, added: "We're both looking forward to spending the second half of our lives together."

The wedding will take place in late summer and the couple will spend their time between California, Montana, New York and the UK.

Mr Murdoch was previously married to Australian flight attendant Patricia Booker, Scottish-born journalist Anna Mann, and Chinese-born entrepreneur Wendi Deng.

Mr Murdoch attended the Super Bowl recently with daughter Elisabeth Murdoch (left) and Ann Lesley Smith (right)

The coronation postbox - one of four in the UK - was plastered in pro-Welsh independence stickers

Welsh independence and republican stickers were plastered on a coronation postbox just hours after it was unveiled.

The Royal Mail postbox in Cardiff is one of four in the UK to be repainted to mark Saturday's coronation.

It has drawn criticism for its location - outside the Owain Glyndwr pub - named after the last native Welsh person to hold the title Prince of Wales.

The stickers have since been removed.

On Wednesday afternoon, stickers from pro-independence campaign group, CPD Cefn Hengoed Gweriniaeth Cymru (Republic of Wales), covered the words "Charles" and "Coronation" on the postbox.

During the night more stickers appeared on the box, with Yes Cymru, Wrexham Lager and Welsh Football Fans for Independence stickers placed to cover the coronation emblem.

The stickers, some of which featured expletives, covered parts of the postbox

Cardiff will be the centre of Wales' coronation celebrations on the weekend, with one public screening of the ceremony being held at Cardiff Castle and another of the subsequent concert taking place at Roald Dahl Plass.

The concert will feature opera singer Sir Bryn Terfel performing in Welsh, in addition to an appearance from Sir Tom Jones.

A "Not My King" protest will also take place on the city's streets, with people expected to gather by the statue of Aneurin Bevan on Queen Street from 12:30 BST before a march takes place.

It will be followed by a "big republican lunch" in Bute Park - a play on the name of the Big Coronation Lunches that communities have been encouraged to hold to mark the occasion.

Groups have been warned that under new laws to curb protests, which came into force on Wednesday, anyone found disrupting infrastructure such as roads, airports and railways will be dealt with swiftly and could face 12 months behind bars.

The Senedd's presiding officer Elin Jones has announced that she has turned down an invitation to attend the coronation alongside First Minister Mark Drakeford.

The Plaid Cymru Member of the Senedd said on Thursday: "As a republican, I consider it is for others to celebrate a coronation."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: 'I didn't see what happened' says Victor Wembanyama

Britney Spears accidentally hit herself in the face as she was blocked by security while approaching a basketball star, Las Vegas police say.

Victor Wembanyama's guard, who the pop star alleged struck her during Wednesday's encounter, will not face charges, police said in a statement.

Spears said she was "backhanded in the face" by the man, calling the incident a "traumatic experience".

A copy of the police report summarising their investigation, obtained by the BBC, says: "Detectives and I were able to review surveillance footage of the event which showed Britney going to tap the Spurs player on the shoulder.

"When she touched the player [the security guard] pushes her hand off the player without looking which causes Britney's hand to hit herself in the face."

Las Vegas police also confirmed they had concluded their investigation into the alleged battery at the Aria hotel.

Video shared by TMZ shows a man block Spears as she reaches out to tap Wembanyama on the shoulder as he walks through a casino complex. Spears recoils, as she appears to hit herself.

Wembanyama has said he "didn't see what happened", but that someone was pushed.

The 19-year-old NBA top draft pick was in Las Vegas ahead of his first Summer League game when he visited a restaurant at the Aria, on South Las Vegas Boulevard, where Spears said she spotted him.

"I decided to approach him and congratulate him on his success. It was really loud, so I tapped him on the shoulder to get his attention," she said.

Spears alleged that a security guard protecting Wembanyama struck her in the face with the back of his hand, causing her glasses to fall off as she nearly fell to the ground.

The singer said she had seen Wembanyama's account of the incident, which prompted her to share her own.

The French sports star told a local news reporter: "I couldn't stop. That person was calling me, 'Sir, sir,' and that person grabbed me from behind.

"I didn't see what happened because I was walking straight and didn't stop. That person grabbed me from behind - not on my shoulder, she grabbed me from behind.

"I just know the security pushed her away. I don't know with how much force but security pushed her away. I didn't stop to look so I could walk in and enjoy a nice dinner."

Spears said she wanted "to urge people in the public eye to set an example" and thanked the Las Vegas Police Department for its support.

Sam Asghari, husband to Spears, said he hopes the security guard "changes his disregard for women"

Mr Asghari, 29, came to her defence on social media, writing: "I hope the man in question learns a lesson and changes his disregard for women."

In 2021, Spears was released from a controversial 13-year conservatorship which gave her father, Jamie Spears, sweeping control over her life.

The form of legal guardianship held power over her finances and career decisions plus major personal matters, such as her visits to her teenage sons and whether she could get remarried.

Steven Spoel said: "This is one of five very cute fox cubs that live in our garden in Edinburgh. I particularly like the 'up-to-no-good' look this cub had just before it jumped its sibling."

China represents the "largest state-based threat" to Britain's economic security, Deputy Prime Minister Oliver Dowden has told the BBC.

It comes as figures show the government intervened in eight attempted takeovers of UK firms by Chinese buyers last year over national security fears.

That was more than any other country, but UK and US deals were also targeted.

Mr Dowden said the decisions were "country agnostic" but he was "clear-eyed" about UK national security.

"I'm very clear that I do not want us to decouple from China, I don't think it's in our interest," he said.

"But at the same time, we have to be clear-eyed about protecting our national security, just in the same way that the Chinese are."

Under the National Security and Investment Act 2021, the government has the power to block or impose remedies on investments deemed to pose a national security risk.

In a report, the Cabinet Office said it had received 866 notifications about potential breaches in the last financial year, relating to areas such as defence, energy, advanced materials and communications.

Of these it chose to "call in" 65 for further assessment - 42% of which involved acquirers associated with China, 32% with the UK, and 20% with the US.

The Cabinet Office approved most of these deals but issued "final orders" in 15 cases, blocking, unwinding or imposing conditions on the deals to protect national security.

It said eight of these final orders involved acquirers associated with China, four with the UK, and three with the US.

Asked why Chinese deals were disproportionately targeted, Mr Dowden said: "The first [reason] is China is just a very big investor, globally. And the second is, as we set out in our national security review, China represents the largest state-based threat to economic security.

"So it's not a surprise that we should look carefully at Chinese transactions. But equally, we look across the board."

Chinese firms have been targeted by regulators around the world in the last few years amid concerns that the Chinese state might use them for spying purposes.

Prominent examples include telecoms giant Huawei, which was banned in 2020 from the UK's 5G mobile networks - a decision mirrored by other countries.

Last year, Chinese-owned social media app TikTok was banned on UK government devices as part of a security review.

In the report, Mr Dowden said the National Security and Investment Act was meant to be "light touch", incentivising investment in the UK, while also protecting national security "in an increasingly volatile world".

He told the BBC that by blocking or imposing remedies on deals, foreign investors would have more confidence to invest in Britain "because they know it's safe".

"But at the same time, we cannot find ourselves in a situation where we totally decouple from an economy like China's, it's not in our national interest in terms of jobs and prosperity," he said.

"What we have to do is de-risk that engagement. And that is precisely what this kind of legislation enables us to do."

CCTV appears to show the suspect trying to get into a homeless shelter

CCTV footage has emerged that shows a man said to be the suspect in the fatal Nottingham attacks.

Students Barnaby Webber and Grace O'Malley-Kumar, and school caretaker Ian Coates, were stabbed to death in the city in the early hours of Tuesday.

Three others were injured when a stolen van was driven into pedestrians.

Inquiries revealed a man matching the suspect's description tried to get into a homeless hostel - an incident not reported to police at the time.

Ian Coates, Barnaby Webber and Grace O'Malley-Kumar died at the scene of the attacks

University of Nottingham students Mr Webber and Ms O'Malley-Kumar, both 19, were attacked with a knife in Ilkeston Road, with police receiving a call at 04:04 BST.

In an update on the sequence of events, Nottinghamshire Police said investigations had found a man matching the suspect's description had attempted to get into a supporting living complex in Mapperley Road, but had been denied entry.

CCTV footage seen by the BBC shows a figure in a black hoodie being pushed away from a window and then confronted, before walking off.

The force believes the suspect then attacked 65-year-old Mr Coates - who was found dead from knife injuries in Magdala Road - and stole his van, which was then used to hit pedestrians in Milton Street, leaving one critically injured.

A 31-year-old man was Tasered by officers before being arrested on suspicion of murder.

East Midlands Ambulance Service NHS Trust (EMAS) has given more details of its involvement in the emergency.

A spokesman said it received an initial call to Ilkeston Road at 04:05, then a second call at 05:25 to Milton Street.

It did not get a call to Magdala Road until 05:39, where CPR was being performed on a victim by police.

Police have now formally identified the three victims.

Mr Webber, from Taunton, Somerset, was a history student at Nottingham, with a particular interest in US and China geopolitics.

He was a "key member" of Bishops Hull Cricket Club and had been selected for the university team. He also played hockey and rugby.

His family said: "Complete devastation is not enough to describe our pain and loss at the senseless murder of our son.

"Barnaby Philip John Webber was a beautiful, brilliant, bright young man, with everything in life to look forward to."

The family of Ms O'Malley-Kumar - a first-year medical student who excelled in hockey and cricket - issued a statement saying: "Grace was an adored daughter and sister; she was truly wonderful and a beautiful young lady.

"We were so incredibly proud of Grace's achievements and what a truly lovely person she was."

A banner saying "One City #NottinghamTogether" has been placed on the city's Council House

Mr Coates, who police had previously said was in his 50s, was described by LEAD Academy Trust as a "much-loved colleague who always went the extra mile".

Visiting the scene where Mr Coates was found fatally stabbed, his sons Lee and James Coates said their dad was due to retire in four months.

"We know as much as everybody else," Lee said. "He was a die-hard [Nottingham] Forest fan and an avid fisherman.

"He used to take under-privileged kids fishing just to get away from crime. You genuinely couldn't find a nicer guy.

"If we had to think about it, he'd be lying in a bed with us holding his hand, him dying naturally in 20 to 30 years' time."

"Not dying on a street because some guy decided it's not his day today," James added.

Kaleigh Wylie, 35, said she attended the River Leen School in Bulwell - where Mr Coates used to work - in the early 2000s.

"Ian worked alongside Jimmy, another caretaker in the school, both very well-loved, and in his spare time Ian used to take all the lads on fishing tournaments for the school," she said.

"He never shouted, never got angry with any of us children, and we all know us children are a handful as teenagers, but he never did."

Thousands of people have attended a vigil at the University of Nottingham

A vigil at the University of Nottingham on Wednesday afternoon has been attended by thousands of people, including relatives of Ms O'Malley-Kumar and Mr Webber.

Candles were lit and flowers laid for the pair.

The Reverend Grant Walton, from the university chaplaincy team, told mourners: "This is one of those moments which we hoped we'd never encounter.

"Students and staff of the university, community members and, most importantly, family and friends of precious Grace and Barnaby, some travelling many miles to be with us."

The university's vice-chancellor Professor Shearer West said the lives of the two 19-year-olds had been "curtailed" by a "seemingly random" act of violence.

She said: "What should have been a time of celebration and relaxation following the exam period has become a time to mourn tragic loss in the most unimaginable of circumstances."

Another vigil is planned in the Old Market Square at 17:30 on Thursday, during which the Council House lights will be switched off and a minute's silence held.

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

Workers at the 2 Sisters chicken processing plant in Llangefni, on Anglesey, left for the last time

A chicken processing plant has closed its gates for the last time after more than 50 years, causing 700 job losses.

The 2 Sisters poultry giant announced plans to shut down operations at Llangefni, Anglesey, in January.

Despite a taskforce setup in a bid to save the factory, its owners confirmed it would shut at the end of March.

Some workers said the closure was a "crying shame" but others remain optimistic the local economy will grow in other sectors creating new jobs.

When the decision was first made in January, Anglesey council's leader, Llinos Medi described the move as a "devastating blow".

Local Conservative MP Virginia Crosbietold BBC Radio Wales: "The Island needs hope and I am determined to do everything I can to help. It is a really sad day for the workers of 2Sisters.

"It isn't just the employees that are impacted, it is the families, the communities and the supply chains.

"So many companies really stepping up and trying to employ the staff that have lost their jobs."

Des Edwards has worked at 2 Sisters for a decade and will be out of work

It is a view shared by Des Edwards, who has worked night shifts as a hygiene operative for the past 10 years.

He said: "It's a crying shame - it really is."

Now 58, he said he was trying for other work, but it was all off Anglesey.

"There's nothing whatsoever on the island. It's really getting worse, as time goes by," he said.

"Who's going to employ someone who is 58 years of age that's going to retire at 67. They'd rather employ someone young."

Mr Edwards fears there will be "nothing on the island whatsoever" for his two young grandchildren once they reach working age.

Vince Williams said he now needs to open a new chapter in his life at the closure

Friend and colleague Vince Williams has been a mechanical fitter at the factory for two years.

"In the beginning I was a bit gutted, but at least we know what is happening. You've just got to go on with life," said the 55-year-old from the town.

"Life doesn't stop because 2 Sisters has finished. You've just got to get on with it, and go to the next chapter in your life."

Like others, he has concerns for what the future holds for the island.

"So many big companies have closed over the last 20 years," he said, pointing to Anglesey Aluminium at Holyhead and the Eastman Chemical Company at Peboc among others.

He said the island needs new investment if the economy is to survive.

During the official consultation period, the union Unite accused 2 Sisters of failing to engage with the Welsh government, UK officials and the union to actively save the plant from closure.

But the company insisted the Llangefni site remained unviable.

The site was opened in 1970 by JP Wood & Sons - known for their Chuckie Chicken brand

Chuckie was the biggest poultry brand in the UK at the time

"The facts of the matter are the site is old - it's over 50 years old. It's small, it's inefficient, the transport costs are too high," said 2 Sisters chief executive Ronald Kers, when the decision was first taken back in January.

"If there was an easy solution, we would have definitely explored it in more detail."

The company has offered to relocate some of the workforce to its other sites, including its largest poultry factory at Sandycroft on Deeside in Flintshire.

It says 54 people have been redeployed, with the hope more will be taken on in the coming weeks.

2 Sisters said a further 113 of those losing their jobs have found other work on Anglesey and other parts of north Wales.

The firm added: "Whilst we acknowledge this can be no substitution for the closing of the site, we remain committed to doing all we can and are offering additional support for a further month after this week's closure."

Coleg Menai principal Aled Jones-Griffith says the college can help with finding new roles and skills for those without work

An employment and advice hub has been running at the nearby Bryn Cefni Business Centre since the consultation started.

Coleg Menai specialises in vocational training, especially in engineering, technology and health and social care. It is part of the taskforce set up to help workers.

"Our hearts go out to the families that have been affected by the sad closure," said the college principal, Aled Jones-Griffith.

"We will work with them to see if we can identify new opportunities for them, or if we can identify re-skilling opportunities for them."

He is convinced there are opportunities on Anglesey, saying it is not "all doom and gloom".

It is a view shared by some of the younger students on the campus.

Cai Pritchard wants to work in the creative industries - and thinks career opportunities are out there

Cai Pritchard is 18, and studying TV and film production at Coleg Menai.

"Young people tend to choose jobs and careers that are more relevant to their interests - rather than skills that have been pointed out by other people," he said.

"Recently, there's a studio opened, Aria (in Llangefni), and that means there will be a bunch of film productions coming up which doesn't normally happen in north Wales.

Health and social care student Carly Hughes says work out there whatever your age

Carly Hughes, 20, wants a career in health and social care. She said it was a profession that is in great demand.

"The 2 Sisters food group is devastating, especially for Llangefni, because there are a lot of jobs that have gone.

"But I do think there are various job opportunities on the island for people. I do think the future is brighter."

Holyhead has been named as one of Wales' two new Freeports.

In just the past week, the decision was taken to name Holyhead as one of Wales' two new Freeports, projects that are setting out to create 20,000 jobs and investment worth £5bn.

Last year, Stena Line UK acquired the former site of Anglesey Aluminium for plans to boost its operations at the Port of Holyhead.

Work is also continuing on developing a hydrogen energy hub on the island.

Off-shore, the Morlais tidal energy project is continuing to progress - it received one of the last EU grants worth £31m last year.

These are all projects with the potential to provide a new generation of high-skill, well-paid jobs in years to come.

But that may come as little comfort to many of those walking out of the gates of 2 Sisters on Friday, without work and wondering what the next few weeks will bring.

British Airways (BA) has apologised for cancelling dozens of flights at London Heathrow on Thursday over IT issues.

The airline said it is fixing "technical problems" causing difficulties with online check-in, delaying flights.

Forty-three flights, or around 5% of its services, were cancelled as of 17:00 BST, according to aviation data firm Cirium.

About 800 flights in total were scheduled to fly from the UK today.

BA has suffered a series of reputation-damaging IT failures in the past couple of years, including an incident in December that saw dozens of long haul flights cancelled in the week before Christmas.

One person affected by the delays tweeted: "No one at @british_airways can tell us when our flight will leave. And if it does leave apparently it will leave without luggage."

Another wrote: "My daughter is stuck in Heathrow after already diverting to Iceland from Canada due to a medical emergency. She has not slept in 24 hours and cannot get on a flight back to Dublin."

BA said that a majority of its flights had continued to operate, adding that affected customers had been contacted and offered options, including a refund or rebooking onto an alternative flight with the airline or another carrier.

Rory Boland, editor of travel at consumer group Which?, said any traveller whose flight was cancelled would be legally entitled to compensation or rebooking at the earliest possible opportunity.

"Passengers are often given the runaround on this right, but it is the law, so it's worth being insistent," he added.

"It appears the technical issue in this instance is BA's own doing, so any flight cancellations and delays of more than three hours should also be eligible for compensation."

The issues come as security guards at Heathrow Airport have begun a three-day strike over pay.

There are roughly 1,400 striking staff based at Terminal 5 and in campus security represented by the Unite union. The airport has said operations will not be affected.

BA has been hit by other IT problems in recent years including a major outage in 2017 that stranded 75,000 passengers over a holiday weekend.

The incident sparked customer backlash with pledges from the carrier that it would do better in future.

Passengers also faced delays due to an IT issue in February, days after flights had been cancelled due to Storm Eunice.

At the time, passengers said their experiences with the airline were "utterly disastrous" and "truly woeful", prompting the airline to issue an apology.

How was your journey affected? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.
• None BA sorry after flights departing US delayed

Left to right: Habiba, Mahtab and Tamana - they are all devastated that young women in Afghanistan cannot attend school

"Every day I wake up with the hope of going back to school. They [the Taliban] keep saying they will open schools. But it's been almost two years now. I don't believe them. It breaks my heart," says 17-year-old Habiba.

She blinks and bites her lip trying hard not to tear up.

Habiba and her former classmates Mahtab and Tamana are among hundreds of thousands of teenage girls who have been barred from attending secondary school in most of Afghanistan by the Taliban - the only country to take such action.

One-and-a-half years since their lives were brought to a halt, their grief is still raw.

The girls say they fear that global outrage over what's happened to them is fading, even though they live with the pain every day - intensified this week when another school term started without them.

"When I see the boys going to school and doing whatever they want, it really hurts me. I feel very bad. When I see my brother leaving for school, I feel broken," says Tamana. Her voice trembles and tears roll down her cheeks but she goes on.

"Earlier, my brother used to say I won't go to school without you. I hugged him and said you go, I'll join you later.

"People tell my parents you shouldn't worry, you have sons. I wish we had the same rights."

There was a little freedom at the beginning, but gradually that changed

Any hopes they might have had of schools being reopened have been dented by the increasing restrictions the Taliban government has imposed on women.

"There was a little freedom at the beginning, but gradually that changed," Habiba says.

The first restriction following the secondary school ban came in December 2021, when the Taliban ordered that women would have to be accompanied by a male relative if travelling more than 72km (48 miles).

In March 2022, the Taliban government announced that secondary schools would reopen for girls, only to close them within hours.

Less than two months later, a decree was passed that women would have to wear clothing that covered them from head to toe, including a face veil.

In November, women and girls were barred from parks, gyms and swimming pools. Girls were no longer allowed to choose subjects such as economics, engineering and journalism at university.

A month later, a massive blow was delivered when universities were closed to female students, and women were banned from working in domestic and international NGOs except those in the health sector.

Life has no meaning without education. I think death is better than a life like this

"If these limitations increase, I don't think this life is worth living anymore for women. We don't have access to our basic rights as human beings. Life has no meaning without education. I think death is better than a life like this," Mahtab says.

Mahtab had been injured in a bombing at Sayed Ul-Shuhada school in May 2021, when the Taliban were fighting the forces of the previous government of Afghanistan.

"I had injuries on my neck, face and foot. They were painful. But I was determined to continue studying," she says. "I even attended my mid-term exam, but soon after the Taliban came and it was all over."

The Taliban have said that schools and universities are only temporarily closed to women and girls until a "suitable environment" can be created. It is evident that there are divisions within the Taliban government on the issue, but so far any efforts by those who believe girls should be allowed to study have yielded no results.

Regarding some of the other restrictions, the Taliban say they were imposed because women were not wearing a hijab (head covering) or following Islamic laws. Enforcement of the Taliban's rules isn't uniform across provinces, but the regulations create an environment of fear and confusion.

"We always wear a hijab. But it doesn't make a difference. What do they mean? I don't understand," Tamana says.

In our time in Afghanistan before and after the Taliban takeover, we have never met an Afghan woman not wearing a hijab.

When I see my brother leaving for school, I feel broken

To counter the shrinking public spaces for women, Laila Basim had co-founded a library for women in Kabul which we visited in November last year. Thousands of books were neatly stacked on shelves that covered three walls of the room. Women came in to read books, and sometimes just to meet each other - an escape from being indoors in their homes.

Now the library is closed.

"Twice when the Taliban shut the library, we managed to reopen it. But the threats increased day by day. I got phone calls saying how dare I open a library for women. Once they came to the library and told women that they had no right to read books," says Laila. "It became too risky to run it, so I had to take the inevitable decision to shut it down."

Laila Basim has closed the women's library since this photo was taken in November

She says she will continue to find other means to fight the Taliban's policies.

"Of course, I am scared, but the closure of the library is not the end of the road. There are other approaches through which we can raise the voices of Afghan women. It is difficult and will require sacrifices, but we have started it and are committed to it," she adds.

For women who are the only earning members of their families, it's hard to even get from day to day.

Meera (name changed) is a widow in her mid-forties. She used to work as a cleaner at a girls' school, supporting her family of 10. She lost her job when the school closed, and, amid an economic crisis in the country, she's not found much work since.

She now begs on the streets of Kabul.

"I feel like I'm not alive. People know I have nothing so they try to help me out. It is better to die than to live a life without dignity," she says, weeping inconsolably. "If I get potatoes one day, I peel them and cook them. The next day I cook the peelings to feed my family."

Even amid her struggles, Meera wishes her daughters could go to school.

"If they could be educated, they could get jobs. One of my daughters wants to study law and another wants to study medicine. I tell them that I will find money for their education, even if I have to beg for it, but they can't go to university because the Taliban don't allow it," she adds.

"There is nothing except pain or sorrow in every house now," she says.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Nine people have been detained over an explosion at a barbecue restaurant in north-west China which has killed at least 31 people.

A gas leak is suspected to have caused the explosion in Yinchuan city on Wednesday night local time.

President Xi Jinping has called for "all-out efforts" in the rescue and an investigation into the blast.

The owner of the Fuyang Barbecue Restaurant was among those in custody, state media reported.

The explosion occurred on the eve of the three-day Dragon Boat Festival holiday in China, a time when many families and friends gather for celebratory meals.

Several high school students and retirees were among the dead, local media reported.

The death toll is expected to rise with at least seven people injured, one of whom is in a critical condition, Xinhua news agency reported.

President Xi Jinping has called for maximum efforts in treating the wounded and boosting safety measures.

"We must do our best to rescue the injured and reassure the families of the casualties, identify the cause of the accident as soon as possible, and seriously pursue responsibility according to the law," Mr Xi said.

The restaurant is part of a cluster of eateries and entertainment venues in downtown Yinchuan, the capital of the Ningxia autonomous region.

State broadcaster CCTV aired footage of more than a dozen firefighters fighting the blaze as smoke poured out of a gaping hole in the restaurant's facade. Shards of glass and other debris littered the street.

Fire and rescue services dispatched more than 100 personnel and 20 vehicles to the scene, the Ministry of Emergency Management said. The rescue operation lasted until 04:00 local time Thursday.

According to a preliminary investigation by the fire department, a restaurant employee had smelled a gas leak about an hour before the explosion.

He then discovered a broken valve on a liquefied gas tank, and was in the process of replacing it when the blast occurred, local media reported.

Barbeque restaurants are emblematic of China's street vendor economy and a favourite of locals in the country's north-west regions.

A video posted by Sudan's Rapid Support Forces (RSF) showing its fighters apparently detaining Egyptian soldiers in Sudan has been shared online.

It shows a group of unarmed men in military fatigues sat on the ground while being addressed by RSF fighters.

The word Egypt and an Egyptian army logo can be seen on the back of the uniform of one of the men - another identifies himself as an Egyptian officer.

The RSF logo is visible on the right arm of one of the fighters.

The group claims the video - posted on Saturday - was taken in the town of Merowe, north of Khartoum.

The BBC has not been able to pinpoint where it is but the landscape in the background is similar to other videos posted by the RSF from Merowe.

The RSF has said in a statement that it would cooperate with Egyptian authorities to "ease the return" of the detained troops .

Daniel Radcliffe and Erin Darke reportedly met on the set of Kill Your Darlings in 2013

Actor Daniel Radcliffe and his long-term partner, Erin Darke, have become parents for the first time.

The birth of their child was confirmed by the Harry Potter actor's publicist after the Daily Mail published photographs of them pushing a pram in New York.

In March it was reported that the couple were expecting a baby.

The actors have been together for a decade after reportedly meeting on the set of film Kill Your Darlings in 2013.

They have not revealed the sex of the baby, or when the child was born.

Radcliffe was 12 when he was cast as the bespectacled boy wizard in Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone in 2001.

He went on to appear in all eight films based on the books written by JK Rowling.

More recently, he played the lead role in Weird: The Al Yankovic Story, for which he was nominated for a Bafta.

The biopic follows the life and career of comedian Weird Al Yankovic, who found fame with comical spoof versions of classic songs.

Last year he told Newsweek he would love his children to aspire to work behind the scenes in the film industry.

"I want my kids, if and when they exist... I would love them to be around film sets," he said.

"A dream would be for them to come on to a film set and be like 'God, you know, I'd love to be in the art department. I'd love to be something in the crew.'"

Michigan-born Darke is best known for her role in 2015 series Good Girl Revolt, and more recently appeared in Prime Video series The Marvelous Mrs Maisel.

Radcliffe's Harry Potter co-star, Rupert Grint, who played Ronald Weasley in the films, has a two-year-old daughter, Wednesday, with actor Georgia Groome.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Air strikes have pounded Sudan's capital, Khartoum, despite a truce aimed at allowing civilians to flee.

The army said it was attacking the city to flush out its paramilitary rivals, the Rapid Support Forces (RSF).

The fighting intensified even as the warring sides said they would extend the truce by another three days.

More than 500 deaths have been reported with the true number of casualties believed to be much higher. Millions remain trapped in Khartoum.

Army commander Gen Abdel Fattah al-Burhan and RSF chief Gen Mohamed Hamdan Dagalo, better known as Hemedti, are vying for power - and disagree in particular about plans to include the RSF into the army.

The generals agreed a humanitarian truce after intensive diplomatic efforts by neighbouring countries, the US, UK and UN. It was extended, but did not hold.

However, it remains unclear on what they will do in the next stage of the deal arrived at with US and Saudi mediation, according to the army.

The country is now in a civil war, says Sudanese businessman and philanthropist Mo Ibrahim, and its conflict must not be allowed to spill over its borders and become regional.

"We don't want another Syria," he told the BBC, adding that it was difficult for either side to win outright.

BBC diplomatic correspondent Paul Adams, who is monitoring events from the Kenyan capital, Nairobi, says the fighting is concentrated mainly in the north of Khartoum, close to the confluence of the Blue and White Niles, but right across the city, people are huddled in their homes, wondering whether it is more dangerous to stay or leave.

The army will find it difficult to expel the RSF from Khartoum - for all the army's superior firepower, the paramilitaries are highly mobile and more suited to urban warfare, our correspondent adds.

Before the announcement of the extension on Sunday, the army said it had conducted operations against RSF troops north of the city centre.

On Monday, the World Food Programme announced that it was resuming its operations in Sudan, reversing its decision to pull out two weeks ago, after three of its staff were killed when fighting erupted in Khartoum.

Hamid Khalafallah, from the Tahrir Institute for Middle East Policy, is one of those unable to flee.

"When there is very loud bombing and it gets closer, we take shelter in the house, try to all come to a central room, far from windows, far from walls, and so on, and just lie on the floor until it passes.

"When it's a bit further, we try to use the quiet hours that we get - a couple of hours a day - to just quickly go out and get what we need which is also very risky but we have to do it," he told BBC Newsday.

Mr Khalafallah said his neighbourhood was dotted with RSF checkpoints, with people risking their lives every time they had to negotiate their way past.

"It's basically a gamble. Sometimes they let you through, sometimes they don't. Sometimes they shoot at you, sometimes they steal your things and it's very random," he added.

Mr Khalafallah said he has not had a "single drop of water" at his home since fighting started on 15 April, and he was getting it from neighbours who had wells at their homes.

The first major aid flight, laden with medical supplies, has arrived in the country.

The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) says a plane landed at Port Sudan with eight tonnes of relief supplies, including health kits for hospitals.

"With hostilities still ongoing, ICRC teams will need guarantees of safe passage from the parties to the conflict to deliver this material to medical facilities in locations with active fighting, such as Khartoum," a statement said.

More than 70% of health facilities in the capital have been forced to close as a result of the fighting that erupted on 15 April.

Foreign countries have been evacuating their nationals amid the chaos.

The UK government announced on Sunday that it would organise a final evacuation flight on Monday - two days after it said it had ended its operation to bring British nationals out. The Foreign Office (FCDO) advised those wishing to leave to travel to the evacuation point in Port Sudan before 12:00 (10:00 GMT). So far, 2,122 people have been evacuated, the FCDO statement said.

A US-organised convoy has reached Port Sudan to evacuate more US citizens by ship to Jeddah in Saudi Arabia. It said hundreds of Americans had already left, in addition to the diplomats evacuated by air a week ago.

Selected:-1 Level B Koepka (US), C Morikawa (US); +1 +2

A record-breaking Rickie Fowler holds the halfway lead at the 123rd US Open but has Rory McIlroy in hot pursuit.

Eight birdies helped Fowler to 10 under and a one-shot lead over Wyndham Clark, with McIlroy just a shot further back in third alongside Xander Schauffele.

Defending champion Matthew Fitzpatrick hit a hole-in-one while Dustin Johnson had a quadruple bogey in a level-par 70 to sit four off the lead on six under.

A furious Jon Rahm just made the cut at the exclusive Los Angeles Country Club.

The world number two snarled his way around the Californian course during a frustrating round in which he posted four of his six bogeys on the back nine.

The Spaniard almost snapped a wedge as his temper got the better of him before he signed for a three-over 73 to finish on the cut line of two over par.

Many expected tournament organisers to toughen up the North Course at Los Angeles Country Club after a day of record scoring on Thursday, but there were still plenty of birdies to be had on Friday and a remarkable third hole-in-one of the tournament.

For a player who failed to even qualify for the US Open last year after tumbling down to 173rd in the world rankings, it has been a relentless attacking display from Fowler.

The 34-year-old is chasing his first major victory and far from resting on his US Open record round of 62 on Thursday, came out firing again with three straight birdies making him the fastest player ever to get to 10 under in this event.

In a rollercoaster round containing just four pars, Fowler carded six bogeys but eight birdies to take his total to a championship record 18 in his first two rounds, while his 36-hole score of 130 tied Germany's 2014 champion Martin Kaymer for the lowest in US Open history.

"I'm in the lead, but we're only halfway there," said the American. "Being in the lead is nice, but it really means nothing right now.

"I'm looking forward to continuing to challenge myself and go out there and try and execute the best I can."

Schauffele, who matched Fowler's 62 on Thursday, did not bring the same fireworks on Friday, but after three consecutive bogeys he finished with two birdies to sign for a level-par 70 to join McIlroy on eight under.

The reigning Olympic champion will play with McIlroy in the penultimate group out on Saturday at 23:39 BST.

World number one Scottie Scheffler is not too far away on five under after a 68, with Open champion Cameron Smith rounding out the top 10 on four under after a 67.

Bryson DeChambeau and Viktor Hovland are on one under, while last month's US PGA Championship winner Brooks Koepka is at level par.

Teeing off on the 10th in the early wave, things did not go McIlroy's way in his first nine holes and he was in danger of sliding out of contention with three bogeys and a solitary birdie, but the response was emphatic.

Six birdies followed, four in his last five holes including coming within inches of making a hole-in-one at the par-three ninth, in contrast to his bogey finish in the first round.

"It was a great way to finish the round," McIlroy told NBC. "It was nice to finish the round off properly and put myself right into the mix going into the weekend."

Like McIlroy, Dustin Johnson is also in contention for a second US Open title, despite a nightmare start when he took eight on the par-four second. The American fought hard to deliver a level-par round and show his title credentials.

"Making a quad on number two definitely didn't get the day started off how I envisioned it," said Johnson.

"But to battle back and still be right in the mix going into the weekend, I'm definitely proud of the way I came back and finished off the round."

Johnson was joined on six under by Australian Min Woo Lee, who carded the lowest round of the day, a five-under 65.

American Clark set the pace for the early starters, putting together a superb round of 67, with just one bogey, to get to nine under after some nerveless putting on the greens.

The 29-year-old won his one and only PGA Tour title last month and this is a huge US Open performance for him after missing the cut on his two previous appearances.

Although generally unhappy with his performance, especially off the tee, Sheffield's Fitzpatrick had a moment to remember on the short 15th, although he only realised he had aced it thanks to the crowd's reaction.

"It was so exciting and a first ever professional hole-in-one," said the 28-year-old from Sheffield, who carded a level-par 70 to end the day one over.

"As soon as I hit it I thought that it had a good chance of going close. My hand was a bit sore after all the high fiving."

Fitzpatrick squeezed into the weekend on one over alongside Tyrrell Hatton, Patrick Reed and Sergio Garcia, while Padraig Harrington, Shane Lowry and Tommy Fleetwood scraped through on two over.

Phil Mickelson missed the cut on his 53rd birthday, with the six-time runner-up looking destined to miss out on the one major to elude him, while Jordan Spieth was another big name to miss out on three over.

The 2013 US Open champion Justin Rose is also heading home after letting his round slip away from him with two late bogeys as he finished at four over.

Meanwhile, two-time major winner Justin Thomas had three double bogeys in his nightmare 11-over round of 81 to finish on 14 over.

At St Brelade's care home in Kent, life is getting back to normal after Covid

Many care home staff worked extra hours without extra pay to prop up the system during the pandemic, a study suggests.

Public money helped stabilise UK care homes during the first wave of Covid-19 but it was withdrawn too soon and not focused on staff, says the research, led by Warwick Business School.

While many homes struggled financially, some larger companies were able to pay more to shareholders, the study found.

Ministers are discussing reforms to adult social care across the UK.

The researchers studied the accounts of more than 4,000 UK care home companies, from just before the pandemic and during the first year of the health crisis.

They found nearly two thirds (60%) of care homes were already financially fragile as the pandemic took hold.

The report, co-written with University College London and the Centre for Health and the Public Interest think tank, accuses the government of failing to plan for "highly predictable" damage to the sector's financial viability during a pandemic.

An extra £2.1bn of public money pumped into the sector at the peak of the pandemic helped many care homes avoid financial collapse, but not all of it reached the front lines and most of the payments ended in 2022, say the authors.

In the first year of the pandemic, 122 larger, for-profit, care home companies were able to pay shareholders 11% more in dividends than the previous year, the research found.

The majority of care home companies are small, like the one operating St Brelade's in Herne Bay, Kent.

Staff here gave up their private lives to keep residents safe as the pandemic took hold.

"I lived here for three weeks," says Nicola Helman. "Then I was in every single day after that, for another four weeks".

Nicola also went to great lengths, when off-duty, to avoid picking up Covid, stressing she "didn't communicate with anybody, didn't pass anybody or anything like that".

Care worker Nicola Helman (r) lived at the care home at the height of the pandemic

He says the government subsidy helped ease financial pressures during the first year of the pandemic, but things became far tougher once it was withdrawn.

"Inflation really kicked in. Everything had become much more expensive... so now you had less revenue, less subsidy and high expenses."

Locally, at least three care homes have closed since 2020, he adds.

The report concludes: "The decision by government to end financial support for care home companies after the peak of the pandemic had passed has likely contributed to the current financial and operational difficulties experienced by the sector."

It states the financial plight of many staff and the immense pressure they were under "means it is not surprising the care home sector has struggled to both recruit and retain staff once lockdown restrictions were removed and the wider economy re-opened".

The Department of Health and Social care responded that it is supporting social care in England with up to £7.5bn over two years, and its latest social care plans were published last week.

A 15-year-old girl has died after being pulled from the sea at Cleethorpes beach, police have confirmed.

Humberside Police said the girl and a boy, also 15, were airlifted to hospital at about 19:30 BST on Saturday.

The boy received treatment but was later discharged, the force said.

Both children had been reported missing at about 14:00 BST, prompting a search that involved an HM Coastguard helicopter and RNLI lifeboat.

Flowers have been left at the scene of Saturday's tragedy

Flowers and tributes to the girl have been left at the scene.

Police said the girl would not be officially named, at the request of her family.

Det Insp Nathan Reuben said: "Our thoughts and sincere condolences are with the family at this incredibly difficult time. We ask that they are given the time and space to process this tragic news. The family is being supported by specially trained officers.

"We are working together with all the relevant agencies, including Humberside Fire and Rescue and the coastguard, to fully understand the circumstances of the tragic accident."

An HM Coastguard spokesperson said a lifeboat was launched at 16:00 and found the pair "some way" to sea.

They said it had been a very difficult day for everyone involved.

Earlier, police thanked the public for helping with the search.

Follow BBC East Yorkshire and Lincolnshire on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. Send your story ideas to yorkslincs.news@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Simon Case was appointed cabinet secretary by Boris Johnson in 2020

Rishi Sunak has backed the UK's top civil servant Simon Case over comments he made about the government's Covid policies in WhatsApp messages.

In exchanges with Matt Hancock, published by The Telegraph, Mr Case calls then PM Boris Johnson a "distrusted" figure.

He also mocks people forced to stay in quarantine hotels and appears to criticise other ministers.

Mr Sunak rejected calls to sack Mr Case over the comments.

He said the cabinet secretary had "done a great job" and "works hard to support the government's agenda".

Asked if Mr Case would still be in his job at the time of the next general election, Mr Sunak said he looked forward to working with him for a "long time to come".

Separately, a cabinet office insider told the BBC Mr Case was uncomfortable with being in the spotlight, especially as he is unable to respond to the criticism in public because of civil service rules.

Another source said Mr Case's departure from his job was "extremely unlikely".

As a senior civil servant, Mr Case is required to give impartial policy advice to government ministers.

But he has faced criticism over the tone of the exchanges with Mr Hancock.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Conservative MP Marcus Fysh told BBC News the messages "just make it untenable for him [Mr Case] to be credible as a leader of the civil service".

The Yeovil MP, a former member of the Commons Public Administration Committee, said Mr Case should be replaced by someone who can offer a "balanced" view.

"He needs to fall on his sword and the government needs to encourage that," said the MP, who was highly critical of Covid lockdown extensions during the pandemic.

One WhatsApp exchange with Mr Hancock, from June 2020, appears to suggest opposition to tougher Covid rules was "pure Conservative ideology".

In a separate exchange, Mr Case reportedly said then-Chancellor Rishi Sunak had been "going bonkers" over a row about contact tracing.

In another exchange with Mr Hancock, from October 2020, Mr Case said the government was "losing the war" on getting people to isolate after testing because messages were coming from Mr Johnson who was "nationally distrusted".

He added that keeping Mr Johnson focussed on "numbers" of new Covid cases would "keep him honest".

The messages also included exchanges between Mr Hancock and Mr Case, from February 2021, in which the cabinet secretary said it was "hilarious" that international travellers had to isolate on their return to the UK.

"I just want to see some of the faces of people coming out of first class and into a Premier Inn shoe box," he told Mr Hancock.

A collection of more than 100,000 messages sent between former Health Secretary Matt Hancock and other ministers and officials at the height of the Covid-19 pandemic have been obtained by the Telegraph. Here are some of our stories on the leaks:

A former senior civil servant, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the exchanges published by the Telegraph did not necessarily tell the whole story.

But discussing government business on WhatsApp in this way suggested "a lack of professionalism", not least because the messages can be made public.

"It does seem to display a laxity in the decision-making process. with decisions being made for, frankly, emotional, personal, or 'small p' political reasons", he said of Mr Case's exchanges with Mr Hancock.

Some of this may be down to Mr Case's "inexperience" as a senior civil servant, he suggested, and his apparent desire to act as "courtier" to ministers, rather than an impartial adviser.

"As a cabinet secretary, you don't need to curry favour, to be seen to be 'on side' with ministers, in this case Matt Hancock," said the former civil servant.

It was, he suggested, "illustrative, perhaps, of a lack of grip on the job" and he would not be surprised if Mr Case was considering quitting.

"There is wisdom in choosing the time of your own departure and maybe that is something he will be thinking about."

The messages are part of trove of more than 100,000 WhatsApp messages leaked to the Telegraph by journalist Isabel Oakeshott.

The BBC has not been able to independently verify the messages, which were supplied to Ms Oakeshott in confidence by then-Health Secretary Matt Hancock.

Mr Hancock has said they offer an "entirely partial account" of the government's handling of the pandemic.

Last updated on .From the section Snooker

Coverage: Watch live on BBC TV and Red Button with uninterrupted coverage on BBC iPlayer, the BBC Sport website and the BBC Sport app

Mark Selby created history as he became the first player to make a maximum 147 break in a World Championship final.

But the four-time world champion trails Luca Brecel 9-8 going into Monday's last day of action.

"The atmosphere when I potted that final black was electric. It is incredible. Just to make a 147 here is hard enough," said 39-year-old Selby.

"I always thought that if I got in that position I would be shaking like a leaf. It was amazing how calm I felt."

Belgium's Brecel had dominated the opening session with his flamboyant attacking style to open up a 6-2 advantage.

However, Selby, who appeared jaded on Sunday afternoon as a consequence of the draining late-night finish to his semi-final victory over Mark Allen, delivered a superb riposte in an exhilarating second session.

A high-quality start saw Selby finally display his devastating potting ability, opening with a 134 break and then a 96 as he reeled off three of the first four frames.

Brecel, who crafted a brilliant 99 of his own in the 10th frame of the match, constructed back-to-back half centuries to re-establish a four-frame lead at 9-5.

But Selby again responded, pinching the final frame of the session after his 147 to leave snooker's blue-riband event delicately poised when play resumes at 13:00 BST on Monday.

Selby's special effort arrived in the 16th frame of the match, with the Englishman coming to the table after Brecel had left a red hanging in the jaws of the bottom corner pocket.

As excitement built he went on to superbly pot a difficult final red with the rest to clear all 15 reds, all accompanied by blacks, before dispatching the colours.

It prompted joyous scenes as the fans inside the auditorium erupted.

Referee Brendan Moore, officiating in his third and last Crucible final before retirement, congratulated Selby, who was also embraced warmly by Brecel.

Selby's feat comes 40 years on from the first ever maximum at the Crucible, compiled by Cliff Thorburn in 1983.

The Englishman is the 10th player to achieve a total clearance at the Sheffield venue - Kyren Wilson also made a 147 earlier in the tournament.

There have been 14 maximums in total at the Crucible with Ronnie O'Sullivan and Stephen Hendry making three each.

The select band of players to reach the magical tally is completed by Cliff Thorburn, Jimmy White, Mark Williams, Ali Carter, John Higgins and Neil Robertson.

Wilson's 147 came during his 10-5 first-round win against Ryan Day.

Selby is set to share with him an additional £55,000 in prize money, with £40,000 on offer for a 147 and £15,000 for the tournament's highest break.

It was amazing, to be here and have a bird's eye view of it, it's a magical moment in Crucible history.

To make a maximum in a final is just the icing on the cake for Mark Selby in his career.

Phenomenal. Iconic pictures. The irony that during the interval we were running a piece about Cliff Thorburn [making the Crucible's first maximum in 1983] and celebrating the anniversary of that, to then a couple of frames later [for Selby to make one].

It was absolutely amazing. What a competitor. To then follow that up by winning the final frame, that is absolutely vital. A very interesting day that we're set up for tomorrow.

Primary school children in England have ranked fourth in the international rankings for reading.

The latest results in the Progress in International Reading Literacy Study - known as Pirls - saw England's rank jump from eighth to enter the top five.

Based on tests taken every five years, the study places countries in a global education league table.

The Pirls tests are taken by nine and 10-year-olds, normally Year 5 pupils in England, at the end of the school year.

The 2021 testing round assessed nearly 400,000 pupils in 57 countries.

But 14 of those - including Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland - delayed testing to the start of the next school year because of disruption caused by the Covid pandemic, meaning the students taking part were older.

The International Association for the Evaluation of Educational Achievement (IEA), which runs the study, said direct comparisons with those 14 countries should be made "with great care".

When included in comparisons, Northern Ireland ranked fifth - up from joint sixth in the previous round of testing.

The IEA said England could be reliably compared with other countries even though it pushed back testing until 2022 to avoid Covid disruption, because it tested the same age group as the other countries.

In those rankings, Singapore scored the highest result, with an average score of 587.

Second was Hong Kong with an average score of 573, followed by Russia (567) and England (558).

Wales and Scotland do not submit results to Pirls but Scotland is set to join the next cycle.

Schools minister Nick Gibb said England's success was aided by government reforms, including a focus on phonics, which teaches children to read using sounds, and to teachers "putting reading at the heart of everything they do".

Geoff Barton, general secretary of the Association of School and College Leaders (ASCL), said the "excellent results" were "a badly needed piece of good news for an education system that feels beleaguered".

He said the success was testament to the "hard work, skill and dedication of primary school teachers and leaders".

Overall, girls were ahead of boys in their reading achievement in nearly all of the ranked countries, but the gender gap has narrowed in the most recent testing round.

The Pirls results came days after a Year 6 Sats reading paper, which some parents said was so hard it left children in tears.

Mr Gibb said the assessments had to "test a range of ability", but said he would look at the paper because of the concerns.

Last year's Sats results showed overall standards in reading, writing and maths had slipped among Year 6 pupils in England since the pandemic - though individual subject results showed reading levels increased slightly with 74% of pupils meeting the expected standard, up from 73% in 2019.

By 2030, the government wants 90% of children leaving primary school to reach the expected standards in reading, writing and maths.

Three people were injured after a woman, who was being detained, stole a gun from a guard and opened fire outside a Chilean market on Monday.

A guard and a cameraman were among the wounded. The cameraman was taken to hospital with serious injuries, where he was in stable condition, according to national newspaper La Nación.

The incident, which took place at Lo Valledor market in Santiago, was captured on a live stream.

Video showed the woman being escorted out of the market in police custody.

After a school shooting in Tennessee, police cars and yellow buses wait outside the crime scene.

One of the two fishing boats was washed ashore on Bedwell Island

Eleven Indonesian fishermen have been rescued after surviving for six days without food or water on a tiny island off Australia's coast.

The Australian Maritime Safety Authority said they were airlifted to safety on Monday from Bedwell Island, some 330km (205 miles) west of the town of Broome in Western Australia.

But nine others are feared dead.

The survivors said their two boats were hit by the powerful Tropical Cyclone Ilsa last week, sinking one boat.

Nine of the 10 crew members on that vessel are still missing.

The sole survivor is reported to have been in the ocean for hours, clinging onto a jerry can, before being picked up by the fishermen from the other boat, the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) reported.

That boat was pictured washed ashore on the small Bedwell Island.

The surviving fishermen were eventually spotted by an Australian Border Force aircraft, and evacuated by a rescue helicopter to Broome, where they are being treated in hospital.

They are "all reported to be in good health despite their ordeal", a Border Force spokesperson said, as quoted by the ABC, adding that the government was now working to "repatriate the group as soon as practical".

Cyclone Ilsa, the strongest storm in the region in about 14 years, hit Western Australia last week - but it spared populated areas from major damage.

Bedwell island lies near the Rowley Shoals - a series of coral reefs off Western Australia's coast.

The Greek coastguard released images of the crowded boat before it went down

At least 78 people have died and more than 100 have been rescued after their fishing boat sank off southern Greece.

But survivors have suggested as many as 750 people may have been packed on to the boat, with reports of 100 children in the hold.

Greece says it is one of its biggest ever migrant tragedies, and has declared three days of mourning.

Authorities say their offers of aid were refused but they are facing claims of not doing enough to help.

The boat went down about 80km (50 miles) south-west of Pylos after 02:04 on Wednesday morning local time, according to the Greek coastguard, which lowered an earlier confirmed death toll of 79 to 78.

The EU's border agency Frontex said it had spotted the boat early on Tuesday afternoon and immediately told Greek and Italian authorities. The coastguard said later that no-one on board was wearing life jackets.

In a timeline provided by the coastguard, it said that initial contact was made with the fishing boat at 14:00 (11:00 GMT) and no request for help had been made.

It said the Greek shipping ministry had made repeated contact with the boat and was told repeatedly it simply wanted to sail on to Italy. A Maltese-flagged ship provided food and water at around 18:00, and another boat provided water three hours after that, it added.

Then at around 01:40 on Wednesday someone on the boat is said to have notified the Greek coastguard that the vessel's engine had malfunctioned.

Shortly afterwards, the boat capsized, taking only ten to fifteen minutes to sink completely. A search and rescue operation was triggered but complicated by strong winds.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Alarm Phone, an emergency helpline for migrants in trouble at sea, complained that the coastguard was "aware of the ship being in distress for hours before any help was sent", adding that authorities "had been informed by different sources" that the boat was in trouble.

It added that people may have been scared to encounter Greek authorities because they were aware of the country's "horrible and systematic pushback practices".

Jérôme Tubiana of Médecins Sans Frontières told French radio: "It's really shocking to hear that Frontex flew over the boat and no-one intervened because the boat refused all offers of help... an overloaded boat is a boat in distress."

The boat is thought to have been going from Libya to Italy, with most of those on board believed to be men in their 20s.

They had been travelling for days, according to local media reports, which added that the boat had been approached by a Maltese cargo ship on Tuesday afternoon that supplied food and water.

Survivors spoke of as many as 500 to 750 people on board and regional health director Yiannis Karvelis warned of an unprecedented tragedy: "The number of the people on board was much higher than the capacity that should be allowed for this boat."

One survivor told a hospital doctor in Kalamata that he had seen 100 children in the hold.

Coastguard Cpt Nikolaos Alexiou told public TV that the boat had sunk in one of the deepest parts of the Mediterranean.

The nationalities of the victims have not yet been announced.

Survivors have been taken to Kalamata, and many were treated in hospital for hypothermia or minor injuries.

Public broadcaster ERT said that three people suspected of being the traffickers had been taken to the central port authority in Kalamata and were being interrogated.

Greek President Katerina Sakellaropoulou visited some of those rescued and expressed her sorrow for those who had drowned.

Each year, hundreds of people die trying to cross the Mediterranean. In February, a boat carrying migrants capsized near Cutro, in the region of Calabria in southern Italy, killing at least 94 people - one of the deadliest incidents recorded.

Greek migration ministry official Yiorgos Michaelidis said Greece had repeatedly called for a "solid" EU migration policy "in order to accept people who are really in need and not just the people who have the money to pay the smugglers".

"Right now, the smugglers are the ones who decide who comes to Europe," he told the BBC.

"The case is for the EU to provide asylum, help and safety for those who are really in need. It's not a problem of Greece, Italy or Cyprus… The EU is the one that must conclude on a solid migration policy."

Greece is one of the main routes into the European Union for refugees and migrants from the Middle East, Asia and Africa.

Last month the Greek government came under international criticism over video footage reportedly showing the forceful expulsion of migrants who were set adrift at sea.

More than 70,000 refugees and migrants have arrived in Europe's front-line countries this year, with the majority landing in Italy, according to UN data.

Are you in Greece? Have you noticed anything which we should be reporting? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Humza Yousaf said he was not prepared to put companies at a competitive disadvantage

The first minister has told the BBC he is struggling to see how Scotland's deposit return scheme can go ahead without the UK government's support.

Humza Yousaf has written to Prime Minister Rishi Sunak asking him to agree to include glass bottles in the scheme.

He has set Monday as a deadline for a response and agreed that this was "effectively" an ultimatum.

The UK government said deposit return schemes should be consistent UK-wide.

In his letter to the prime minister, Mr Yousaf accused the UK government of placing the deposit return scheme (DRS) in "grave danger".

He said the demands would have a "significant impact" on business.

The administrator of Scotland's DRS, Circularity Scotland, has now urged the UK and Scottish governments to "get round the table" to deliver the programme.

The UK government wrote to the Scottish government last week granting a partial exemption to the Internal Market Act which would exclude glass containers from the DRS - which is due to go live in Scotland in March next year.

Mr Yousaf has urged a rethink from the UK government, citing concerns from one of Scotland's biggest brewers.

"The removal of glass fundamentally threatens the viability of Scotland's DRS with reduced revenue for the scheme administrator," he wrote.

"Removing glass will also have a significant impact on business.

"For example, C&C Group - owners of the iconic Tennent's brand - has been explicit that the decision by the UK government to remove glass threatens investment and jobs.

"Other Scottish businesses have raised similar concerns privately with us."

The Scottish government wants to include glass bottles in its plans

Mr Yousaf later told BBC Scotland Tennent's had said that, apart from threatening jobs and investment, excluding glass would also put the company at a competitive disadvantage.

"I'm not prepared to do that," he said. "The Scottish government will not be prepared to do that and now that we've heard from these companies I'm saying to the prime minister it's very simple - you agree to include glass in the scheme or I'm afraid I struggle to see how the scheme can go ahead because I will not put Scottish businesses at that disadvantage."

Mr Yousaf said he hoped the UK government would listen and agree to provide the Scottish government with the necessary exemption from the Internal Market Act.

The UK government's move sparked another constitutional row between Edinburgh and London, with the first minister writing in his letter to Mr Sunak: "There are much wider consequences of the decision.

"This UK government intervention at such a late stage demonstrates a major erosion of the devolution settlement.

"I urge you to revoke the conditions set out in your letter and grant a full exclusion for Scotland's DRS, to be implemented as per the regulations agreed by the Scottish Parliament in this area of devolved competence.

"Without this, the Scottish government is not prepared to put Scottish businesses at a competitive disadvantage due to the last-minute demands the UK government has made.

"There is little doubt your government's action have put the future of DRS in grave danger, not only in Scotland but also in the rest of the UK due to the damage to consumer and investor confidence."

It is looking increasingly likely that the deposit return scheme will be scrapped.

The Scottish government wants the scheme to cover glass bottles, plastic bottles and drinks cans.

But the UK government has an effective veto - it needs to provide the Scottish government with an appropriate exemption from the Internal Market Act which is designed to ensure there are no barriers to trade within Britain.

The UK government is only prepared to offer an exemption covering plastic bottles and drinks cans.

Humza Yousaf hopes the UK government will listen to Holyrood and provide that wider exemption.

But there seems to be no chance of that happening by Monday.

If the scheme is dropped, supporters of the Scottish government will argue it is the result of an attack on devolution itself and the rights of the Scottish parliament,

But critics will say the problem could have been foreseen.

Another of the conditions placed on the scheme was the insurance of "interoperability" between the Scottish scheme and the anticipated English DRS, which is intended to launch in October 2025.

The first minister conceded the ability for the schemes to work together where possible would be "desirable", but added that the UK government was "unable to provide the operational details required to allow the schemes to be interoperable" due to it being at such an early stage.

"Businesses need certainty and they need it now - not in two years time when the UK government scheme potentially, hopefully launches," he added.

"The UK government has significantly undermined the clarity and certainty that businesses unanimously tell us they need."

Mr Yousaf also pointed out that the UK government had intended to include glass in the English DRS from 2019 right up until March 2022 - two years after regulations were passed by the Scottish Parliament.

"We planned our scheme on this basis," he said.

The first minister added that as late as January 2023, the UK government confirmed that it was for devolved governments to decide the scope of their DRS.

"The Welsh government's stated intention has been to include glass in their DRS, meaning that it is the English scheme which is out of step with the design of other UK schemes," Mr Yousaf said.

The first minister asked for a response from Downing Street by Monday to allow for the issue to be discussed by the Scottish Cabinet the following day and to update Holyrood.

The DRS would see customers given money back by returning empty bottles

The Scotland Office said it would respond to the first minister's letter in due course, with a spokeswoman adding: "The government remains unwavering in its commitment to improving the environment while also upholding the UK's internal market.

"The drinks industry has raised concerns about the Scottish government's DRS differing from plans in the rest of the UK, resulting in the Scottish government reviewing and pausing their scheme earlier this year.

"We have listened to these concerns and that is why we have accepted the Scottish government's request for a UK internal market (UKIM) exclusion on a temporary and limited basis to ensure the Scottish government's scheme aligns with planned schemes for the rest of the UK."

The spokeswoman added: "Deposit return schemes need to be consistent across the UK and this is the best way to provide a simple and effective system.

"A system with the same rules for the whole UK will increase recycling collection rates and reduce litter - as well as minimise disruption to the drinks industry and ensure simplicity for consumers."

A spokesman for Scotland's DRS administrator said: "Circularity Scotland, our members and business and industry partners have invested around £300m to develop a deposit return scheme and have done so at no cost to the taxpayer.

"This scheme will be ready to launch in March 2024 and will be a platform for a scaled-up and interoperable pan-UK scheme.

"We urge both governments to urgently get round the table and agree a pathway for integrated and harmonised deposit return schemes across the UK.

"Without this agreement, investment and public confidence will be seriously damaged, jeopardising credibility for investment in any future major environmental projects."

Scottish Conservative MSP Maurice Golden said: "Issuing this ultimatum is a cynical and transparent attempt to create a constitutional spat to divert attention from another unravelling SNP-Green policy.

"The reality is that DRS has been an utter shambles from the start - and nationalist ministers only applied for an internal market act exemption at the very last minute.

"Retailers have no confidence that the SNP-Greens can deliver the efficient recycling system that we all want to see."

Terri Harris (bottom left) and her children John Bennett (top left) and Lacey Bennett (bottom right) were killed along with Lacey's friend Connie Gent (top right)

An inquest will be held to examine wider issues around how a man murdered a mother and three children after being given a suspended prison sentence.

Damien Bendall killed his pregnant partner Terri Harris and her two children, along with another child, at a home in Killamarsh in Derbyshire.

A review into how he was assessed and managed by probation officers found failings "at every stage".

However, the inquest will also look at issues beyond this.

"There is potential for the inquest to be led by the probation report," coroner Peter Nieto said.

"I want to avoid the inquest simply being a re-run of the report."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Killamarsh murders: Footage shows arrest of man who murdered four

Mr Nieto was speaking at a pre-inquest review, held at Chesterfield Coroner's Court on Tuesday.

During the hearing, he listed several issues that are likely to be examined when a full inquest is held at a later date. These include:

Police found Ms Harris and the three children dead at the house in Chandos Crescent

Bendall was given a suspended sentence for arson just three months before the murders in September 2021.

If he had been sent to prison instead, he would not have been able to kill Ms Harris, her 13-year-old son John Bennett, 11-year-old daughter Lacey Bennett, and Lacey's 11-year-old friend Connie Gent.

He used a claw hammer to murder his victims, and he also raped Lacey.

According to an independent Serious Further Offence (SFO) review, probation failings began in June 2021, when Bendall was assessed by a probation officer prior to being sentenced for arson.

The probation officer wrote a pre-sentence report to help the judge decide the most suitable sentence. However, the officer was "relatively inexperienced" and the quality of the report was "very poor", according to the review.

For example, the significant level of violence used by Bendall during his previous offending was "not sufficiently examined".

His previous convictions comprised a robbery in 2010, which left the victim unconscious, using a knife during an attempted robbery in 2015, and attacking three prison officers in 2016, which left one needing surgery and months of physical rehabilitation.

Damien Bendall admitted four murders and the rape of 11-year-old Lacey

The judge, Jason Taylor QC, gave Bendall a 17-month custodial sentence but suspended it for two years, and gave him a five-month curfew so that he was tagged and could not leave Ms Harris's home at certain times.

The judge told Bendall: "I do not think for a second that you are going to come back to court. I really hope now you have turned [over] a new leaf and I hope you can carry on with the new chapter in your life."

The report into the probation service's handling of Bendall said: "Had DB's [Damien Bendall's] risk of serious harm to the public and children been correctly assessed as high, and had his risk of serious harm to partners been correctly assessed as medium, the court may not have curfewed him to an address with Ms Harris and her children."

Bendall was given a whole-life order for the murders and rape in December, meaning he will never be released.

The coroner has not set a date for the inquest, but indicated it could take place in September.

Another pre-inquest review could also be held before then.

A Ministry of Justice spokesperson said: "These were appalling crimes. The Chief Probation Officer has apologised to the victims' families for the unacceptable failings in this case and disciplinary action has been taken against two members of staff.

"The extra funding of £155m a year we have put into the Probation Service is being used to recruit thousands more front-line staff and to ensure domestic abuse and child safeguarding checks are always carried out before any offender in any case is given a curfew.

"The Probation Service has also improved information sharing with police and councils, so no family is put at such significant risk again."

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, on Twitter, or on Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Activists threw orange paper petals and jigsaw pieces on the court

Three people have been charged after climate change protesters disrupted two matches at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships.

On Wednesday, Just Stop Oil activists stopped two contests taking place on court 18 by throwing orange paper petals and jigsaw pieces on the court.

The Met Police said three people had been charged with aggravated trespass.

They have been released on bail to appear at City of Westminster Magistrates court on 7 August.

Two of the games on court 18 were disrupted

Two protesters halted the match between Grigor Dimitrov and Sho Shimabukuro at about 14:10 BST, then another activist targeted a later match between Katie Boulter and Daria Saville.

The Met said Deborah Wilde, 68, of Wood Green, Simon Milner-Edwards, 66, of Manchester, and William Ward, 66, of Surrey were the people who have been charged.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The UK's car sector could disappear unless the government follows the US and EU in helping with the switch to electric, an industry veteran says.

It was "probable" car firms would leave the UK without a huge subsidy package similar to the billions in support the US is providing, Andy Palmer said.

The sector is facing the "last throw of the dice", Mr Palmer added, who has had senior jobs at Nissan and Aston Martin.

The chancellor has said the UK will not go "toe-to-toe" with the US and EU.

Jeremy Hunt told the Times newspaper that the UK's approach to attract investment would be "better".

Mr Palmer is now chairman of electric battery firm InoBat, but has previously worked as chief operating officer at Nissan and is a former chief executive of Aston Martin.

He told the BBC's Today programme that the UK was "managing decline" in its car-making industry, but had a "last opportunity" to boost the sector and jobs in the move to electric vehicles.

However, he warned huge subsidy packages were needed for UK-based companies, similar to such schemes announced in the US and being consulted on currently by the EU.

If such schemes are not created, Mr Palmer said, it was "not only possible, it's probable" that car manufacturers currently based in the UK would leave and go elsewhere.

"You are into a period of either you compete... or you manage the decline of the British industry down to fundamentally next to zero," he said.

"We have the last throw of the dice in order to bring back some part of that industry, if we don't then we have to look for alternative employments for the 820,000 people."

The warning comes after the US announced the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA), which offers billions of dollars in subsidies and tax credits to US businesses producing greener technologies, including electric vehicles, renewable electricity and sustainable aviation fuel.

The EU has responded with plans for a Net Zero Industry Act to increase its subsidies for green industry.

The UK government told the BBC officials were engaging with the US administration "to address serious concerns" about the IRA, as well as talking to other countries across the world "who are similarly affected".

The government said it would "continue to robustly defend the interests of UK industry".

The latest comments come after Mr Hunt said the UK would not go toe-to-toe with its allies and get involved what he called "some distortive global subsidy race".

"Our approach will be different - and better," Mr Hunt said. "With the threat of protectionism creeping its way back into the world economy, the long-term solution is not subsidy but security."

We are going to be hearing a lot about the US Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) in the coming months.

Today, the chancellor wrote sceptically about it, saying that the UK would not engage in a trade war on green subsidies.

Some in the industries involved are deeply concerned that the US is cornering markets for once-in-a-generation investments which will transform the geography of manufacturing across the world.

A similar strategy is also being tried in both the US and EU for restoring the production of critical microchips from East Asia.

The UK's role in this changing world is unclear. The chancellor told MPs on Wednesday that the UK's full response to IRA would be made in full after the EU responded. Andy Palmer's response about the entire industry under threat without "a British Inflation Reduction Act" shows how significant the stakes are.

The car industry is undergoing a massive transformation as governments across the world look to move away from using fossil fuels, meaning traditional petrol and diesel vehicle combustion engines are to become a thing of the past.

A part of plans to cut carbon emissions, the government has said sales of new petrol and diesel cars will be banned in the UK by 2030.

But there are concerns that firms are not getting enough state support in the journey to electric cars becoming mainstream.

In recent years, Honda has closed its Swindon car plant, with the loss of about 3,500 jobs. However, BMW is understood to preparing to invest up to £600m in its Mini plant in Cowley, Oxford, for building electric models, though no final decision has been announced.

In December last year, the number of new cars made in the UK sank to its lowest level since 1956, but in February car production rose 13.1% on the same month in 2022.

The SMMT said Britain had a "firm foundation" for expanding the production of electric vehicles, but warned "we must not squander these advantages".

The government said it was providing support through existing schemes.

It said Nissan and Envision investing £1bn to create an electric vehicle factory in Sunderland was an example of car manufacturers "choosing the UK thanks to our competitive investment environment".

But Mr Palmer, who played a role in the launch of the Nissan Leaf car, said firms were "bound to look at where the biggest subsidies are coming from" while making investment decisions.

"If you're not prepared to compete, then you'll have to start managing decline," he said.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Why is it raining so much and when will it stop?

Heavy rain left some Welsh businesses cancelling Easter bookings - leaving them out-of-pocket instead of in-the-money.

The holiday is a big income generator for tourism but some firms had to close entirely because of the weather.

Others less badly hit were still left having to partially shut down because of flooding.

Weather presenter Derek Brockway said March had been especially wet across Pembrokeshire and south Wales.

And there are indications April could bring more rain yet.

Heritage Coast Campsite, in Monknash, Vale of Glamorgan, had to shut and refund customers who had booked stays there.

Owner Philippa George said: "It's not just that it rained, it would've been miserable for people to camp there. The ground is sodden.

"We don't want our guests' memories of their holiday to be miserable.

"We're hoping to reopen on 12 April, but it isn't looking any better at the moment. So we have to make the hard decision on whether to leave it until May."

Phillipa George said Heritage Coast Campsite had to shut and refund customers who had booked

"If you drive any campervans or cars there it's going to be a mud bath, which affects people coming later in the year as well," she said.

Caroline Dadd, visitor programmes manager at the National Dyffryn Gardens, in Vale of Glamorgan, said business had been "challenging".

She said: "We had to invest in matting for the car park because the ground conditions were so poor.

"We were able to fit everyone in the car park over the weekend but only just because the weather dried out on the Saturday and Sunday."

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Derek Brockway - weatherman This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

A spokesman for GYG Karting, in Cerrigydrudion, Conwy, said the weather had been "quite negative".

They added: "Bookings are quieter for this time of year due to people waiting to see what the weather is doing.

"I don't know if it's all weather-related, it could be because of the recession.

"It has been quite negative for us, as we've had less bookings than usual."

Business at Dyffryn Gardens had been "challenging"

Richard Workman, director of Shell Island Holiday Park in Llanbedr, Gwynedd, said: "Easter is the first big income you get for the year.

"You rely on a good Easter to generate the income that you have spent over the winter period on renovations and paying the bills.

"We dropped our capacity down to about 75% this Easter, we have still got areas that are flooded on low level grounds.

"The tractor has spent most of the weekend towing cars off."

Sophia Christou of Bay5 Coffee House in Barry, Vale of Glamorgan, said her Easter had been "reasonable".

"We've had such a long rainy period now that whenever we get a glimmer of sun people are like 'right, let's make a day of it'," she said.

Bay5 Coffee House's Sophia Christou said her Easter had been "reasonable"

Llanfair Slate Caverns' Rob Owen said the business had bucked the trend.

He said: "It's given us a boost as we're an indoor attraction. We're up a bit on Easter last year."

Emma McClarkin, chief executive of the Welsh Beer and Pub Association, said that the cut in business rates discount in Wales has meant businesses are struggling already and the weather makes it worse.

"We need to everything to support the tourism, we had a business rates discount that was 75% and that's been cut in Wales to 40%.

"There's a lot of businesses that are really going to be struggling with the cost of doing business right now.

"We need to lean in, and the the government needs to lean in, to ensure the help and support so we can hopefully continue trading throughout the rest of the year and see the sun come back and boost our tourism."

BBC Wales weather presenter Derek Brockway said Wales had a wet March especially in parts of the south and Pembrokeshire.

Cardiff had almost double its average March rainfall with 167mm (6.5in), he said, while Crymych, in Pembrokeshire recorded 290mm.

The meteorologist said: "It's been very wet in Swansea too with over 200% of the average rainfall on Mumbles Head.

"Parts of mid and north Wales were less wet, but rainfall was still above average with 138mm of rain in Bodelwyddan and 109mm in Trawsgoed."

He added that rainfall had generally been above average in Wales over the last nine months.

Climate change, he said, could be playing a part.

"February was the warmest on record and warmer air holds more moisture so when it does rain, it rains harder with our winters becoming milder and wetter with less snow and frost," he added.

Weatherman Derek Brockway said Cardiff had almost double its average March rainfall

And Wales could be facing more rain yet.

"April is likely to be another wetter than average month with further rain and showers," said Derek.

Chloe Mitchell had been missing since last weekend

A murder investigation has been launched following the discovery of suspected human remains during searches for a missing woman in Ballymena.

Chloe Mitchell was last seen in the County Antrim town between the night of 2 June and the early hours of 3 June.

A huge search operation has been taking place in an attempt to find the 21-year-old.

On Sunday night, Det Ch Insp Richard Millar said police now had reason to believe she was murdered.

"Our thoughts this evening are very much with Chloe's family and we have specialist officers providing them with support at this heart-breaking time," he said.

He added the remains had not yet been formally identified.

Two men, aged 26 and 34, who were earlier arrested over her disappearance remain in police custody.

The 34-year-old was arrested in Ballymena on Saturday, while the 26-year-old was arrested in Lurgan in County Armagh on Thursday.

On Saturday afternoon, police were granted a further 36 hours to question the 26-year-old.

Forensic teams have been seen entering a house in James Street

Forensic teams were seen entering a house in James Street in Ballymena on Sunday evening.

The property had been sealed off by police for a number of days.

On Friday, Ms Mitchell's brother, Phillip Mitchell, said he was broken by her disappearance and appealed for information.

At that stage, police had described her as a "high-risk missing person".

A prayer vigil for Ms Mitchell was held at Harryville Presbyterian Church on Sunday evening.

On Saturday, police said they were increasingly concerned for the young woman's safety and renewed their appeal for information.

Extensive searches had been carried out to try to find Ms Mitchell.

On Sunday the Community Rescue Service (CRS) said it had completed all search areas as requested.

In a statement it added: "The CRS would like to thank the people of Ballymena, those who live and work in the Harryville area and especially Chloe's family and friends for their exceptional support during our operations."

The MP for the area, Ian Paisley, said he was "deeply saddened and disturbed".

"This is heartbreaking news for Chloe's family and friends and will shadow the town of Ballymena with sadness," he said.

"The family have stated they are broken. No one can understand just how deep that break is."

Mr Paisley said he understood the police would hold a press conference on Monday.

Sanna Marin was pleased with her party's performance but it was Petteri Orpo's night

"We got the biggest mandate," said the leader of the National Coalition Party, after a dramatic night in which the result gradually swung away from Ms Marin's Social Democrats.

Mr Orpo secured 20.8% of the vote, ahead of the right-wing populist Finns Party and the centre left.

It is a bitter defeat for Ms Marin, who increased her party's seats and secured 19.9% of the vote.

She continues to enjoy high poll ratings and has been widely praised for steering Finland towards imminent entry into Nato and navigating her country through the Covid-19 pandemic.

Shortly after the conservative leader claimed victory, the centre-left leader conceded the election.

"Congratulations to the winner of the elections, congratulations to the National Coalition Party, congratulations to the Finns Party. Democracy has spoken," she told supporters.

For weeks the three parties had been almost level in the polls, and as the results came in it became too close to call. Then a projection from public broadcaster YLE gave Petteri Orpo's National Coalition victory with the biggest number of seats in parliament.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Petteri Orpo, who must now form a majority coalition, speaks after election win

"I think Finnish people want change. They want change and now I will start negotiations, open negotiations with all parties," he said.

There was a mood of euphoria in the camp, said Matti Koivisto, political correspondent with public broadcaster YLE. "When they saw the projection, it was quite clear they were going to win."

Finns Party leader Riikka Purra congratulated her centre-right rival and was herself delighted with the best result in her party's history.

"We're still challenging to be number one, but seven more seats is an excellent result."

The Finns underlined their success by winning more regions than any other party in mainland Finland. Riikka Purra won more votes than any other candidate and commentators highlighted her party's appeal to young voters by reaching out over social media such as TikTok.

Meanwhile, three of the other parties in the outgoing coalition - the Centre Party, Left Alliance and Greens - all rang up big losses.

Now 37, Sanna Marin became the world's youngest leader when she burst on to the political scene in 2019. She headed a coalition of five parties, all led by women.

Despite her successful response to neighbouring Russia's invasion of Ukraine, the election was largely fought on Finland's economy and public debt as all the mainstream parties backed Nato membership. Finland officially becomes Nato's 31st member on Tuesday.

Many Finns see Ms Marin as a polarising figure. She came under heavy scrutiny last year when a video emerged of her singing, dancing and drinking at a party. Supporters said the controversy was steeped in sexism and women across Finland and the world shared videos of themselves dancing in solidarity.

Petteri Orpo by contrast has none of Sanna Marin's "rock-star" qualities, says YLE's Matti Koivisto.

"He's a career politician. He's been in the game since the 1990s and he's quite stable and calm. There is criticism that maybe he's too dull and calm, but it also works quite well in Finland."

The conservatives will have the first opportunity in forming a government, and if they succeed, Mr Orpo, 53, will become the next prime minister.

Under an Orpo-led government, Europe could expect a pro-European conservative from the liberal centre of his party with an emphasis on economic policy.

Less exciting than Sanna Marin and very moderate, says Vesa Vares, professor of contemporary history at the University of Turku: "A sort of dream son-in-law."

Under Finland's system of proportional representation he will have to muster more than 100 seats in the 200-seat parliament to run the country, and that will not be straightforward.

Mr Orpo really has two choices ahead of him, either forming a right-wing coalition with Riikka Purra's nationalist Finns Party or reaching an agreement with Sanna Marin's Social Democrats.

"The Finns are a very difficult partner because they're so inexperienced and they have MPs who are discontented towards almost anything," says Prof Vares.

"The most natural thing would be to co-operate with the Social Democrats. But [Sanna Marin] used to belong to her party's left wing and it's obvious she doesn't like the conservatives."

Politics researcher Jenni Karimaki of the University of Helsinki also points out that Ms Marin has been reluctant to say what her aspirations are.

The Social Democrats have mixed feelings, she says, because while they increased their seats in parliament, they were unable to become the biggest party and renew their premiership.

"But Finnish political culture is known for its flexibility. They are known for their ability to negotiate and form compromises."

An armed man wearing a devil mask was stopped from entering a strip club in Tampa, Florida, on Sunday.

CCTV shows security guards fighting off and disarming the man, who was carrying a loaded gun in one hand and a flashlight in the other, according to police.

Tampa Police Department Interim Chief Lee Bercaw said there was "no question in my mind" the security guards had prevented a mass shooting.

Officers, who took the man into custody, said they found two additional full magazines in his pocket and more ammunition, knives and firearm holsters in his truck.

There is "no drama" over whether the public swear allegiance to the King during his Coronation, the Archbishop of Canterbury has said.

Guests watching the service will be invited to join "a chorus of millions" to swear allegiance in the service led by Justin Welby.

The "homage of the people", revealed on Saturday by Lambeth Palace, is a new addition to the ancient ceremony.

But campaign group Republic called it "nonsense" and "offensive".

Speaking to the BBC News, the archbishop reiterated the oath was "an invitation; it's not a command".

The King held an audience with the Archbishop of Canterbury ahead of Saturday's Coronation

"In every Anglican service, every Christian service, it is normal for congregations to participate," he said.

"It's an invitation - so if you want to join in at this point, by all means do so.

"If you don't want to, that's fine. There's no drama to it."

Asked about some newspaper reports suggesting he had gone "rogue", the archbishop insisted the service had been a "huge, collaborative [with Buckingham Palace and the Cabinet Office] and very lovely process".

The full details of the Westminster Abbey service were published by Lambeth Palace over the weekend, including that the theme of the service will be "called to serve".

The public will be given an active role in the ceremony for the first time as they are invited to swear allegiance to the King in a "great cry around the nation and around the world".

This "homage of the people" will replace the traditional "homage of peers" - where hereditary peers swear allegiance to the new monarch.

While reading out the oath, the archbishop will call upon "all persons of goodwill in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and of the other realms and the territories to make their homage, in heart and voice, to their undoubted King, defender of all".

The order of service will read: "All who so desire, in the abbey, and elsewhere, say together:

"I swear that I will pay true allegiance to Your Majesty, and to your heirs and successors, according to law. So help me God."

The oath will be followed by the sound of a fanfare.

The Archbishop of Canterbury will then proclaim: "God Save The King", and those willing will be asked to respond: "God Save King Charles. Long live King Charles. May the King live forever."

Graham Smith, spokesman for Republic which campaigns for replacing the monarchy with an elected head of state, said: "In a democracy it is the head of state who should be swearing allegiance to the people, not the other way around.

"This kind of nonsense should have died with Elizabeth I, not outlived Elizabeth II."

A court sketch of Jack Teixeira's appearance in federal court on Friday

The US airman accused of leaking confidential intelligence and defence documents has been officially charged in a court appearance in Boston.

Jack Teixeira, 21, wore shackles and a prison uniform as he stood before a federal judge on Friday.

After a shout of "love you, Jack" from a person in the courtroom, the defendant replied "you too, dad".

Mr Teixeira faces up to 15 years in prison over charges of unauthorised transmission of defence information.

He is also charged with the unauthorised removal and retention of classified documents.

The airman faces up to 10 years in prison for the first charge, and up to five years in prison for the second.

The dozens of leaked documents had revealed US assessments of the war in Ukraine as well as sensitive secrets about American allies.

The leaks embarrassed Washington and raised fresh questions over the security of classified information.

Mr Teixeira was arrested by armed FBI agents at his family home in Massachusetts on Thursday.

The judge ruled that the suspect qualifies for a public defender - a lawyer employed at public expense in a criminal trial for people who cannot afford legal fees.

US President Joe Biden thanked law enforcement in a statement for their "rapid action" to investigate the source of the leaks. He said he has directed US military and intelligence to secure and limit distribution of any more sensitive information.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: How damaging are these latest US intelligence leaks?

The leaked intelligence material first appeared in a Discord chat room on which Mr Teixeira is said to have been an administrator. Its members would often discuss geopolitical affairs and wars.

The affidavit provided by FBI Special Agent Patrick Lueckenhoff to the court stated that the suspect began posting the leaked documents some time in December.

The initial leaks were in the form of paragraphs of text, according to the affidavit, but Mr Teixeira then moved on to posting photographs of documents in January.

It was not until intelligence material was posted outside the chat room group that Pentagon officials became aware of the leak, prompting a search for the culprit.

Mr Teixeira worked as an IT specialist in the intelligence wing of the Massachusetts National Guard, based at Otis Air National Guard Base in western Cape Cod.

The National Guard is a reservist wing of the US Air Force. They are not employed full-time in the military, but can be deployed when necessary.

Mr Teixeira's official title was cyber defence operations journeyman, according to the criminal complaint filed in the Boston court. He held the rank of Airman 1st Class - a relatively junior position.

The affidavit stated that Mr Teixeira held a "top secret" security clearance since 2021, and that he would have "signed a lifetime binding non-disclosure agreement" to take on his role.

Mr Luekenoff added the suspect "would have had to acknowledge that the unauthorized disclosure of protected information could result in criminal charges".

The affidavit also alleged that Mr Teixeira used his government computer to search classified intelligence reporting for the word "leak" on 6 April - the day when public reporting about the documents first emerged.

Prosecutors alleged that Mr Teixeira searched the term to learn whether US intelligence had information on the identity of the person behind the leaks.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Congressman Hines: 'It was the lowest of low-tech leaks'

Heather Armstrong, who found success in the 2000s documenting the ups and downs of motherhood on her blogging website Dooce, has died at the age of 47.

Her boyfriend Pete Ashdown told the Associated Press (AP) he had found her on Tuesday night in their Utah home.

The "queen of mommy blogging" wrote frequently about her children, relationships and personal struggles.

At the height of its popularity, her Dooce website received more than eight million visitors a month, reports Vox.

That was in 2009 - the same year Ms Armstrong was named in Forbes' annual list of the 30 most influential women in media.

Ms Armstrong founded Dooce in the early 2000s as a place to discuss work, sex and leaving the Mormon church.

The site's name came from an inside joke about how she was unable to spell out the word "dude" quickly in online chats, according to the AP and New York Times.

In 2002, Ms Armstrong was fired from her job as a web designer in Los Angeles after the blog - in which she gave colleagues nicknames like That One Co-worker Who Manages to Say Something Stupid Every Time He Opens His Mouth - was found to be hers.

Her firing, and the reason for it, ignited a public debate about privacy - and boosted traffic to her blog.

The site restarted six months later as a different kind of blog after she became pregnant. Embracing honesty in her writing, Ms Armstrong detailed her children's temper tantrums, her mental health challenges, and her struggles with alcoholism and postpartum depression.

According to an estimate quoted in the Wall Street Journal, by 2009, the blog may have generated $40,000 (£32,000) a month in revenue from paid advertising.

Ms Armstrong turned her success into a strong social media presence and three books, including the 2009 memoir It Sucked and then I Cried: How I Had a Baby, a Breakdown and a Much Needed Margarita.

According to the book, she suffered chronic depression throughout her life and it was not treated until she got to college.

A caption on a Dooce Instagram page on Wednesday announcing her death said: "Hold your loved ones close and love everyone else."

Mr Ashdown told the AP that his partner had been sober for more than 18 months but had recently had a relapse. He said she had taken her own life.

Ms Armstrong is survived by her ex-husband Jon; her children Leta, 19 and Marlo, 14; as well as Mr Ashdown and his three children from a previous marriage.

Deputy PM Dominic Raab has paid his own legal fees during an investigation into allegations he bullied officials.

Mr Raab's spokesman said it was "not an option" for his legal representation to be paid by the government.

This is despite taxpayers footing the bill for Boris Johnson's lawyers in the Partygate inquiry, which so far runs to £220,000.

Downing Street is facing questions about why Mr Johnson is getting government support.

Rishi Sunak's spokesman said the former prime minister was being investigated over government business when he was a minister.

He argued that this was different to Mr Raab's case and meant that Mr Johnson was entitled to government support under an "established process".

The PM's spokesman denied both men were being investigated over their behaviour and were therefore subject to the same rules.

Mr Johnson - whose legal team is headed by top barrister Lord Pannick KC - is facing claims he deliberately lied to Parliament over Covid-rule breaking in Downing Street when he was prime minister.

The Commons Privileges Committee is currently deciding whether he is guilty of a contempt of Parliament. Mr Johnson was last month grilled for nearly four hours by the committee, with a lawyer at his side.

Mr Raab is under investigation over eight formal complaints about his behaviour as foreign secretary, Brexit secretary and during his first stint as justice secretary.

He has denied allegations of bullying and said he has always "behaved professionally" - but has previously said he would resign if the inquiry finds against him.

The bullying probe is being carried out by lawyer Adam Tolley KC, who was appointed by Mr Sunak in November.

Mr Tolley's report is expected to land on the prime minister's desk shortly. He will then decide - based on the evidence in it - whether Mr Raab has broken the ministerial code and must be sacked.

News that Mr Raab had paid for his own legal advice was included in a much-delayed update to the register of ministerial interests, published by the government in the wake of controversy over Mr Sunak's financial transparency.

Mr Raab's entry in the register reads: "The minister has engaged lawyers at his own expense in relation to the investigation being conducted by Adam Tolley KC."

Ministers are meant to register shareholdings, directorships, investments or any other financial arrangement that could lead to a conflict of interest.

It is unusual for a minister to declare an expense on the register, as Mr Raab has done.

A Cabinet Office source said ministers can also use the register to declare "anything that is relevant to their work as a minister".

Steve Mackey with Jarvis Cocker at the premiere of Pulp, a documentary about the Sheffield indie band, in 2014

Pulp bassist Steve Mackey has died at the age of 56, his family has confirmed.

The Sheffield musician played on hits including Common People, Disco 2000 and Lipgloss, after joining Pulp in 1989.

His wife Katie posted a message to social media on Thursday, saying he had been in hospital for the past three months with an undisclosed illness.

"We are shocked and devastated to have said goodbye to my brilliant, beautiful husband," she added.

"Steve was the most talented man I knew, an exceptional musician, producer, photographer and filmmaker.

"As in life, he was adored by everyone whose paths he crossed in the multiple creative disciplines he conquered.

"I would like to express my heartfelt thanks to all the NHS staff who worked tirelessly for Steve. He will be missed beyond words."

This Instagram post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original post on Instagram The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip instagram post by steve__mackey This article contains content provided by Instagram. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Meta’s Instagram cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Pulp posted their own tribute shortly afterwards, informing fans that their "beloved" bass player had passed away on Thursday morning.

They shared a photograph of the musician from their 2012 tour, spending a day off in the snow-capped Andes.

"We had a day off and Steve suggested we go climbing," the band said. "So we did and it was a completely magical experience.

"Far more magical than staring at the hotel wall all day (which is probably what we'd have done otherwise).

"Steve made things happen, in his life and in the band. We'd very much like to think that he's back in those mountains now, on the next stage of his adventure."

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Pulp This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Rock band Arcade Fire also paid tribute, posting: "Steve you were one of the most beautiful people we've ever met, a true friend. Thank you for letting us spend time in your presence, and for believing in the spirit of music with such ferocity."

Singer MIA described him as a "great mentor", adding: "Forever glad to have worked with you and thank you."

Model Kate Moss posted: "Steve. Gone too soon, rest in peace." Another friend, actress Patsy Kensit, wrote: "Such a great man. Devastated."

Pulp are due to go back on tour this summer for a series of reunion shows.

Mackey chose not to take part in the concerts, telling fans he had decided to concentrate on his "music, filmmaking and photography projects" instead.

Massive Attack, another British act who enjoyed success in the 1990s, paid tribute by sharing a black and white image of Mackey, while quoting a lyric from his band's track Sorted For E's & Wizz.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post 2 by Massive Attack This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The musician was born in Sheffield in 1966, and attended school with another Pulp alumnus, Richard Hawley.

He joined the band in 1989 - a decade into its career - and first appeared on their third album Separations.

After signing to Island Records in the early 1990s, the band hit the big time with classic albums including His 'N' Hers and Different Class, with frontman Jarvis Cocker becoming one of the most beloved characters of the Britpop era.

Speaking to Pulp's official website in 1996, Mackey said he'd enjoyed the rollercoaster ride of fame.

"I think if you are in a band that are popular then you might as well enjoy it." he said.

"That's what we always wanted to do and I don't think there is anything wrong with being silly. You'd be throwing away a bit of a golden opportunity - you might as well be a librarian all of your life."

This YouTube post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original video on YouTube The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. YouTube content may contain adverts. Skip youtube video by PulpVEVO This article contains content provided by Google YouTube. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Google’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. YouTube content may contain adverts.

After the band went on hiatus in 2002, Mackey co-wrote and produced songs for artists including MIA (Galang, Sunshowers), Florence + The Machine (Kiss With A Fist) and Arcade Fire (Everything Now).

He also played a cameo in the 2005 film Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, as one of The Weird Sisters - a rock band that also featured Jarvis Cocker and Radiohead musicians Jonny Greenwood and Phil Selway.

Pulp are scheduled to play a string of festivals in summer 2023, including Isle of Wight, Latitude and Trnsmt.

He also photographed and directed campaign images and motion advertising for many leading brands including Miu Miu, Marc Jacobs and Armani.

Mackey teamed up with Pulp again for their 2012 reunion; and also co-curated London's Frieze Art Fair for a number of years in the 2000s.

He married stylist and magazine founder, Katie Grand, in 2009. Mackey also leaves a son, Marley, who was born in 1996.

Follow us on Facebook or on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.

A pregnant cow had to be rescued after falling down an embankment near Kilmuir on the Isle of Skye.

Firefighters from Skye, Kyle of Lochalsh and Inverness along with vets went to the aid of the animal and its unborn calf.

The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service sent three fire appliances and a heavy rescue unit to the scene at Bornisketaig.

Animal rescue techniques developed by experts at University of Glasgow and vets were used to save the cow.

Station commander Nick Nethercott said: "The rescue took several hours and the animal was handed into the care of the farmer.

"I am pleased to say that the cow is at home in her barn and recovering well with her calf who made its arrival over the weekend."

The rescue was carried out last Thursday.

Three teachers and a 14-year-old pupil have been injured in a disturbance at Johnstone High School in Renfrewshire.

Police were called at about 10:45 after a former pupil entered the school.

Three female teachers aged 59, 48 and 34 were taken to the Royal Alexandra Hospital in Paisley with minor injuries to be checked over. The 14-year-old pupil also suffered minor injuries.

Police said a 16-year-old girl had been charged and would be reported to the Scottish Children's Reporter.

A video showing a girl appearing to strike a teacher is circulating among pupils at the school. No weapons were involved in the incident.

Renfrewshire Council said the school continued to operate as normal and senior staff were providing any support needed to staff and pupils.

The parent of a Johnstone High pupil told BBC Scotland that there had been "ongoing issues with violence and vandalism over a number of months".

He added: "The toilets are now permanently closed to all pupils, as they have been completely vandalised and taken out of use on numerous occasions.

"I have total sympathy for the headteacher, who I believe does an excellent job in very difficult circumstance."

Earlier on Friday, the NASUWT teaching union said an increase in "challenging" behaviour in schools across the country since the pandemic meant teachers were often having to intervene in fights between pupils and called for more to be done to protect staff.

The union's Mike Corbett said: "While the full circumstances of this incident are yet to be made public, we have raised repeated concerns about the vulnerability of teachers to violence and verbal abuse from pupils.

"Teachers have reported to us that the prevalence of poor behaviour appears to have increased since the pandemic and that in too many cases they do not feel adequately protected at work."

Scotland's biggest teaching union, the EIS, has previously said it has received reports of rising numbers of violent incidents in schools.

Several social media videos of fights between pupils have also been highlighted in the media.

In November, teachers at Bannerman High in Glasgow announced 12 days of strike action over violent and abusive pupil behaviour.

The following month, teachers at a school in Aberdeen also voted in favour of industrial action over pupil violence against staff.

An accident on the A90, south of Stonehaven, caused delays

Dozens of schools have been closed as heavy snow causes problems in parts of Scotland.

All schools in Shetland have been shut due to the weather, as have more than 80 in Aberdeenshire. Almost all schools on Skye have either had to close or open later.

Some schools in Wester Ross and Sutherland were also affected.

The Met Office warned snow and ice could cause travel disruption in Scotland through to Friday night.

Many bus services have been delayed or cancelled, as commuters face difficult driving conditions.

In the north-east of Scotland, the snow gates were closed on the A93, the B974 and the B939.

Schools in areas including Aboyne, Alford, Banchory, Mintlaw, Turriff and Westhill were among those closed.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Aberdeen Airport ✈️ This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Aberdeen International Airport said there were only some minor delays after teams worked "flat-out" to get the runway operational.

Shetland's Sumburgh Airport saw some disruption after being closed in the morning due to snow but later reopened.

Snow-covered Aberdeen as seen from the air

Aberdeen City Council said there would be "continuous gritting".

The council said: "Please stay at home if possible as many roads are affected. There are cars stuck on roads which is impacting our gritter routes. Please take care."

Highland Council said heavy overnight snow had fallen to depths of 15cm (6in) across Skye and Lochalsh.

On Skye, the local authority said the drivers of service buses were forced to abandon their vehicles because of the conditions on the A855 at Uig and Staffin on Monday night.

The Cairngorm Mountain snowsports centre, near Aviemore, reported having had 35cm (14in) of fresh snow in the space of 24 hours.

Forecasters said Arctic air would bring the coldest temperatures of the year, and up to 40cm (15in) of snow could accumulate in the southern Highlands.

It was a case of spot the dog in this Aberdeen park

Aberdeen was covered in snow on Tuesday morning

A series of yellow "be aware" warnings have been issued.

The heaviest snowfalls are expected on Friday with the Highlands, Aberdeenshire and central and southern Scotland covered by warnings.

The cold conditions follow Scotland's third-mildest February on record, according to provisional statistics.

In January, an amber warning for snow was issued for the Highlands, Western Isles and Orkney and Shetland and the weather closed schools across the north of Scotland.

The famous carpet changed colour in Hollywood for this year's Oscars - it was described as champagne, instead of being the traditional red. But the glamour on show was the same as ever.

Cate Blanchett had the eighth Oscar nomination of her career. Her elegant blue velvet outfit featured a ribbon made by refugees as part of an initiative from the United Nations refugee agency.

Everything Everywhere All At Once star Michelle Yeoh, who arrived in a white fringe Dior gown accented with diamonds, beat Blanchett to the award for best actress.

Michelle Williams was also nominated for best actress - the fifth Oscar nod of her career - for playing Steven Spielberg's mother in The Fabelmans. She opted for an embellished white Chanel dress with a sheer overlay dotted with crystals.

Lady Gaga, who performed her song Hold My Hand from Top Gun: Maverick, arrived in a black Versace dress with a sheer corset bodice - which extended rather low.

Rihanna also sang at the ceremony, performing Lift Me Up from Black Panther: Wakanda Forever. Her Alaia outfit had leather straps and train, and more sheer mesh showing off her baby bump.

British actress Florence Pugh went for a ruffled statement gown accompanied by black shorts and platform shoes, plus a striking silver necklace and two-tone hair design.

Irish star Paul Mescal pulled off a 1970s vibe with his white Gucci tuxedo and flared trousers. He was nominated for best actor for Aftersun.

Jamie Lee Curtis won the first Oscar of her career, and sparkled in a crystal and sequin-embellished Dolce and Gabbana floor-length gown - which could be described as champagne-coloured. After the runway's colour change, she joked: "Their carpet is going to match my drapes."

She also posted a photo of herself with 16 people who helped make the dress - which she said was just part of the Italian team behind it.

Stephanie Hsu is Curtis' co-star in Everything Everywhere All At Once, and was also nominated for best supporting actress. She went for a coral classic Valentino ballgown.

Angela Bassett, who was nominated for best supporting actress for playing Queen Ramonda in Black Panther: Wakanda Forever, was wrapped in a royal shade of purple.

Ana de Armas, who was also up for best actress, for playing Marilyn Monroe in Blonde, went for a sparkling, simple bodice, flowing into frilled layers.

Dwayne Johnson said his daughters helped pick his outfit - a shiny pale pink tuxedo jacket by Dolce & Gabbana - while Emily Blunt had a minimalist all-white look with detached sleeves, by Valentino.

Brendan Fraser, accompanied by girlfriend Jeanne Moore, was named best actor for his comeback role in The Whale.

Cara Delevingne brought some red back to the carpet in a dramatic Elie Saab gown.

Halle Berry, in white satin Tamara Ralph with rose gold decoration, presented an award, 21 years after she won best actress.

Avengers and WandaVision star Elizabeth Olsen's black Givenchy halter neck design added a hint of gothic glamour to the classic black dress.

The Nobel Peace Prize laureate was at the ceremony as executive producer of Stranger at the Gate, which was nominated for best documentary short.

Zoe Saldana was among those representing Avatar: The Way of Water, which was nominated for four awards including best picture.

Her Avatar co-star Sigourney Weaver complemented the Oscars statuettes in her stylish and shining V-neck gold-and-white patterned dress.

M3gan actress Allison Williams' Giambattista Valli outfit included a sheer dress with floral-jewelled design and feathered hem, with a voluminous candy pink gown extension.

Top Gun: Maverick star Jennifer Connelly, who was also among the ceremony's presenters, wore a Louis Vuitton design that added a sparkling neck structure to simple, straight black.

Eva Longoria wore an eye-catching and intricately-jewelled Zuhair Murad design with ribbon detail from her neck.

The decision to change the red carpet after 62 years was made by a creative consultant, who explained that a "champagne" coloured carpet would help with "the change from daytime arrivals to an elegant evening setting".

In a reference to Will Smith's slap last year, host Jimmy Kimmel quipped beforehand: "I think the decision to go with a champagne carpet rather than a red carpet shows how confident we are that no blood will be shed."

Kyriakos Mitsotakis made clear he wanted to govern without the involvement of other parties

Greece's conservative prime minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis has won national elections, hailing his party's big victory as a "political earthquake".

His centre-right New Democracy party were heading for almost 41% of the vote, five seats short of a majority.

His centre-left rival Alexis Tsipras congratulated him, with his Syriza party set for a poor result of 20%.

Mr Mitsotakis said the result showed that Greeks had given his party a mandate for a four-year government.

"The people wanted the choice of a Greece run by a majority government and by New Democracy without the help of others," he said in a victory speech.

Hours earlier party supporters in Athens cheered as an exit poll indicated the unexpected scale of New Democracy's victory. As results emerged, it was clear that pre-election polls had underestimated the 20-point margin between the two main parties.

Mr Mitsotakis's party won 146 seats, five seats short of the 151 required for a majority. An interior ministry vote map showed all but one of Greece's electoral districts coloured in New Democracy blue.

The prime minister's remarks were taken as indication that he would not look to share power with another party but go for a second election in late June, when the winning party picks up bonus seats.

Greek President Katerina Sakellaropoulou will offer him a mandate to form a coalition, which he is likely to refuse. She will then pass it to the next two parties, and if that fails she will arrange a caretaker government until new elections.

The result was an immense setback for Syriza leader Alexis Tsipras, who described his party's performance as "extremely negative". He came to power in 2015 campaigning against the austerity of international bailouts, but ultimately agreed to creditors' demands.

The centre-right has governed Greece for the past four years, and can boast that the country's growth last year was close to 6%.

Mr Mitsotakis's pitch to the nation was that only he could be trusted to steer the Greek economy forward and consolidate recent growth. Greeks appear to have responded positively - more than expected.

Giorgos Adamopoulos, 47, voted for New Democracy a few hundred metres from the Acropolis in Athens.

Greece deserved a better form of politics, he told the BBC, but he backed Mr Mitsotakis because he was impressed with his record after four years as prime minister.

I think that he has a plan. In all my years of voting, it was the first time that I saw someone where with 80% of what he said, he did it

Four years ago winning 41% of the vote would have been enough to secure a majority in Greece's 300-seat parliament.

Now it requires more than 45%, because the winning party is no longer entitled to a 50-seat bonus in the first round, making a re-run more likely.

Mr Mitsotakis will have his eye on the extra seats he would be entitled to if he won the second election. An outright majority would give him four years in power with a cabinet of his choice.

If he were to seek coalition talks, then Syriza's socialist rival Pasok would be a potential partner, as one of the election's big winners with 11.5% of the vote.

But that would prove tricky as Pasok leader Nikos Androulakis was the target of a wiretap scandal last year.

It led to the resignations of a nephew of Mr Mitsotakis, who was working as the prime minister's chief of staff, and also of the head of Greek intelligence.

Mr Androulakis believes the prime minister was aware he was one of the dozens of people targeted with illegal spyware.

Mr Mitsotakis comes from one of Greece's most powerful political dynasties.

His father Konstantinos Mitsotakis was himself prime minister in the early 1990s; his sister Dora Bakoyannis was foreign minister and her son Kostas Bakoyannis is the current mayor of Athens.

In the end a rail tragedy in February that overshadowed the election campaign played no obvious role in the result.

Fifty-seven people died in the disaster, many of them students. Opposition parties highlighted the tragedy as a symptom of a dysfunctional state pared down to the bone after years of economic crisis and under-investment.

Greeks have the right to vote from the age of 17, and an initial analysis of voting by Greek TV suggested that 31.5% of voters aged 17-24 backed ND, almost three points higher than Syriza.

First-time voters Chrysanthi and Vaggelis, both 18, voted for Syriza because their generation wanted "something new, something different".

I think everyone deserves a second chance. [Tsipras] only had four years

Other than Pasok, the communist KKE party also increased their share of the vote.

But another casualty was former Syriza finance minister Yannis Varoufakis, whose MeRA25 party failed to qualify for parliament.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. WATCH: Police accountability must not take place "behind closed doors" says Baroness Lawrence

The Metropolitan Police has failed to change in the 30 years since the murder of her teenage son, Baroness Doreen Lawrence has told BBC News.

Weeks after a landmark report found evidence of continuing systemic racism, Baroness Lawrence said officers can be "as brutal as they want" without being held to account.

She told the BBC the findings of the Casey Review did not surprise her.

Black people are never seen as "people that should have justice", she added.

It is now 30 years since the murder of Stephen, and Baroness Lawrence sat down with me ahead of a memorial service for her son. She told me she had spoken to the Met's Commissioner Sir Mark Rowley and told him promises of change must be judged against the experience of the public.

Eighteen-year-old Stephen was killed in 1993 in an unprovoked racist attack by a gang at a bus stop in Eltham in south-east London. Two of his five suspected killers were jailed for murder nearly 20 years later.

The 1999 Macpherson Report into the failed investigation into Stephen's death found there had been "institutional racism" in the Metropolitan Police. The watershed report made 70 recommendations, many aimed at improving police attitudes to racism.

Twenty-four years on, Baroness Louise Casey's recent report once again found the force to be an institutionally racist organisation - as well as homophobic and misogynistic.

"I don't know how many more inquiries and how many reviews you need to have to say the same thing - and still no changes, and still denials," Baroness Lawrence says.

"Officers [are] able to be as brutal as they want, and nobody holds them to account."

Baroness Lawrence told me she did not believe she would ever see full justice for her son's murder. She says that without the family's constant pressure, even those two convictions in 2012 would not have happened.

"Within the black community, how we're treated, how crime's investigated, we're never seen as a group of people that should have justice," she says. "So everything that we've had, we've had to fight for - and continue to fight."

I have covered the Lawrence story since the 1990s and have watched and interviewed Doreen many times as she campaigned for justice for her son. The private person we will never know, but her public persona has changed considerably. Back then, she treated her encounters with the media as a necessary evil, her only means of keeping her family's cruel denial of justice in the public eye.

Day after day, during the Macpherson Inquiry hearings into the botched murder investigation, I would watch from the media pen as Doreen braced herself to run the gauntlet of the cameras waiting to catch her as she arrived. Her face was taut with the strain of daily exposure, and of having to relive, through the evidence, the tragedy that had befallen her - all in the full glare of publicity.

A private, guarded person, Doreen Lawrence was the most reluctant of figureheads, a bereaved mother who wore her grief heavily like armour, and who endured the spotlight only in the fervent hope of seeing her son's killers convicted - and the police exposed for their failings.

Thirty years later, Baroness Lawrence of Clarendon has lost none of her steel. But she is a more relaxed person, more comfortable in her public role, and with an easy warmth. There is no rest for her though, and perhaps there never will be.

The bus stop in Eltham, London, where Stephen Lawrence was attacked

Despite the 2012 convictions of David Norris and Gary Dobson, there are other suspects who are still free.

Then, there has been the fallout - Baroness Lawrence discovered that police officers were spying on her and her family - and right now, she is involved in a legal case against the publisher of the Daily Mail, alleging it was illicitly gathering information about her.

She says that as long as the police continue to deny they did anything wrong, there will be no change. "The reality is that they didn't do everything that they could - they allowed the perpetrators to go free."

Sir Mark Rowley, the Commissioner of the Met, has admitted that there are severe shortcomings, but that the Met is not the same force that it was 20 or 25 years ago.

"I think the public should be the judge of that and not him," Baroness Lawrence says.

She adds that she has heard "a lot of rhetoric" from the commissioner, "but unless we see the changes ourselves, we're never going to believe that".

When she met Sir Mark after the publication of the Casey report, she told him the public needed to see improvements for themselves.

"But over the past - in Stephen's case - 30 years, nothing much has changed," she says.

Will she ever stop campaigning? "You need to use your voice," she replies. But the burden of it remains. "I don't want to be constantly in the public eye… at the end of the day, I just want to be, just me and my family."

She feels that 30 years ago, society was not sufficiently shocked by Stephen's murder, and that although the Black Lives Matter movement has since "opened people's eyes up a little bit more", it has not led to permanent change.

She says she tries not to feel bitter, because that would affect her personally, but admits she feels "disappointed, upset, and at times I can be quite angry".

In 2018, Stephen's father, Neville Lawrence, said he had forgiven their son's killers as a way of helping him cope.

Baroness Lawrence feels that for her to do so, they would first need to admit to their crime. "But they've never owned up, and in their eyes, they've done nothing wrong."

Mr Lawrence has since said that their son's killers should confess before being considered for parole.

Baroness Lawrence continues to campaign for justice and racial equality and has set up the Stephen Lawrence Day Foundation to help young people achieve their ambitions.

In 2018, then-Prime Minister Theresa May announced a national day of commemoration would take place on 22 April - the day of Stephen's murder - every year.

The 30th anniversary will be marked by a private church service, as well as community events involving local schools, the Prince's Trust and the police cadets.

Privately, Baroness Lawrence will remember her son by laying flowers at the bus stop where he lost his life, as she does every year.

Thirty years after the murder of her son, Baroness Lawrence says police are still in denial.

The event at City Hall for Dáithí Mac Gabhann featured circus performers and superheroes

A six-year-old boy who successfully campaigned to change Northern Ireland's organ donation laws has become the youngest ever person to be awarded the freedom of Belfast.

Dáithí Mac Gabhann, who needs a heart transplant, was given the accolade at City Hall on Saturday.

The ceremony took place just days after Dáithí's Law came into effect.

It means most adults will be considered potential organ donors unless they opt-out or are in an excluded group.

The bill, which brings Northern Ireland into line with the rest of the UK, was delayed due to political stalemate at Stormont, but was later passed by MPs at Westminster in February.

The intent of the Organ and Tissue Donation (Deemed Consent) legislation is to increase the number of organs available to people in need of a transplant.

The special event at City Hall, which featured circus performers and superheroes, was designed around Dáithí passions.

Speaking before the ceremony Dáithí's father, Máirtín, said he was full of pride for his son.

Dáithí's father Máirtín Mac Gabhann said nobody deserved the accolade more

"Our Dáithí, he woke up this morning and we just heard from his room him singing: 'Freedom freedom freedom!'

"It's hard to put into words exactly how I feel but proud - beyond proud - and I'm sure that nobody deserves it more than our Dáithí for everything he's done for our society."

In a speech, Mr Mac Gabhann described his son as a symbol of hope, resilience and people power.

"To say that we proud of Dáithí would be an understatement," he told attendees at City Hall.

"His courage, resilience, and unwavering determination have shone brightly through the darkest of times.

"Dáithí's journey has been one of immense challenges, but he has faced them with a spirit that inspires us all."

Mr Mac Gabhann paid tribute to medical professionals, organ donors and their families who made the "ultimate selfless act" of giving life to others.

"May this recognition serve as a reminder to us all that the greatest power lies within us - the power to transform lives, to inspire change, and to create a world filled with compassion and love."

The sun was shining down on the massive circus tent set up in the grounds of Belfast City Hall in honour of six-year-old Dáithí.

Circus performers entertained guests before the arrival of the little boy who has met the prime minister and changed the law.

Dáithí meets other superheroes at the freedom of the city event on Saturday

A huge round of applause rang out as Dáithí was wheeled into the tent by his father Máirtín, and spirits were high throughout the show which featured comedy, magic and, of course, a special presentation to Dáithí with his own key to the city.

Everywhere I looked people were smiling, celebrating a young boy who has hopefully made life better for himself and countless others.

Lord Mayor of Belfast Tina Black said all councillors had backed the motion to give Dáithí the award, adding that it was an honour to host the event.

"He's going to be the youngest recipient ever, he's super excited, it's totally themed around his likes," she told BBC News NI.

"The day is all about him and all the other brave children who are awaiting transplants, so it truly is a glorious day for our city."

Belfast's Lord Mayor Tina Black welcomed Dáithí and his family to the special event on Saturday

The mayor described the Mac Gabhann family as "unceasingly brave" and said the six-year-old had "moved mountains".

"He's actually getting a key today for the city but I really do think he has the key to all our hearts anyway - but he can also bring sheep down Royal Avenue, so you never know when that'll come in useful."

NEU members had been set to walk out on 15 and 16 March

Teachers in Wales have called off two strike dates after the Welsh government proposed a new pay offer.

National Education Union (NEU) members were due to walk out on 15 March and 16 March.

But the union has announced that the strikes will be cancelled following talks with the Welsh government.

Education Minister Jeremy Miles has offered to give teachers an 8% increase in pay for 2022-23.

The Welsh government told unions if members were to benefit from a pay rise this year, they must reach an agreement by 17 March.

Mr Miles said he would pay teachers the rise as talks continue if they suspended action until the end of the academic year.

Mr Miles said it would provide teachers with a "significant" back payment.

His letter to teachers said the offer was in the interests of Welsh school children.

Mr Miles said it was "imperative" that while negotiations continued pupils should not face losing more school days.

Mr Miles has also made an improved offer of 5% for 2023-24, which is up from 3.5%.

Dr Mary Bousted and Kevin Courtney, the NEU's joint general secretaries, thanked the Welsh government for the "constructive manner in which they have pursued a solution."

NEU members will now be balloted on the 8% pay increase

"It is vital that we do all we can, together, to combat the recruitment and retention crisis and ensure that more people join the profession and stay in the profession," they said.

"The Welsh Government recognises this and has also understood the importance of the pay offer being fully funded. In addition, they have committed to working with us on tackling workload."

The Welsh government welcomed the decision to pause strikes.

"This is good news for pupils, parents and the teaching profession," a spokesperson said. "Taken alongside the progress we have made in bringing together a package of measures to reduce workload, we believe this is a good pay offer that we hope members can support."

All schools in Wales were affected by strike action on 2 March, postponed from 14 Feb.

The strike originally planned in Wales for 14 February was postponed so the NEU could consult members on an improved pay offer from the Welsh government, which was later rejected.

Members of the NAHT, which represents head teachers, are currently taking industrial action short of a strike, while teachers' union the NASUWT had rejected the offer and was due to ballot members.

NAHT Cymru leader, Laura Doel, said: "This is a positive move but we still have concerns about some elements about the funding of the offer."

NASUWT general secretary, Patrick Roach, said: "The minister's offer to deliver an award to teachers on a without prejudice basis before the end of the financial year should mean that teachers will benefit from additional money today rather than empty promises of jam tomorrow."

The stolen gold coins were discovered near Manching in 1999, and are thought to date back to the first century BC

Four people have been arrested in Germany over the theft of a hoard of Celtic gold coins worth about €1.6m (£1.4m).

Hundreds of coins were taken from a museum in Manching, Bavaria, during a night raid in November.

Many of them dated from around the 1st Century BC.

The authorities say there is "overwhelming evidence" in the case and that investigations are continuing. More details are expected on Thursday.

That includes whether part of the horde of coins has been recovered.

The arrests were made on Tuesday during a search operation in the northern state of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania.

Bavaria's interior minister, Joachim Herrmann, said the suspects were "professional burglars".

"The mission continues," Ch Insp Ludwig Waldinger from the Bavarian police told the Bild newspaper.

"We are searching properties in several federal states."

The coins were unearthed during a 1999 archaeological dig near Manching - considered to be the biggest discovery of Celtic gold in the 20th Century. They had been on display since 2006.

Police at the time of their theft suspected that those involved sabotaged the museum's alarm system. Just before the break-in, nearby internet cables were cut, causing widespread outages.

This meant the alarm system was not triggered when a door was pried open, although it was able to record when the robbery, which lasted less than 10 minutes, took place.

The authorities had been exploring whether the theft involved organised crime and was linked to previous raids.

In 2017, a hefty gold coin weighing 100kg was snatched from a Berlin museum. Two years later, thieves took 21 pieces of jewellery and other valuables in a dramatic diamond heist at Dresden's Green Vault museum that was caught on CCTV.

The loss of the coins devastated the museum and the wider community.

Rupert Gebhard, head of collections at the State Archaeological Collection in Munich, said it felt "like losing an old friend".

So what happens next? Some MPs are actually cock-a-hoop despite the colossal mess. One tells me: "The man-baby has gone - so pleased!"

But allies talk up his chances of running for another seat some time. One former senior minister tells me "the question is does he plan to get another seat or even Mid-Beds?" - the constituency his close ally and former Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries has just left.

Another former cabinet minister says: "It would be very unwise for him to run again. He has a vociferous 20% in the party who like him but 80% don't. If he ran in a by-election the Lib Dems would murder him."

Would party HQ even let that happen? Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has changed the personnel in charge there. One senior figure pours a bucket of freezing water over the idea telling me: "Boris died today."

What is not clear yet is whether as that MP suggests the manner of his departure could "generate so much unrest I fear there will be an election much sooner than thought".

Johnson has thrown grenades at No 10 - not just the committee that has judged him - suggesting Sunak is not running a "proper Conservative" government.

One former ally says the ex-PM has "gone full circle, returning to his political home - a hut across the water where he can now lob rocks without any sense of responsibility or accountability - and that is ultimately very dangerous for his party and Sunak".

Read more from Laura here

PC Sharon Beshenivsky was shot dead while responding to reports of a robbery in Bradford in 2005

A 74-year-old man is due to appear in court later charged with the 2005 murder of PC Sharon Beshenivsky after being extradited from Pakistan.

Piran Ditta Khan was brought back to the UK and taken into custody at a West Yorkshire police station, the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) said.

PC Beshenivsky, 38, had been an officer for nine months when she was fatally shot in Bradford, West Yorkshire.

Mr Khan is due to appear at Westminster Magistrates' Court.

West Yorkshire Police said he has been charged with murder, robbery, two counts of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life and two counts of possessing a prohibited weapon.

The CPS said the charges were authorised in 2006, leading to the issuing of the extradition warrant.

"Since Piran Ditta Khan was arrested in Pakistan in 2020, our specialist prosecutors have been working closely with our Pakistani partners to complete the legal process in the country so that he could be extradited back to England to face the allegations from almost 20 years ago," a spokesperson added.

PC Beshenivsky, a mother of three and stepmother of two children, was shot as she responded with colleague PC Teresa Milburn to an alarm at a travel agent in Morley Street, Bradford, on 18 November 2005.

PC Milburn was also shot but survived.

Follow BBC Yorkshire on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to yorkslincs.news@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Last updated on .From the section Tennis

Coverage: Live across BBC TV, radio and online with extensive coverage on BBC iPlayer, Red Button, Connected TVs and mobile app. More coverage details

Marketa Vondrousova became the first unseeded player to win the Wimbledon women's singles title as Ons Jabeur's wait for a major goes on.

Vondrousova, 24, is ranked 42nd in the world after missing six months of last season with a wrist injury.

But the Czech handled the nerves of the occasion better than 2022 runner-up Jabeur to win Saturday's final 6-4 6-4.

Sixth seed Jabeur, 28, has now lost all three major finals she has played in and was in tears at the end.

Vondrousova, who came to Wimbledon as a fan last year wearing a cast after wrist surgery, fell flat on her back as the magnitude of what she had achieved sank in.

"I don't know what is happening - it is an amazing feeling," said Vondrousova, who beat five seeded players to lift the Venus Rosewater Dish.

After sharing a warm embrace with Jabeur at the net, she knelt on the grass again and looked close to tears as she drew the acclaim of the Centre Court crowd.

Then, as is tradition these days, she clambered up to the players' box to hug her team and family - including husband Stepan, who arrived in London to watch the final after previously staying at home in Prague to look after their pet cat.

By contrast, Jabeur looked heartbroken as she sat on her chair with her head bowed.

"This is very, very tough. The most painful loss of my career," said Jabeur, who had been aiming to be the first African or Arab woman to win a Grand Slam singles title.
• None New tattoo for Vondrousova after etching name into history
• None 'My most painful loss' - tears flow again on Centre

Vondrousova becomes 'most unlikely' Wimbledon champion

Vondrousova reached the French Open final as a teenager in 2019, where she lost to Australia's Ashleigh Barty, before seeing her progress hampered by two wrist surgeries.

Clay courts have long been considered the Czech's best surface and she admitted before her semi-final she "never thought" she could do well on grass.

But her game style - using a top-spin forehand to good effect, the ability to play with variety and regularly able to keep the ball in play - has translated to the grass courts.

Vondrousova came into Wimbledon having won only four grass-court matches in her career.

Even after winning under the Centre Court roof - which was closed because of winds predicted to reach speeds of 50mph - still owns an 11-11 win-loss record on the surface.

It led American former world number one Tracy Austin - who was working on BBC Sport's television coverage of the final - saying Vondrousova was the "most unlikely" champion.

Nerves get better of Jabeur

History was at stake for both players, but particularly for Jabeur, who has become a trailblazer for African and Arab women.

But the Tunisian, who was the pre-match favourite, looked overwhelmed by the weight of expectation.

While both players managed beaming smiles for the camera as they posed for the traditional pre-match photograph, the nerves associated with playing in a Wimbledon final quickly became apparent.

Jabeur seemed more stressed than her opponent in a tense opening set, even after she took an early break to lead 2-0.

She stayed rooted to the baseline as she looked to find rhythm, rarely employing her favoured drop-shot and was broken straight back for 2-1.

Three successive breaks of serve - in favour of Vondrousova - were indicative of the tension that remained on both sides of the net, but particularly for Jabeur, who saw a 4-2 advantage disappear.

Jabeur, who has an effervescent and engaging personality, is known as the 'Minister of Happiness' back home and usually plays with a smile on her face.

But her body language became increasingly negative, head bowed and shoulders slumping, clearly unable to compute what was happening.

After Vondrousova served out for a one-set lead, Jabeur took a short break in the locker room. When she emerged, she lost serve again before finally growing in confidence and playing more freely to move 3-1 ahead.

However, uncertainty quickly reappeared. Vondrousova broke back in the fifth game of a match which continued to provide twists and turns.

Jabeur, who lost to Elena Rybakina in last year's final after winning the first set, has become a crowd favourite at the All England Club in recent years.

Encouraging shouts of support came her way after she lost serve again for 5-4 and, despite briefly wobbling with a double fault on her first match point, Vondrousova sealed a famous win.

"It's going to be a tough day but I'm not going to give up. I will come back stronger," said Jabeur, who beat four Grand Slam champions to reach another final.
• None Alerts: Get tennis news sent to your phone
• None Can you trust your best mate to be your best man? Find out in Jason Manford and Steve Edge’s new podcast
• None Can certain foods make you hungrier? Professor Tim Spector takes Michael Mosley through his top food and nutrition tips

Darya Trepova declined to say who gave her the statuette but Russian authorities have blamed opposition figures

Russian investigators have detained a woman in their hunt for the killers of pro-war blogger Vladlen Tatarsky in Sunday's blast at a St Petersburg cafe.

In video released by authorities - most likely recorded under duress - Darya Trepova is heard admitting she handed over a statuette that later blew up.

But the 26-year-old does not say she knew there would be an explosion, nor does she admit any further role.

Investigators said they had evidence the attack was organised from Ukraine.

However, Kyiv officials said it was a case of Russian infighting.

More than 30 people were wounded in the bombing in Russia's second city.

Tatarsky (real name Maxim Fomin), aged 40, had been attending a patriotic meeting with supporters in the cafe as a guest speaker late on Sunday afternoon.

A video circulating on social media showed a young woman in a brown coat apparently entering the cafe with a cardboard box.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: The moments leading up to St Petersburg cafe explosion

Images showed the box being placed on a table in the cafe before the woman sat down. Another video showed a statue being handed to Tatarsky.

In a brief excerpt of her interrogation released by the Russian authorities, Darya Trepova appeared under duress as she sighed repeatedly.

When her interrogator asked if she knew why she was detained, she replied: "I would say for being at the scene of Vladlen Tatarsky's murder... I brought the statuette there which blew up."

Asked who gave it to her she responded: "Can I tell you later please?"

Russia's anti-terrorism committee alleged the "terror attack" was organised by Ukrainian special services "with people co-operating with" opposition leader Alexei Navalny.

The investigative committee later went further, saying it had evidence it was "planned and organised from Ukrainian territory". It was working to establish the "entire chain" of people involved, it added.

Navalny's Anti-Corruption Foundation, which has released a series of exposés of corruption involving the Putin entourage, said it was "very convenient" for the Kremlin to blame its critics when Navalny was due to go on trial soon for extremism.

Navalny has been in jail ever since he returned to Russia from Germany in January 2021. He survived a nerve agent attack in Russia in August 2020, which was blamed on Russian FSB security service agents.

Foundation head Ivan Zhdanov said everything pointed to FSB agents themselves. "Naturally we have nothing to do with this," he said, adding that Russia needed an external enemy in the form of Ukraine and a domestic one in Navalny's team.

Ms Trepova was detained in a St Petersburg flat owned by a friend of her husband's, Russian reports said.

On the day of Russia's full-scale invasion last year she was reportedly detained for a number of days for taking part in an anti-war protest.

The cafe, Street Food Bar No 1 near the River Neva, was once owned by Yevgeny Prigozhin - who runs Russia's notorious Wagner mercenary group which has taken part in much of the fighting in Bakhmut in eastern Ukraine.

Prigozhin said he had handed it over to Cyber Front Z, a group that calls itself "Russia's information troops" and said it had hired out the cafe for the evening.

Prigozhin paid tribute to Tatarsky in a late-night video which he declared was filmed from the town hall in Bakhmut.

He displayed a flag which he said had the words "in good memory of Vladlen Tatarsky".

On Monday, Tatarsky was awarded the posthumous Order of Courage by President Vladimir Putin.

Tatarsky, a vocal supporter of Russia's war in Ukraine, was neither a Russian official nor a military officer. He was a well-known blogger with more than half a million followers and, like Prigozhin, had a criminal past.

Born in the Donetsk region of eastern Ukraine, he said he joined Russian-backed separatists when they released him from jail, where he was serving time for armed robbery.

He was part of a pro-Kremlin military blogger community that has taken on a relatively high-profile role since Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine began in February 2022.

Tatarsky is among those who have gone so far as to criticise the Russian authorities, slamming the military and even Mr Putin for setbacks on the battlefield.

Unusually, Tatarsky took up arms in combat operations and reported from the front line. He claimed to have helped launch combat drones and build fortifications.

Last September, he posted a video inside the Kremlin where Mr Putin was proclaiming the annexation of four part-occupied Ukrainian regions.

"We will defeat everyone, we will kill everyone, we will rob everyone as necessary. Just as we like it," Tatarsky told his followers.

The military bloggers have provided information about the war in a country where many have become frustrated with the lack of accurate information from official sources.

Information provided by the Russian military, Kremlin-controlled television and state officials has been criticised for being inaccurate.

Last week, several official Russian sources shared a video allegedly showing Ukrainian troops harassing civilians. Western analysts proved using open-source information that the video had been staged.

Some pro-Kremlin bloggers also slammed the video as a crude fake. Much of the bloggers' pro-Russian material is not factual either.

Who was behind Tatarsky's murder is unclear, but it is reminiscent of the killing of Darya Dugina, a vocal supporter of the war and the daughter of a Russian ultra-nationalist. She died in a car bomb attack near Moscow last August.

While Russian officials pinned the blame firmly on Ukraine, in Kyiv presidential adviser Mykhailo Podolyak said the blast was part of a Russian "internal political fight", tweeting: "Spiders are eating each other in a jar."

The Ukrainians have proved themselves as more than capable of carrying out drone attacks and explosions deep inside Russian territory in recent months. They rarely admit involvement but often drop hints.

Yevgeny Prigozhin said he did not think it was the Ukrainian government: "I think there is a group of radicals operating, which unlikely has something to do with the government."

The blast could be linked to Russian political infighting. There are now a lot of angry men carrying guns in Russia.

With the military running low on troops, convicts have been let out of prison, handed weapons and sent to the front. Russian authorities have also conducted large-scale recruitment campaigns for volunteer fighters and recruited some 300,000 men in a "partial mobilisation".

The Kommersant newspaper recently reported that the number of murders committed in Russia last year rose for the first time in 20 years.

Colin Pitchfork was jailed for life for raping and strangling two 15-year-old girls, Lynda Mann and Dawn Ashworth

The Lord Chancellor has asked the Parole Board to reconsider its decision to allow child killer Colin Pitchfork to be released from prison.

Pitchfork was jailed for life for raping and strangling two teenage girls in Leicestershire in 1983 and 1986.

Lord Chancellor and Justice Secretary Alex Chalk said it was "absolutely vital" dangerous offenders were kept behind bars.

He said there was an arguable case the board's decision was irrational.

Pitchfork became the first murderer to be convicted using DNA evidence.

He was jailed for a minimum of 30 years in 1988 for the murder of Lynda Mann and Dawn Ashworth.

This was later reduced to 28 years for good behaviour.

Dawn Ashworth and Lynda Mann were raped and murdered by Pitchfork

The 63-year-old was released from prison in 2021 but was arrested and sent back to prison two months later.

He was granted parole in June following a hearing held in private in April.

In a statement on Monday, Mr Chalk said: "My thoughts remain with the families of Lynda Mann and Dawn Ashworth, whose lives were changed forever by the heinous crimes of Colin Pitchfork.

"My number one priority is public protection and after careful assessment I have asked the Parole Board to reconsider their decision to release him.

"It is absolutely vital that every lawful step is taken to keep dangerous offenders behind bars."

The Lord Chancellor is a senior member of the cabinet and heads the Ministry of Justice.

His intervention comes after the Conservative MP for South Leicestershire Alberto Costa called for the parole decision to be challenged.

Mr Costa said: "I am very grateful to the justice secretary for listening to me and my constituents by challenging the Parole Board's deeply disappointing decision.

"Like many, I was aghast at the recent decision.

"The Parole Board now has a further opportunity to get this decision right and to ensure that Colin Pitchfork stays in prison where he belongs".

After the decision was made public last month, a Parole Board spokesperson said: "Parole reviews are undertaken thoroughly and with extreme care. Protecting the public is our number one priority, however our sole focus in law is risk, not punishment, and must be based on evidence.

"This case is eligible for reconsideration if any party thinks the decision is irrational or unfair."

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, on Twitter, or on Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

Richards, right, looks set to compete for six medals in Paris

Matt Richards won an epic men's 200m freestyle race at the British Championships in London but Olympic champion Tom Dean missed out on the chance to defend his title in Paris. Richards won a race billed as the most competitive domestic contest in history with Duncan Scott taking silver. Dean was third but only two can race in the event at this summer's Olympics, although he will contest other events. "It lived up to the hype," said 2023 world 200m freestyle champion Richards. "That was probably the best field you are going to find domestically. It was great practice for the Olympics."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. 'I'll have a burger then it's back to training' - Matt Richards

The trio, who won gold together in the 4x200m freestyle relay at the Tokyo Olympics, have battled each other in events all week but this race was always expected to be the championship's grand finale. Seven of the eight men in the final were former Olympians with Scott, 26, the Olympic silver medallist when Dean won gold in Tokyo. Richards, 21, won gold in the event at last year's World Championships and Dean, 23, silver but it is the latter who missed out on qualification. Dean, who had set himself a bold target of five medals in Paris, had already effectively qualified for the 200m individual medley on Thursday by taking silver but also missed out on the place for the 100m freestyle event. "I knew it was going to take a momentous effort," Dean said. "It is fine margins and you can pay for it at the front end. "I have been top three in the world for three years in a row and it shows the calibre of this competition. This is what you've got to do to just get on the team "I have spoken about my big medal aims in Paris. That is still there. I want to win individual medals, relay medals and do as much as I can for the team. I have got to reset and slightly refocus." Richards said: "I said to him at the end of the race it is so bittersweet because in a perfect world we would love it if we could all get in there and race. "There is always going to be someone who just misses out and Deano is a phenomenal talent." James Guy finished fourth meaning he will travel to Paris for the relay as the same quartet - Guy, Dean, Scott and Richards - will look to defend the title they won in Tokyo.

Elsewhere on the final night of the championships, 12-year-old Iona Winnifrith shared the women's para 100m breaststroke title with Brock Whiston to put herself in line for Paralympic qualification. The pair, plus four others in the race - Maisie Summers-Newton, Rebecca Redfern, Grace Harvey, Louise Fiddes - made the nomination time for Paris with the Paralympic team to be confirmed in the coming months. Will Ellard equalled the S14 200m freestyle world record for his third title of the week, beating his fourth Paris nomination time in the process. Fourteen-year-old Amelie Blocksidge won the women's 800m freestyle title but missed out on the time needed for the Olympics. Anna Hopkin will race the 100m freestyle in Paris after she completed the sprint double by following up her win in the 50m event. Freya Anderson, on her return from glandular fever, was third and requires a coaches' pick to make the team. Oliver Morgan also won his second title of the week, backing up his 100m backstroke with an impressive finish to win the 200m event. He beat the qualification time, as did Luke Greenbank in second, meaning the pair will likely compete again in Paris. Tully Kearney won her second title of the meet, clinching the para 100m freestyle crown under the time needed for Paris while Angharad Evans won the 100m breaststroke but was outside of the Olympic time.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The population of Whitecross might be small but community groups are at the heart of the village

The effect of the Covid-19 pandemic has "hit a reset button" for people tackling rural isolation, according to community volunteers in south Armagh.

In the rural village of Whitecross, one resident said periods of lockdown generated an appreciation of isolation.

Sharon Doran said the pandemic had brought rural isolation more to the fore and people now "really understood what it meant".

"It's nearly like we hit the reset button and started again," she said.

"There's a want and there's a real desire to see things up and running.

Elaine Cunningham says that in recent months the Whitecross community has become more open to social gatherings

"In the winter nights it's very easy to stay in but if there's football on, if there's exercise classes on, you've something to get you out."

Terry O'Hanlon, chair of St Killian's Gaelic Athletic Club, said there had been a new-found appreciation for social interaction.

"We didn't value what we had until it was taken away.

"We were all sitting in our houses every evening and thought: 'There's bound to be more to life than this.'

"We are in an isolated rural area on the edge of the council boundaries.

Eileen McCann says rising costs are making it more difficult to host community events

"For people to start coming home in the evenings and get their kids to go back into Newry or back into an urban area it's a struggle to keep that going, whereas we're keeping everything here local."

The village now has regular "clubercise" classes for those who fancy a dancing workout with disco lights, and a new over-50s group to improve the wellbeing of the community.

But Mr O'Hanlon said there was still work to be done to encourage more men and elderly people back into social interaction in the village following the pandemic.

Sharon Doran is secretary of the Over-50s club and member of the Whitecross Community Association and says the residents "love coming for the craic".

"We would get someone in to do pilates, or dance classes but it's the craic people are lacking in - they want to speak to people," she told the BBC's Good Morning Ulster programme.

Sharon Doran says "the craic" is what people in Whitecross are seeking

Elaine Cunningham, a fitness instructor, said it was only since January this year that people had finally felt confident to move from online classes to face-to-face sessions.

In recent months there has been another strain on the efforts to tackle rural isolation in the village, the cost of living.

Eileen McCann, club secretary at St Killian's, said it had to charge more for use of the hall because of rising costs.

"One exercise class stopped running because it wasn't financially viable."

Jill Barclay's body was discovered in Aberdeen last year

A man has been jailed for at least 24 years for the rape and murder of a woman as she walked home in Aberdeen.

Mother-of-two Jill Barclay, 47, was attacked and burned alive. Her body was found in a street in the Dyce area of the city in September last year.

Rhys Bennett, 23, admitted the crimes, which a judge described as "wicked and medieval in their barbarity".

Ms Barclay's family said she had been "a deeply loved life partner, mother and daughter".

The High Court in Edinburgh heard that Bennett did not know her before the attack.

Prosecutor Lorraine Glancy KC told the court that Ms Barclay was walking home from the Spider's Web pub and that Bennett, from Ballingry in Fife, followed her.

He brutally attacked and raped her in the grounds of an empty property at Farburn Gatehouse.

Bennett then left her badly injured at the scene and returned shortly after in his van. He poured a can of petrol on her and set her alight.

Ms Barclay, who worked for energy services firm Petrofac, was found dead in the street near to the Marriot Hotel, at about 03:30 on 17 September.

Rhys Bennett's attack was described as "unimaginably wicked"

The court heard that a dog walker had been nearby at the time of the attack.

Ms Glancy said: "He heard a high pitched scream by a female voice followed by her shouting 'no no no'.

"The scream and shouts came from the direction of the locus. The witness did not make any further investigation and did not contact police at this time.

"Other witnesses who live in a nearby flat also heard female screams and crying."

Ms Glancy said forensic evidence suggested Ms Barclay had been alive when she had later been set on fire.

Bennett also admitted attempting to defeat the ends of justice by burning the clothes he wore.

Judge Lord Arthurson said the attack had involved "extreme, sustained and frankly feral violence".

He described Bennett's crimes as "unimaginably wicked and medieval in their barbarity".

"You took away her future and the hopes and dreams of her wider family," he said.

"Their lives will never be the same. I have read the most moving and articulate impact statements prepared by Ms Barclay's partner, her elder child and by her mother and aunt."

Ms Barclay's body was found on a street in Dyce in the early hours of the morning

Bennett was also placed on the sex offenders register indefinitely.

Defence solicitor advocate Iain McSporran KC said Bennett had no recollection of the events of the evening in question but wanted to admit his guilt.

"Those who practice in these courts become accustomed to awful cases," Mr McSporran said.

"But I can't think the court has dealt with many cases as awful as this."

Hundreds of people marched through the streets of Aberdeen in November after the murder.

They called for action to make city streets safer for women, with more taxis and improved street lighting.

In a tribute at her funeral, her family said: "Jill lived a full and happy life, packing more into her 47 years than some do in an entire lifetime.

"She was struck down in her prime, in an act of unimaginable cruelty.

"It is outrageous that a woman cannot walk home safely at night."

Det Supt Andrew Patrick said it was a senseless crime

Her partner of 20 years - who did not wish to be named - described her as his "soul mate, the love of his life".

City councillor Sandra Macdonald, a member of the Aberdeen Women's Alliance, helped organise the street safety march after Ms Barclay's death.

She told BBC Scotland: "I think there was a real reckoning within the city. I do hope out of all of that there will come changes so this never happens again.

"I think in general Aberdeen is a very safe city to live in. But there are ways we can improve the infrastructure."

The officer who led the inquiry, Det Supt Andrew Patrick, said he hoped the resolution of the case would bring some comfort to family and friends of Ms Barclay.

"Jill's senseless and brutal murder had a significant impact on the local community in Dyce and throughout the north east," he said.

"Our inquiries, including CCTV analysis, quickly led to Bennett being traced in Fife, where he was arrested and charged later that day.

"This was a particularly harrowing investigation and it deeply affected everyone involved. I am glad that Bennett will now face the consequences of his depraved and wicked actions."

One head teacher said having pupils asking to go to the toilet within minutes of a lesson starting was "massively disruptive"

Anita Ellis said letting pupils go to the toilet within minutes of a lesson starting can be "massively disruptive".

Royal Wootton Bassett Academy is one of many schools across the UK following the practice as it also sees a rise in vandalism and vaping during lessons.

But a charity has called for the government to look again at how schools decide rules around pupils' access to toilets.

Speaking to BBC Radio Wiltshire, Ms Ellis said: "If you can imagine a class of 30, every student after a few minutes asks to go to the toilet then learning is stagnating.

"The learning does stop and so it is massively disruptive."

She said the policy was about "protecting the students".

And while they do have a right to go to the toilet, in an "ideal world they would be able to go to the toilet whenever they wanted to", she added.

"We do have to consider the safety but also the learning of all children."

The rules mean that pupils are free to use toilets before and after school and during lunch and breaks.

They can still be used during lessons but this is decided on a case-by-case basis and there are some exceptions for students with medical passes.

However, the move has not been universally popular.

Bowel and bladder charity Eric has called for the government to look again at how schools decide rules around access to toilets.

The Department for Education said all schools "should have arrangements in place to allow pupils to use toilet facilities when they need them".

A spokesperson said it also backs head teachers to have rules to manage pupil behaviour.

Follow BBC West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: bristol@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The EU has suspended all security cooperation with Niger after the country's army took power in a coup.

It comes shortly after the US declared its "unflagging support" for ousted president Mohamed Bazoum - seen as a key Western ally in the fight against Islamist militants.

On Friday the head of the presidential guards unit Gen Abdourahmane Tchiani declared himself Niger's new leader.

He said insecurity, economic woes and corruption led him to seize power.

But there are now concerns in the West about which countries the new leader will align with.

Niger's neighbours, Burkina Faso and Mali, have both pivoted towards Russia since their own coups.

EU foreign policy chief Josep Borrell joined the US and France in refusing to recognise the coup leaders and said security cooperation and budgetary aid was being suspended indefinitely.

Also on Saturday France, the former colonial power which had moved its regional military headquarters to the country after being forced to leave Mali, said it had suspended all development aid and budgetary support.

Meanwhile the African Union called on the Niger army to return to base within 15 days.

On Friday evening US Secretary of State Antony Blinken warned those detaining Mr Bazoum - Niger's first elected leader to succeed another since independence in 1960 - that "hundreds of millions of dollars of assistance" was at risk.

However, the leader of Russia's Wagner mercenary group has reportedly described the coup as a triumph.

"What happened in Niger is nothing other than the struggle of the people of Niger with their colonisers," Yevgeny Prigozhin was quoted as saying on a Wagner-affiliated Telegram channel.

"With colonisers who are trying to foist their rules of life on them and their conditions and keep them in the state that Africa was in hundreds of years ago."

He added: "Today this is effectively gaining their independence."

The BBC has not been able to verify the authenticity of his reported comments.

Wagner is believed to have thousands of fighters in countries including the Central African Republic (CAR) and Mali, where it has lucrative business interests but also bolsters Russia's diplomatic and economic relations.

Wagner fighters have been accused of widespread human rights abuses in several African countries.

Gen Tchiani, 62, has been in charge of the presidential guard since 2011 and was promoted to the rank of general in 2018 by former President Issoufou.

He had also been linked to a 2015 coup attempt against the ex-president, but appeared in court to deny it.

On Friday Gen Tchiani said his junta took over because of problems in Niger including insecurity, economic woes and corruption.

He also addressed Niger's global allies, saying the junta would respect all of the country's international commitments, as well as human rights.

But the junta has had strong words for those who oppose them, accusing members of the ousted government who have taken refuge in foreign embassies of plotting against them.

They said any such attempt would lead to bloodshed, which has so far been avoided.

Life in the capital Niamey has largely returned to normal with markets and shops open, but civil servants have been told to go home.

Meanwhile Nigeriens have mixed feelings about the coup, with some saying insecurity in the country wasn't severe enough to justify a coup. But others have supported the junta.

Niger's coup is the latest in a wave of military takeovers that have hit the West African region in recent years, toppling governments in countries including Mali, Guinea and Burkina Faso.

It also comes as a big blow to the leadership of regional body Ecowas. Just two weeks ago, the bloc's chairman, President Bola Tinubu, warned that terrorism and the emerging pattern of coups in West Africa had reached alarming levels and demanded urgent, concerted actions.

This is the fifth coup in Niger since it gained independence from France in 1960, on top of other unsuccessful takeover attempts.

The "Robodebt" policy vilified recipients of welfare, an inquiry has found

A landmark inquiry in Australia has found an illegal welfare hunt by the previous government made victims feel like criminals and caused suicides.

Known locally as "Robodebt", it was an automated government scheme which incorrectly demanded welfare recipients pay back benefits.

People received letters saying they owed thousands of dollars in debt, based off an incorrect algorithm.

More than half a million Australians were affected by the policy.

The scheme ran from 2016 until it was ruled illegal by a court in 2019. It had forced some of the country's poorest people to pay off false debts.

Many were forced into worse financial circumstances - taking out loans, selling their cars or using savings to pay off a debt they were told they had to pay within weeks. Others described being vilified and feeling shame after being told they owed money.

On Friday, a royal commission inquiry into the scandal issued its final report, describing the scheme as a "costly failure of public administration" with "extensive, devastating, and continuing" ill-effects.

"Robodebt was a crude and cruel mechanism, neither fair nor legal, and it made many people feel like criminals," Commissioner Catherine Holmes wrote in her 990-page report.

A royal commission is Australia's most powerful form of public inquiry. This one ran for 11 months and drew hundreds of public submissions.

On Friday, Prime Minister Anthony Albanese condemned the previous government's scheme as a "gross betrayal" of citizens, which had harmed the most vulnerable.

The inquiry found there were at least three known suicides as a result of Robodebt policy, and it was "confident that these were not the only tragedies of the kind".

The deaths by suicide included two young men Rhys Cauzzo, 28, and Jarrad Madgwick, 22, whose mothers gave testimony to the commission last year on their behalf. Kath Madgwick had previously told the BBC she holds the government partly responsible for Jarrad's suicide.

Jarrad Madgwick took his life after receiving a government debt notice

Other victims told the inquiry how the stress of a debt demand had caused them anxiety and depression and led them to consider suicide.

One woman said she felt suicidal for a period of months with the debt hanging over her head, with the "lowest point" being the day the debt collector debited the money from her bank account.

"I felt desperate on that day; it was so upsetting that I could not afford to pay for my daughter's medical expenses and I felt powerless to improve my situation," she told the inquiry.

Another victim, who had experienced mental illness previously, said that upon receiving a $A11,000 (£6,300, $8,100) debt notice, he was in "complete shock", because it would "set me back years and years and years".

He explained that "from a generalised anxiety disorder point of view, it's just… the biggest trigger you can give to somebody".

The inquiry's final report on Friday criticised former Prime Minister Scott Morrison's conservative government for launching the scheme where "little to no regard was had to the individuals and vulnerable cohorts that it would affect".

The report also condemned Mr Morrison - who had been minister of the social services department at the time the policy was launched - for "misleading" Cabinet over advice that the switch to an automated system would not require legislative passage.

In response on Friday, Mr Morrison said he rejected "each of the findings which are critical of my involvement in authorising the scheme and are adverse to me".

He maintained he had "acted in good faith and on clear and deliberate department advice".

The report also accused the government of persisting with a cover-up of the scheme even when its "unfairness, probable illegality and cruelty became apparent" in 2017.

"It should then have been abandoned or revised drastically, and an enormous amount of hardship and misery... would have been averted," it said.

"Instead the path taken was to double down, to go on the attack in the media against those who complained and to maintain the falsehood that in fact the system had not changed at all."

Commissioner Holmes also described a politicisation of welfare policy that had exacerbated a stigma often felt by recipients of social welfare.

The government also falsely exaggerated incidents of welfare fraud which were "miniscule" or less than 0.1% of cases, the report found.

In a sealed section of the report, the commissioner also recommended that a number of unidentified individuals involved in the policy be referred to criminal and civil prosecution.

The Morrison government abruptly ended the Robodebt scheme in 2019 after victims contested the legal basis in the Federal Court of Australia, where it was found to be illegal.

In its backdown, the government was also forced to refund over A$700m of payments to victims. It also settled a multimillion-dollar lawsuit brought by victims seeking compensation.

If you are feeling emotionally distressed and would like details of organisations in the UK which offer advice and support, go to bbc.co.uk/actionline.

If you are in Australia, you can call Lifeline at 131114, Kids Helpline at 1800 55 18000 or visit the Beyond Blue website.

You have probably heard the saying "mad as a March hare".

This month the saying has rung especially true as the weather has been all over the place - to put it mildly.

It has always been a month of contrasts and by halfway into March we had warnings of ice, snow and heavy rain.

There has been significant snowfall in some areas - enough to build a whole snow family - and temperatures fell to -9C in Castlederg, County Tyrone.

That was on 8 March, making it the coldest March night since 2010.

Then the rains came, with a warning of heavy downpours from the Met Office in the middle of the month.

Over a 24-hour period, Derrylin in County Fermanagh recorded 35.4mm of rainfall, Killowen in County Down measured 29mm and Killylane, in the Glens of Antrim, recorded 26mm.

This was followed by a dramatic leap in temperature just ahead of St Patrick's Day.

Helen's Bay recorded 16.1C on 16 March, making it the warmest day of the year so far and the highest temp in Northern Ireland since 13 November.

Just more than seven days earlier was that icy -9C night in Castlederg - what a difference a week makes.

It is not unusual for the fair-skinned to get sunburn on St Patrick's Day as the mid-March sun is of a similar strength to September.

This year the spring equinox was the following day, 20 March, when the sun sits directly over the Earth's equator as it heads northward.

Both hemispheres share the sun's rays equally at the equinox, and night and day are roughly the same length.

Spring is said to be a transitional season and wide variations in weather can occur, from wintry conditions in the first half of the season to warm, almost summer like conditions any time from late April onwards.

The sun is strengthening significantly, the oceans are slowly warming and the jet stream is usually further north, which influences where our air is coming from.

Air coming in from a southerly direction will always be warmer.

With the fierce changes in weather, there is often some truth in a saying often used in reference to March: "In like a lion, out like a lamb."

It is likely our recent snow, towards the beginning of the month, is down to SSW - or sudden stratospheric warming - which five years ago helped bring about the infamous Beast from the East.

John Wylie, a former colleague who works with the Met Office in Northern Ireland, said that cold and wintery conditions, including significant snowfall, are not uncommon in March.

In 2010, 2013 and 2018, each March had highly disruptive snowfall events.

Nature has a habit of redressing the balance and the exceptional mildness of February (2.5C above average) has been countered by much colder conditions during the first half of March, with average temperatures around 2.5C below average.

At present, it is possible March could end up colder than February which, although unusual, is certainly not without precedent.

The latter part of this month has been quite mild, windy at times and wet - a wetter than average month right across Northern Ireland.

Up to 23 March, Aldergrove will have had its fourth wettest March on record - with still a week of weather to go.

This weekend the clocks spring forward just as a northerly Arctic wind sets in to bring Sunday temperatures back down to single digits.

So after a roaring start to spring lets hope we skip through April like a newborn lamb with plenty of sunshine and not as many showers.

There were a couple of well-worn weather phrases in the article above, but what about some of the other sayings and pieces of traditional wisdom that we use to predict, describe or decry the weather?

Here's a look at a few more.

How about "too cold to snow"? This is a saying backed up by science.

The colder it gets, the less water vapour it can hold, which reduces the likelihood of snow.

But there are many other factors to consider when it comes to whether or not it will snow and it's unlikely that across the island of Ireland we would experience temperatures low enough.

So true, but unlikely to happen here.

As pet owners and friends of four-legged creatures everywhere can attest, animals can often be predictors of thunderously stormy weather.

Cats and dogs are more sensitive than humans to sounds, smells and changes in atmospheric pressure.

Their heightened senses can allow them to pick up hints that a storm is coming well before their owners catch wind of it.

Just before a storm, your cat's inner ears may detect the sudden fall in atmospheric pressure and it may have learned to associate this with an impending storm.

If a storm is already raging in the distance, it may be able to perceive the faint rumble of thunder.

Likewise, your dog may be able to smell the incoming rain or the characteristic whiff of ozone gas, often created by lightning which has a sharp, metallic odour.

And finally what about this old (sort of) chestnut.

"Pinecones open up when good weather is coming" is another with a kernel of truth.

In dry weather, pinecones dry out, causing their scales to open out.

In damp conditions, they become more flexible and return to a more closed shape.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Energy providers are warning Americans to be frugal with air-conditioning this weekend, as intense heat and increased demand could lead to blackouts.

Nearly 200 million Americans are under "dangerously hot conditions" alerts with temperatures expected to soar past 100F (38C) in several major cities.

July is expected to be Earth's hottest month since record keeping began.

PJM Interconnection, the company in charge of power supply in 13 states and Washington DC, warned that "extreme heat and/or humidity may cause capacity problems on the grid".

"Temperatures are expected to go above 90F (32°C) across the footprint, which drives up the demand for electricity," the company said in a statement.

In New York, where the heat index - how hot it feels - is expected to climb as high as 110F, energy provider Con Edison is telling residents to reduce energy usage at home to help avert shutoffs.

"Intense heat and increased demand for air conditioning can cause strain on the electric system and may lead to localised outages," the company said in a statement.

The city is keeping swimming pools open longer and pointing New Yorkers to dozens of cooling centres for those without air-conditioning.

Grid operators across the country declared hot weather alerts this week and told energy companies to put off unnecessary maintenance so all available generating plants and power lines would be ready for service.

According to the most recent results from the 2020 Residential Energy Consumption Survey, 88% of US households use air conditioning.

In New York, the heat index is expected to climb as high as 110F

The National Weather Service (NWS) has warned that the sweltering heat will "engulf much of the eastern half of the US".

Weekend could bring the hottest days of summer so far for millions of people from coastal Virginia through Washington DC, where heat indexes are also expected to surpass 110F.

Many places are set to surpass their temperature records for daytime highs as well as warm night time lows through Saturday morning, the NWS said.

The southern US has already been baking under sweltering heat this past month. On Thursday, the city of Phoenix, Arizona marked the most consecutive days per year - 15 - with temperatures above 115F. It was also the city's 28th day in a row with a temperature of at least 110°F, well past the previous record of 18 days set in 1974.

On top of the heat, parts of the Midwest face a threat of flash flooding from severe thunderstorms that are expected over parts of the Great Lakes into the Mid-Missouri Valley, according to the NWS.

There are a number of steps to take to stay safe in extreme heat, including drinking lots of water, staying indoors or in the shade, using fans and ice cold showers to cool off, experts say.

The Biden administration announced a number of measures this week to try to tackle the extreme temperatures hitting the US, including protections for workers who are the most vulnerable to heat.

Human-induced climate change has made heatwaves more frequent, more intense and longer-lasting. In the US, an estimated 702 people each year die from heat-induced illnesses.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Diplomats say they were shocked by Dragos Tigau's racist remark

Romania has recalled its ambassador to Kenya and apologised after he compared Africans to monkeys.

Dragos Tigau made the comments during a meeting at a UN building in Kenya's capital, Nairobi, on April 26.

According to the AFP news agency, Mr Tigau said "the African group has joined us" when he saw a monkey outside a window.

Mr Tigau's behaviour was first made public on Thursday by Kenyan foreign affairs official Kamau Macharia.

On Twitter Mr Macharia said he was left "appalled and disgusted" by the incident, and claimed that attempts were made to cover up Mr Tigau's behaviour.

African diplomats on Friday demanded a public apology, according to Kenya's Standard newspaper, insisting that a private apology was not enough.

On Saturday, Romania announced that it had only been informed of the incident this week and had now begun "a procedure to recall its ambassador".

"We deeply regret this situation and offer our apologies to all those who have been affected," the statement from Romania's foreign affairs ministry read.

"Any behaviours or comments of a racist nature are completely unacceptable," it added, saying it hoped it would not affect its ties with African countries.

Romania mainly engages with African nations through its membership of the European Union, but it has bilateral trade deals with Egypt among others.

The Kenyan government has not commented on the decision to recall Mr Tigau.

Romanian media have criticised his behaviour, and say this is not the first time the country has been embarrassed by insults dished out by diplomats.

In 2014, Romania's ambassador to Armenia was recalled after making anti-Semitic jokes about Jewish bosses and questioning the morality of same-sex relationships.

The following year, Bucharest apologised after invitations to a reception at its Paris embassy accidentally included unflattering descriptions of some guests - labelling them "ghastly" and "undesirable" among other things.

Tegan (far left) helps to care for disabled family members

Unpaid carers say increased financial pressures mean they are unable to buy even basic essential items and feel forgotten by those in power.

A young carer who supports three disabled adults said her family could not afford haircuts and underwear.

Those who care for someone for at least 35 hours a week can claim £69.70 a week but do not get paid extra for caring for more than one person.

The Welsh government said it valued unpaid carers.

Tegan and her aunt Scarlett, who she helps to care for

Tegan Godden, 19, from Newport, lives with her grandparents, her two uncles, her aunt and her brother.

Her grandmother is the primary carer for three disabled family members - Tegan's grandfather, one of her uncles and her aunt.

Tegan supports her grandmother by taking her relatives for days out or to hospital appointments, giving medication, washing her aunt and helping around the house, all while running her own cake and hot food business full time.

Tegan said her family struggled financially - her grandmother's caring responsibilities mean she is unable to work and she can only claim Carer's Allowance for one person she cares for.

"With the number of mouths she has to feed it's really hard," said Tegan.

Tegan's grandmother is the primary carer for three adults

She said she believed her grandmother often skipped meals and she often witnessed her going without other essentials.

"I see my nan not even being able to buy socks or pants, walking around the house with holes in her socks," she said.

"It's really upsetting seeing what she has to go through.... she's so selfless. It's upsetting a lot of the time for us."

Tegan as a child (far right) with her grandmother, brother and aunt

Tegan wants to see people like her grandmother paid for the work they do.

"If she went out and worked as a carer for other people, she'd be paid by the hour or by the day," she said.

The family try to make ends meet by cooking in bulk and sticking rigidly to shopping lists, Tegan said.

"Everything's gone up in price and the government expects people to eat healthy and eat nutritious meals but the cheapest food in the supermarkets is the most unhealthy that you could buy," she said.

"We try to keep as healthy as we possibly can but it's just the biggest struggle, we just pick meals that we're able to afford."

She said another struggle was the cost of energy.

The family live in a specially adapted council house where two three-bedroom properties have been knocked into one, making it expensive to heat.

The family also uses lots of electric equipment for her aunt, such as a blender for her meals, her mobility bed and feeding pump which pushes their bills up further.

In a recent UK-wide survey of 1,109 young carers by Carers Trust, 56% of respondents said the cost-of-living crisis was always or usually hitting them and their family.

Non-profit organisation Carers UK has said unpaid carers are facing unprecedented financial difficulties because of the UK's current cost of living crisis.

It said without urgent support from government it was "extremely worried that many will simply be unable to cope".

"We don't want charity," said Tegan.

"We don't want to be treated any differently or pitied on but I think there's so many other families like us who are struggling and need support and just don't have it."

Shaun cared for his mother Sheila (pictured) before she died with dementia and he now cares for his father

Shaun Moore, 60, from Blackwood in Caerphilly county has been an unpaid carer for four years after leaving his job to care for his mother who had dementia.

His mother died two years ago and weeks later his father had a stroke. Shaun now cares for his father full time.

"I've got to do everything for Dad," he said.

"Your life stops dead in its tracks.

"I'm not blaming my father or my mother for that because it's my duty to look after them, the same as they would do for me ."

Shaun as a child with his mum and brother

Shaun said it was very difficult to have any kind of life outside of caring for his father.

"You can't go anywhere, and you can't do nothing [sic]," he said.

"I can't go out with friends for a night out and have a pint because I know for a fact I've got to keep my wits about me. If I have a phone call I would have to get back home straight away.

"Mentally it's draining. I have about one hour a night sleep - Dad wants to go to the toilet five, six, seven, eight times a night.

"We don't moan about it because we have to do it but it strips you of everything."

Shaun's father has two carers who call to see him for 15 minutes in the morning and again in the evening.

He claims £69.70 a week in Carer's Allowance and £576 in Universal Credit a month out of which he pays £420 rent as well as all his other outgoings such as running his car, food and all his bills.

"We are the forgotten," he said of himself and other unpaid carers.

"What would the government do if carers like myself - not that we would - but if we turned around and said 'we can't do this anymore. You're going to have to take all our parents and loved ones into care, we're not doing it'," he said.

"They couldn't cover it. They haven't got enough places to put people and they haven't got enough carers. It would be pandemonium."

Shaun wants unpaid carers to be given a wage

He believes people like himself are "saving the government thousands of pounds".

"It's not fair," he said.

He wants to see an increase to the benefits unpaid carers are able claim and would like to be taken off benefits and paid a wage for the care he gives.

"I'm not saying I want thousands, but I could do without a little bit extra to make life a little bit easier, so I wouldn't have to struggle," he said.

Alan Wilson, 78, from Pontypridd, Rhondda Cynon Taf, has cared for his wife Coral, 79, for almost 40 years.

Coral was diagnosed with sensory neuropathy in her mid-40s and in the past four years she has had two strokes and a bleed to the brain and now needs 24/7 care.

"It is the lack of support and the feeling of isolation," he said.

"I feel constantly tired and I fear what the future holds for Coral.

"If I was to be taken ill how would Coral manage? That is my major concern."

Alan gets 12 hours a week respite which he uses to shop, go to appointments or sleep.

"Without that I'd really struggle," he said.

Alan receives his state pension and a private work pension which means he is unable to claim Carer's Allowance.

Those who care for someone but earn more than £128 a week or receive other benefits such as a state pension are not entitled to Carer's Allowance.

"I feel a bit aggrieved about it," he said.

"When I was working I paid 12% of my pay into the private pension.

"Don't get me wrong, I'm happy to care for my wife but if she was in a nursing home you're looking at £1,500 a week and I think the carers are saving the government millions if not billions every year."

A Welsh government spokesperson said: "We identify and value unpaid carers and are committed to helping carers access the support they are entitled to.

"Our national Carers Delivery plan sets out how we will meet this commitment. We are working with our partners to help more carers access advice and support, including their right to a carer's needs assessment.

"We have listened to unpaid carers' calls for help with respite and are investing £9m into a new Short Breaks Scheme. Our £4.5m Carers Support Fund has also helped thousands of carers access financial support and services."

A UK government spokesperson said: "We know families caring for those with disabilities face extra costs, which is why we are increasing disability benefits in line with inflation, making an extra £150 disability support payment as well as £900 cost of living help for those on means-tested benefits and saving households around £1,300 on energy bills this winter."

Tegan, Shaun and Alan first spoke to spoke to Dot Davies on BBC Radio Wales

Mr Stewart said he had been suffering with low mental health since October of last year

Scotland's transport minister has quit the government after saying he is suffering from poor mental health.

In his resignation letter to the first minister, Kevin Stewart said he has had bouts of low mental health since last October.

Mr Stewart said he had been feeling unwell for the past week, and could not put in the hours required to both serve his constituents and hold ministerial office.

He will continue to sit as an SNP MSP.

And he pledged to continue to support First Minister Humza Yousaf and the government from the backbenches.

The Aberdeen Central MSP wrote: "Since last October I have had bouts of poor mental health, with a low ebb in early December of last year.

"Over the last week or so I have once again been feeling unwell and I feel that I can no longer put in the hours required to serve both my constituents and hold ministerial office, while also trying to maintain good mental health."

He added: "It has been the honour of my life to serve the people of Scotland in three ministerial positions under the leadership of Nicola Sturgeon and yourself and I do hope that I have made a positive difference for our people and our country".

The first minister said Mr Stewart had a record in government that he could be proud of

In his response to the letter, the first minister said he was very sorry that Mr Stewart had resigned, but that he could understand the reasons for him doing so.

Mr Yousaf told Mr Stewart that he had a "record you can be proud of", adding: "I know what a hard-working, loyal and dedicated minister you have been in your eight years of service.

"That is much valued by me and across government, and I hope you will feel able to serve again in the future".

The first minister also said that many people underestimate the pressure that is put on government ministers, and offered Mr Stewart any support that he needed.

Mr Stewart was first elected to the Scottish Parliament in 2011, having previously served as deputy leader of Aberdeen City Council.

He was appointed as the government's local government minister by Ms Sturgeon in 2016, and as the minister for mental wellbeing and social care five years later.

He was then given the transport brief by Mr Yousaf when the new first minister unveiled his government team in March of this year, with his role including ministerial responsibility for Scotland's struggling CalMac ferry fleet.

Mr Stewart denied newspaper allegations last October that he had been thrown out of an Aberdeen nightclub after being involved in an altercation with a man while the SNP conference was being held in the city.

The shockwaves triggered by the impact of Russia's invasion on food and energy bills have been felt globally. But inflation in the UK has climbed faster and been more stubborn than in the US and EU.

Some, including Mark Carney, the former governor of the Bank of England, claim Brexit may be to blame. But it's a complex picture.

Singling out the impact of Brexit isn't easy, especially with the effects of a pandemic and a war. But there is evidence that the red tape - the form filling and other hurdles - required to bring goods into the country may have added to food bills.

More than a quarter of our food is imported from the EU.

Researchers at the London School of Economics (LSE) compared how the prices of some of those items rose compared with those of food from elsewhere. The differences may reflect other factors, and may not be purely down to Brexit.

But the academics claimed that if they were, then the extra red tape could have added £250 in total to the typical household's grocery shopping bills between December 2019 and March 2023, with meat and cheese particularly affected.

Most of that rise - about £210 - they say came through before our current cost-of-living crunch, in 2020 and 2021, as businesses were preparing and first implementing the new processes.

But in total, the LSE team reckons the changes could have accounted for over a quarter of the rise in food bills we've seen since the end of 2019. By contrast, the cost savings in new trade deals agreed since then have been minimal.

So while Brexit may not have been the biggest reason for our surging food inflation, the higher costs it added may have played a significant part.

But here's a small crumb of comfort - even with these changes, academics at Oxford Economics believe food is 7% cheaper in the UK than on average in the EU.

And official statistics show a smaller part of spending in the UK goes on food - less than £1 in every £8 - than in France or Germany.

However, a trip to the butchers, deli counter or nipping out for a pizza could become still more expensive.

The remainder of post-Brexit import checks and formalities on items brought into the UK to guard against risks to animal health and food fraud are due to be phased in from October, after they were postponed during the pandemic.

The government has streamlined several processes in the meantime, considerably reducing the extra bills importers were due to face.

But meat, dairy or fish products, for example, will have to be signed off as safe by a vet before entry, at a cost of hundreds of euros.

Every consignment of goods in such medium- and high-risk categories entering the UK will face a new charge at border posts of up to £43.

The changes will cost businesses hundreds of millions of pounds per year. And customers may ultimately foot the bill.

Meanwhile, the end of free movement means 330,000 fewer workers in the UK, according to one estimate from economists at the Centre for European Reform.

That is 1% of the workforce, but it is hitting some sectors harder than others - transport, hospitality and retail are all seeing more acute staff shortages.

Such employers tend to have to offer larger pay rises to attract and keep staff. While that is good news for those in work, who might have scored a bigger pay rise than they would have done otherwise, those costs are often passed on to customers.

Then there is a less visible possible impact. Investment - in things like equipment, skills and IT - has stalled since the referendum.

Economists, including those at the government's own independent forecasters, say part of that gap may reflect Brexit-related costs or uncertainty. That makes the UK less efficient than it could be, meaning the cost of producing stuff is higher.

But with the Windsor Framework settling the arrangements for trading with the EU between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland, economists hope some uncertainty has disappeared, and investment may get a boost. But that takes time.

The current inflation shock is truly global. But those escalating bills in the UK may come with a Brexit surcharge on top - just when households and businesses feel they can least cope.

Sinéad O'Connor saw music as the therapy to escape a turbulent childhood.

Her rebellious nature was mainly driven by resentment at the abuse she suffered as a child and her experience in a Dublin reformatory.

It was music that rescued her, unleashing a creative talent that made her a worldwide music star - but also a rebel prepared to be controversial and never play the game of being an image-led pop star.

With her elfin features and skinhead look she was one of pop music's most recognisable figures.

Sinéad Marie Bernadette O'Connor was born on 8 December 1966 in the affluent Glenageary suburb of Dublin.

She was the third of five children of Sean O'Connor and his wife Marie. The couple had married young and their relationship, often stormy, ended when O'Connor was eight.

Her brother, Joseph, once described their mother as deeply unhappy and disturbed and prone to physical and emotional abuse of her children.

O'Connor eventually moved out to go and live with her father but she often played truant to go shoplifting.

Eventually she was placed in Dublin's An Grianan Training Centre, once one of the notorious Magdalene laundries, originally set up to incarcerate young girls deemed to be promiscuous.

One nun discovered that the only way to keep this rebellious teenager in check was by buying her a guitar and setting her up with a music teacher. It was to be the saving of her.

The success of her first album made her a huge concert draw

A volunteer at the institution had a brother who played in the Irish band In Tua Nua. She did record a song with them but they felt she was too young to become a full-time member.

At 16 her father moved her to a boarding school in Waterford where a teacher recognised her talent and helped her produce a demo tape featuring two of her own compositions.

A meeting with the producer and composer Colm Farrelly saw them come together with other musicians to form the band Ton Ton Macoute.

They made an immediate impact and, when they relocated to Dublin, O'Connor dropped out of school to go with them.

Her second album won her a Grammy

Eventually she moved to London and found herself an experienced manager in Fachtna Ó Ceallaigh, who had previously worked for U2.

As well as guiding her musically, Ó Ceallaigh imbued her with his own brand of republican politics. She caused a stir when she praised the Provisional IRA, although she later apologised.

Ever the rebel, she firmly rejected attempts by her record company to change her punk look and become more girly.

"What they were describing," O'Connor later told the Daily Telegraph, "was actually their mistresses. I pointed that out to them which they didn't take terribly well."

She also fell out with the producer who had been brought in to mastermind her first album. After much persuasion, the record company allowed her to produce it herself. By this time she was seven months pregnant by her session drummer, John Reynolds, whom she went on to marry.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Sinéad O'Connor: In her own words

The Lion and the Cobra, released in 1987, was a storming success. It featured what would become the typical O'Connor sound, overdubbed harmonies and atmospheric backgrounds held together by her distinctive voice. It earned a Grammy nomination for best female rock vocal performance.

One single, Mandinka, did well in the US and was the song she chose to sing on Late Night with David Letterman, her first American primetime TV appearance.

She topped this with her follow-up album, the Grammy-winning I Do Not Want What I Haven't Got, which featured her most successful single, a cover of the Prince song Nothing Compares 2 U.

It was helped to the top of the charts in the UK, Ireland and the US by a striking video that largely featured a close-up of her face as she sang.

She cried during the making of the video and later said she found it difficult to sing the song because it reminded her of the loss of her mother, who had died in a car accident in 1985.

But controversy was never far away. She refused to perform at a concert venue in New Jersey unless it dropped its normal practice of playing the US national anthem before she went on.

The venue reluctantly agreed but it led to a boycott of her songs by a number of US radio stations.

A month after the release of I'm Not Your Girl, a collection of jazz standards, O'Connor performed a version of Bob Marley's War on NBC's Saturday Night Live, substituting some of the words so it became a protest against child sexual abuse in the Catholic Church.

To the horror of the producers she held up a photo of Pope John Paul II to the camera and tore it in half. NBC received more than 4,000 complaints from viewers and many destroyed copies of her records.

At a subsequent live appearance she was booed so much she couldn't perform. At the end of 1992 she returned to live in Dublin.

Her fourth album, Universal Mother, featuring writing contributions from Germaine Greer and Kurt Cobain, failed to emulate the success of her earlier work. It was to be her last studio album for six years.

Having split from her husband, she found herself locked in a long custody battle with the journalist John Waters, who had fathered her second child, a daughter named Roisin. The stress caused her to attempt suicide in 1999.

In one of the stranger turns of her life she was ordained a priest in the Latin Tridentine Church, an independent Catholic church, not in communion with Rome. Despite her disdain for the Church hierarchy, O'Connor always maintained she was a practising Christian and a devout Catholic.

She went back into the studio in 2000 to record the album Faith and Courage. Largely self-penned, it failed to break into the Top 20 in all but the Australian album charts.

There was a brief second marriage with the journalist Nick Sommerlad before she had a third child, Shane, with the musician Donal Lunny.

She surprised many by being ordained as a priest

The 2002 album Sean-Nos Nua featured a reworking of traditional Irish folk songs. A year later she released a compilation of previously unheard tracks and demos before announcing she was retiring from music.

Both her mental and physical health were suffering, Diagnosed with bipolar disorder, she was also battling the painful condition of fibromyalgia.

A spell in Jamaica resulted in her seventh studio album, Throw Down Your Arms, a collection of reggae-flavoured covers that met with positive reviews.

She gave birth to her fourth child, Yeshua Francis Bonadio in 2006, fathered by her then partner Frank Bonadio. The following year she released yet another album, Theology. It failed to ignite the charts.

A third marriage in 2010 to long-time friend Steve Cooney lasted less than a year.

She came back to musical form with How About I Be Me (and You Be You) released in 2012, which reached number five in Ireland and 33 in the UK charts.

There was a very public spat with the singer Miley Cyrus in 2013 after O'Connor published a letter on her website, criticising Cyrus for her overtly sexual videos. Cyrus responded by describing O'Connor as "crazy".

At her best she was an artist of real talent

O'Connor proved she could still deliver the goods with the release of her 2014 album I'm Not Bossy, I'm the Boss. She appeared on the cover wearing a wig and figure-hugging black dress while caressing a guitar.

But her mental health was still precarious. In November 2015, after recovering from a hysterectomy, she posted a message on Facebook announcing she was staying at a hotel and contemplating suicide. She was found safe and well and received medical treatment.

Converting to Islam in 2018, she changed her name to Shuhada' Sadaqat, but continued to perform under her birth name.

She released a memoir, Rememberings, in June 2021 and took part in media interviews to promote it, some of them fraught. The singer said she felt "badly triggered" by an interview on BBC Radio 4's Woman's Hour about her mental health struggles and the media's coverage of it.

More trauma came in January 2022, when her 17-year-old son Shane took his own life. The musician posted a series of concerning tweets in the wake of his death, indicating she was considering suicide and telling followers she had been admitted to hospital.

Sinéad O'Connor was a precocious talent who used music as a means of dealing with the demons inside her. A contradictory figure in many ways, she always refused to toe the establishment line, something that saw her achieve less success than she deserved.

The singer though was unapologetic and unrepentant for those life choices. "I always say, if you live with the devil, you find out there's a god."

If you have been affected by any of the issues raised in this article, you can visit the BBC Action Line for help.

Texas' Republican-run House of Representatives has voted to impeach state Attorney General Ken Paxton, a Republican, who is accused of bribery and abuse of public trust.

Mr Paxton, an ally of former President Donald Trump, is now suspended from office pending a trial in the Senate.

A two-thirds vote in the upper chamber - where Republicans also dominate - is required to permanently expel him.

Mr Paxton, aged 60, denies all the accusations against him.

Responding to a 121-23 vote in the House on Saturday, Mr Paxton said in a statement: "The ugly spectacle in the Texas House today confirmed the outrageous impeachment plot against me was never meant to be fair or just.

"It was a politically motivated sham from the beginning."

The impeachment vote was on 20 articles, which also include accusations of improperly aiding a wealthy political donor and conducting a sham investigation against whistleblowers.

The result demonstrates a very public split between Texas Republicans.

"Attorney General Paxton continuously and blatantly violated laws, rules, policies and procedures," House Republican David Spiller said.

"Today is a very grim and difficult day for this House and for the state of Texas," he added.

But John Smithee, another Texas House Republican, opposed the impeachment, arguing that the attorney general had not been given the chance to properly respond to the allegations against him.

"It's what I call the hang him now and judge him later policy," Mr Smithee said.

Meanwhile, Mr Trump - who hopes to win a Republican nomination for the 2024 election - backed Mr Paxton.

Shortly before the vote, he wrote "free Ken Paxton" in a post on social media.

Mr Paxton (left) and Mr Trump greet one another at a rally for Trump in Texas last year

The House vote makes Mr Paxton the first state official in Texas to be impeached in almost 50 years.

Texas' Republican Governor Greg Abbott has the powers to appoint an interim state attorney general even before the Senate trial is concluded.

Mr Paxton is well-known in America for his high-profile litigation campaigns.

In 2020, he unsuccessfully pressed the US Supreme Court to overturn Mr Trump's defeat to Democratic challenger Joe Biden in the presidential election.

Five years earlier, Mr Paxton called the Supreme Court's decision legalising gay marriage in all 50 states a "lawless ruling", vowing to support state workers who refuse to marry couples on religious grounds.

But he is perhaps best known for spearheading the ongoing fight in the courts to challenge the Biden administration's changes to the immigration system.

Mr Paxton has said the measures he is fighting would encourage illegal crossings and burden Texas and other states with additional expenses for law enforcement, health care and education, the New York Times reports.

Britons travelling to France may face disruption and are advised to monitor the media, the Foreign Office has said, as the country grapples with widespread rioting.

In new travel advice, the government urged Britons to avoid the riots, saying their locations and timings were "unpredictable".

They also said it was "more important than ever" to get travel insurance.

Riots began on Tuesday after police shot a 17-year-old of Algerian descent.

Nahel M was killed as he drove away from a traffic stop. His death has reignited debate around the state of French policing, including questions of racism in the force.

The Foreign Office updated its travel advice for France on Friday, warning there could disruption to road travel and local transport, and that further curfews may be imposed by some local authorities.

Britons should check the latest travel information from operators and follow the advice of local authorities, it said.

The government said it was "more important than ever to get travel insurance and check it provides sufficient cover". It has also provided online guidance on foreign travel insurance.

So far, the Foreign Office has not changed its advice to warn against all but essential travel - a move which would invalidate many travel insurance policies.

More than 470 people were arrested in further violence on Friday evening, but France's interior minister insisted there had been a "downturn" in unrest.

President Emmanuel Macron said thousands more officers would be deployed to contain the violence, but stopped short of declaring a state of emergency.

Paris Aeroport, which manages Orly and Charles de Gaulle airports, reported road and rail disruptions from the capital to its airports from 21:00 local time.

As of early on Saturday morning, rail services from the UK to France on the Eurostar were scheduled as normal.

Around 17 million British nationals visit France every year, according to the Foreign Office.

Clamart, a Parisian suburb which was the first place to declare a curfew, announced restrictions between 21:00 and 06:00 local time from Thursday until Monday.

One in every five fish caught around the world is done so by illegal or unregulated fishing

Late last year, the Spanish government fined 25 Spanish-flagged fishing ships that had been operating near Argentina's territorial waters.

The financial penalties were imposed because the vessels had illegally turned off the GPS-based automatic identification systems (AIS), which were transmitting their positions. This is often a sign that a vessel is engaged in illegal fishing.

"It's estimated that illegal or unregulated fishing is as much as 20% of what's caught," says David Kroodsma, head of the research team at Global Fishing Watch.

Such illegal, unreported and unregulated (IUU) fishing may catch as much as 26 million tonnes of fish every year, or one in every five fish, according to the UN Food and Agriculture Organisation. It says that in financial terms this black market is worth up to $23bn (£18bn).

This contributes significantly to overfishing, with the UN adding that a third of global fish stocks are now being fished beyond biologically sustainable levels. For example it's estimated that the population of bluefin tuna, is just 2.6% of its historic, unfished size.

David Kroodsma says that illegal fishing needs to be more seriously tackled

"Sharks and rays are at the brink of extinction," says Mr Kroodsma. "You have extinction threats to sea birds and turtles from bycatch. It is really sad, because we could manage the oceans so much better."

Global Fishing Watch was co-founded by Google, marine conservation body Oceana, and environmental group SkyTruth. The latter studies satellite images to spot environmental damage.

To try to better monitor and quantify the problem of overfishing, Global Fishing Watch is now using increasingly sophisticated AI software, and satellite imagery, to globally map the movements of more than 65,000 commercial fishing vessels, both those with - and without - AIS.

The AI analyses millions of gigabytes of satellite imagery to detect vessels and offshore infrastructure. It then looks at publicly accessible data from ships' AIS signals, and combines this with radar and optical imagery to identify vessels that fail to broadcast their positions.

And while not all ships are legally required to use AIS, the AI and its "fishing detection algorithm" aims to work out which of these "dark" vessels are likely to be engaging in fishing.

"We use information like the length of the vessel, plus environmental information as to where that vessel is located, the imaging of the area, the density of vessel traffic in the area, the state of the ocean, like the temperature - a bunch of information on where the vessel is operating," says Fernando Paolo, Global Fishing Watch's senior remote sensing machine learning engineer.

"And this model infers whether the vessel is likely a fishing vessel or not a fishing vessel, like passenger vessels, oil tankers, shipping vessels and that kind of stuff."

The researchers have found that three quarters of the world's industrial fishing vessels are not publicly tracked, with particular hot spots around Africa and South Asia.

Global Fishing Watch is now working to introduce higher-resolution imagery to help spot more smaller fishing vessels.

Global Fishing Watch creates a map where the darker the orange the more fishing in an area is not publicly tracked

However, stamping out illegal fishing means getting data as quickly as possible - and a project from the University of Southampton and local firm RS Aqua is aiming to do just that.

The team is building a submarine robot that uses underwater sensors and AI to identify the sound of fishing, and transmit the information in real time. The AI can already differentiate between the natural sounds of the ocean, and is now being trained to identify the noise of trawlers operating in protected waters.

"Part of the drive of the project is to try and put something in place that would help monitor fishing activity within marine protected areas [MPAs]," says University of Southampton professor of statistical signal processing Paul White.

"There's a definite concern that by creating these ecosystems with higher densities of fish, those are going to be attractive to fishermen."

Currently there are around 15,000 MPAs around the globe, which account for 8% of the world's oceans. Yet one study says that less than half are actually "fully protected" from fishing.

Mr White says the aim is that if the robot senses fishing, it will automatically contact authorities who can send out a patrol vessel.

He adds: "Exactly what form of AI we're going to use, we've not completely fixed on yet. Part of the problem is that for this to work it has to sit in the ocean for many months. You can't put something out in one week and then have to go back and change the batteries.

"It's got to be very power efficient, which means you can't have very complicated algorithms running, but they need to be sufficiently powerful to distinguish something like trawler noise from other sources of noise in the ocean."

The University of Southampton's underwater robot, pictured, is being trained to recognise the sound of fishing

Paul Lansbergen, chair of the International Coalition of Fisheries, says that illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing (IUU) "is a scourge of the industry".

"The sustainability impacts and economic damages are very real, but it's also no longer an issue that persists in the shadows. Industry leaders, policy makers, and associated stakeholders are all focusing on the challenge.

"Emerging technology, like AI, is complementary to traditional law enforcement and placing IUU in the cross hairs. But consumers also need to make sustainable choices and make it tougher on IUU fishers. We all play a role."

In April, most frontline officers and staff were told they would need to be clean shaven

Police Scotland has postponed a new clean-shaven policy after taking health and safety advice and listening to officers, the force has said.

The policy, already delayed from May, would need many frontline officers and staff to remove beards and moustaches.

The Scottish Police Federation (SPF), the LGBTI Police Association and others criticised the plans and four officers took legal action.

Police Scotland said the policy would be reviewed again in 12 months.

Assistant Chief Constable Alan Speirs said: "I am very grateful to all divisions, staff associations and unions who provided valuable feedback during the consultation phase.

"Postponing implementation allows further examination of the evidence base for a policy which is proportionate and justifies change, particularly where that changes has a significant impact on officers and staff.

"This work will be reviewed in 12 months to ensure we reach an agreed position on a policy which has the health and safety of our people at its core."

The clean-shaven policy was designed to allow officers to wear protective masks

In April, ACC Speirs had written a message on the force's internal website saying, with some exceptions, frontline officers and staff would need to be clean shaven so they could wear protective FFP3 masks.

He said the implementation of the policy had been approved by the chief constable and it was due to be introduced on 29 May.

But the force had not carried out a consultation at this point and the SPF, which represents rank-and-file police officers, said it had been inundated with complaints.

Police Scotland told the BBC it took the decision to postpone after seeking further health and safety advice and listening to the "lived experience of its people".

The federation's general secretary, David Kennedy, said: "It was highly criticised from all areas of the service and whether to delay indefinitely, or until proper understanding as to why such a policy would ever be required, can only be described as the correct decision. "

Police Scotland did not confirm whether any agreement had been reached with the four male officers who took legal action in relation to facial hair.

"John Doe I" had his hand cut off and eye gouged out, according to court documents. He died in 2003

Eleven Indonesian villagers from Aceh province have reached a confidential financial settlement with oil giant ExxonMobil.

The villagers have been at the centre of a two-decade long legal battle over alleged human rights abuses.

They say they endured torture, sexual assault, and beatings by Indonesian soldiers contracted by ExxonMobil.

ExxonMobil said it condemns such abuses "including those asserted in this case against the Indonesian military".

The villagers allege a number of crimes were committed - these included witnessing their loved ones being shot.

They also said pregnant women were forced to jump repeatedly before being sexually assaulted, and men were subjected to electric shocks, burns, and knife-inflicted graffiti on their backs.

In a statement, the oil giant said: "It should be noted while there were no allegations that any employee directly harmed any of the plaintiffs, the settlement brings closure for all parties."

"We express our deepest sympathy to the families and the people who were involved."

The alleged atrocities were said to have taken place in and around ExxonMobil's operations in the Arun field, North Aceh. This gas field, referred to as "the jewel in the company's crown", was among the world's largest natural gas fields.

During much of the litigation period, ExxonMobil reported significant profits.

A trial was scheduled to begin at the end of this month in Washington but has now been averted due to the settlement.

The plaintiffs, identified only as Jane and John Doe for their safety, said they were satisfied with the outcome.

A file photo from 2001 shows children playing in front of a gas facility owned by ExxonMobil in Aceh

"While nothing will bring back my husband, this victory delivers the justice we have spent two decades fighting for and will be life-changing for me and my family," one of the villagers said.

Their lawyer Agnieszka Fryszman praised their bravery in taking on one of the world's largest and most profitable corporations for more than 20 years.

Founder and executive director of International Rights Advocates and the attorney who filed this case in 2001, Terrence Collingsworth, said he was "pleased the villagers will have some peace" after the settlement.

"Their dedication and commitment to seeking accountability over two decades is inspiring," he said.

Michel Paradis, a lecturer at Columbia Law School, who was not involved in the case, described the outcome as momentous.

"Exxon and its lawyers threw everything they could at them, and they overcame it. That is a testament not simply to their perseverance, but to the justness of their cause."

"They and their lawyers should take tremendous satisfaction in the fact that they not only succeeded in getting accountability for what was done to them, but that they helped advance a sea change of reform to the way corporations govern themselves that will prevent things like this from happening again."

The financial details of the settlement remain undisclosed to protect the safety of the plaintiffs, who will maintain their anonymity.

While the financial settlement marks a resolution in the legal process, Indonesian human rights activists emphasize that it does not address the deep psychological trauma endured by the victims.

However, they believe that the outcome is significant in that it has brought the alleged atrocities to the attention of the world.

Lincolnshire Police posted a picture of the frozen lake at Hartsholme Country Park on social media

Police have been called to reports of children playing on the ice on a frozen lake in Lincoln.

Officers were sent to Hartsholme Country Park on Wednesday afternoon.

Lincolnshire Police later posted an image of the pond on social media, saying: "This may look like a picturesque frozen lake, but the ice is thin and unstable."

A force spokesperson said: "After the upsetting news in Solihull, we cannot overstate how dangerous this is."

"Falling into freezing water through ice can be fatal in minutes," they added.

"Please make sure you educate your children about the dangers of ice and cold water."

Following the incident in Lincoln, Dan Moss from Lincolnshire Fire and Rescue Service said people should stay away from frozen lakes and ponds.

"Even if they look strong enough to take your weight, they might not be," he said.

"Never enter the water if you see someone struggling, as you are likely to get into trouble as well. This also applies to dogs or other animals who may have fallen into water.

"Call the emergency services and remain calm and give as much information as you can to the call handler."

Mr Moss went on to ask parents "to always know where your children are playing and remind them about the dangers of frozen lakes and ponds."

Four boys, aged 6, 8, 10 and 11, died after falling into an icy lake in Solihull in the West Midlands on Sunday.

Follow BBC East Yorkshire and Lincolnshire on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. Send your story ideas to yorkslincs.news@bbc.co.uk.

An armed group has crossed from Ukraine into Russia's Belgorod region and clashes there have injured a number of people, Russian authorities say.

Local governor Vyacheslav Gladkov said Russian forces were searching for "saboteurs" who, he said, had attacked Grayvoronsky district by the border.

Vladimir Putin's spokesman said the Russian president had been informed.

Ukraine denies responsibility and said Russian citizens from two paramilitary groups were behind the incursion.

Mr Gladkov said eight people had been hurt, including two people admitted to hospital after a village was shelled and three people who were hit by shrapnel in the town of Grayvoron.

Fighting had also damaged three houses and a local administrative building, and the situation remains "extremely tense", he said.

The governor said a "counter-terrorist operation" had been launched in the region, giving special powers to the authorities including on identity checks and communications surveillance.

BBC Verify has been analysing footage from the Belgorod region that emerged on social media on Monday.

So far, the team has located a video apparently filmed from a drone that features several armoured vehicles near a border checkpoint south of Belgorod. Additionally, BBC Verify has geolocated footage of helicopters operating in the region.

The footage is recent, but it is hard to say for certain from the videos what the exact sequence of events is.

Kyiv said those behind the ongoing incident were from groups called the Liberty of Russia Legion and the Russian Volunteer Corps (RVC).

The Liberty of Russia Legion - a Ukraine-based Russian militia which says it is working inside Russia to overthrow President Vladimir Putin - said on Twitter on Monday it had "completely liberated" the border town of Kozinka. It said forward units had reached the town of Grayvoron, further east.

However Mr Putin's spokesman Dmitry Peskov told Russian news agencies that efforts were under way to eliminate the sabotage group, and said its purpose was to draw attention away from the eastern Ukrainian town of Bakhmut - which a Russian mercenary group claims to have taken control of after months of intense and bloody fighting.

"We perfectly understand the purpose of such sabotage - to divert attention from the Bakhmut direction, to minimise the political effect of the loss of Artyomovsk [Bakhmut] by the Ukrainian side," he said.

Kyiv says it still controls parts of the city.

"Behind these attacks are Russian citizens who are fed up with the actions of their terrorist regime", commented Yurik Sak, an adviser to Ukraine's defence minister.

Speaking to BBC Radio 4's World Tonight programme, he welcomed the developments and pointed to what he called a "growing trend of Russian partisan movements".

But he said he could not confirm or deny whether his country was harbouring or supporting the groups involved.

The latest incident comes ahead of a widely expected counter-offensive by Kyiv against invading Russian forces.

Parts of Belgorod and several other Russian regions have come under artillery or drone attack since Moscow launched its full-scale invasion of Ukraine in February last year.

Russian officials have blamed the Ukrainian military, although Ukraine has denied responsibility for alleged sabotage attacks on Russian territory.

In April, Russia accidentally dropped a bomb on the city of Belgorod, which lies 40km (25 miles) north of the border with Ukraine.

More than 3,000 people were evacuated from their homes after an undetonated explosive was found days later.

Last updated on .From the section Horse Racing

A protester was detained by police on the racecourse during the Epsom Derby, but failed to stop the race.

Police said officers acted "quickly and decisively" after a man jumped the fence during the day's main event.

More than 30 protesters were arrested on Saturday.

Protest group Animal Rising said it wanted to protect horses and accused the police of "heavy-handedness and intimidation tactics".

Last week, race organisers the Jockey Club won a High Court injunction to prevent animal rights protesters disrupting the event.

A huge security operation has been under way throughout Saturday, including pre-emptive arrests in the early hours of the morning.

Despite security and police officers being stationed around the racecourse, one man was able to break through the cordon while the race was in progress, and another woman was detained while trying to climb over the fence.

Activist group Animal Rising shared a video on Twitter of the protester who entered the track being bundled to the floor by security and quickly dragged away.

Racegoers could be heard jeering at the protesters and shouting abuse.

Jack Cummins, 23, from Cambridge, witnessed the protest. He told the PA news agency: "The guy started running down the course from the hill side - to be fair to security and police, they grabbed him pretty quickly and dragged him off.

"Pretty stupid of him to do it, protesters don't understand how well-treated these horses are - they're putting the horses in more danger than they'll have ever been in by jumping into the track."

Nevin Truesdale, head of the Jockey Club, said the protester's actions were "reckless and illegal" and "threatened the safety of our equine and human athletes".

Animal Rising said the race was allowed to start once the protester was already on the course but ITV's on-air correspondent said timecodes showed the race had just begun when he came on to the track.

British Horseracing Authority (BHA) chief executive Julie Harrington said he ran on to the track after the race had started, calling it "reckless and dangerous behaviour".

A spokesperson said: "Despite The Jockey Club's claim that the horses safety is paramount, they decided to start the race despite knowing that a protester was on the tracks.

"Another sickening display of profit (over) care for animals."

Surrey Police said it had detained 12 suspected protesters in the grounds of Epsom racecourse, while 19 were arrested before the event began.

A police spokesperson said 11 people were arrested at addresses in nearby Mitcham and Byfleet after detectives received "intelligence", and a further eight were arrested after their vehicle was stopped less than three miles from Epsom Downs Racecourse.

All were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit public nuisance and remain in police custody.

In a statement following those initial arrests, Animal Rising accused police of using "heavy-handedness and intimidation tactics" and reiterated their "commitment to protect horses and disrupt the Derby".

Organisers spent an extra £150,000 on security measures, and there was noticeably more security along the track, with printed-out copies of the High Court injunction attached to the perimeter of the racecourse with plastic coils.

Men who arrived wearing bowler hats were asked to take them off so security could see if there was anything hidden inside them, and a new six-foot fence was installed around the area where members of the public enter the compound.

Tight security included police spotters with binoculars at the top of the Queen Elizabeth stand and other police officers with rifles walking around enclosures and the grounds.

Ryan Moore won his third Derby by guiding Auguste Rodin to victory at Epsom as Frankie Dettori finished 10th on Arrest in his last ride in the race.

The race was moved from its traditional 16:30 time slot to avoid clashing with the FA Cup final at 15:00.

In April, animal rights activists delayed the start of the Grand National by getting on to the track at Aintree.

Protesters also tried to disrupt the Scottish Grand National the following week.

Animal Rising spokesperson Nathan McGovern has previously said: "We are looking to continue the conversation that we started at the Grand National about our broken relationship with animals and nature.

"On the ground we are looking to cause the cancellation or severe delay of the event so that everyone in the country has this discussion."

Francesca Amewudah-Rivers will play Juliet in a new production of Shakespeare's romance

The theatre company behind a new West End production of Romeo and Juliet has condemned the "deplorable racial abuse" directed towards one of its stars.

The show, which features Spider-Man actor Tom Holland as Romeo, unveiled its full cast last week, including Francesca Amewudah-Rivers as Juliet.

On Friday, the Jamie Lloyd Company said there had been "a barrage of deplorable racial abuse online directed towards a member of our company".

"This must stop," a statement said.

"We are working with a remarkable group of artists. We insist that they are free to create work without facing online harassment.

"We will continue to support and protect everyone in our company at all costs. Any abuse will not be tolerated and will be reported.

"Bullying and harassment have no place online, in our industry or in our wider communities."

Tom Holland is a 27-year-old British actor best known for his role in Spider-Man

It was announced in February that Holland would star in the new production of Shakespeare's romantic tragedy.

It will mark the first time the actor has appeared on stage as an adult, having previously starred in Billy Elliot The Musical as a child.

Amewudah-Rivers will make her West End debut opposite Holland, with the play directed by Lloyd.

The rehearsal room is "full of joy, compassion and kindness", the statement said, adding that the company celebrates the "extraordinary talent" of everyone involved in the show.

"The Romeo and Juliet community will continue to rehearse with generosity and love, and focus on the creation of our production," it added.

The show will run at the Duke of York's Theatre in London from 11 May until 3 August.
• None Holland to star in Romeo and Juliet in West End

Fiona Bruce asked the Question Time audience if they believed the former PM was truthful when he gave evidence to the Commons privileges committee about Partygate.

The presenter said the survey was not scientific, but more people at the Staffordshire venue had voted Conservative than for any other party.

UK viewers can see the programme in full

Mr Beattie was reappointed as the SNP's treasurer in 2021 after previously having held the role for 16 years

SNP treasurer Colin Beattie who was arrested by police investigating the party's finances has been released without charge pending further investigation.

The 71-year-old was taken into custody on Tuesday morning and was questioned by Police Scotland detectives.

He returned to his home in Dalkeith in Midlothian just after 20:00.

First Minister Humza Yousaf earlier said Mr Beattie's arrest was "clearly a very serious matter indeed".

The arrest came just hours before Mr Yousaf set out his government's priorities for the next three years.

Police Scotland launched its Operation Branchform investigation into the SNP's finances in July 2021 after receiving complaints about how donations were used.

Former SNP chief executive Peter Murrell, Nicola Sturgeon's husband, was arrested two weeks ago, before also being released without charge pending further investigation.

Police spent two days searching the home of Nicola Sturgeon and Peter Murrell earlier this month

The SNP raised £666,953 through referendum-related appeals between 2017 and 2020 with a pledge to spend these funds on the independence campaign.

Questions were raised after its accounts showed it had just under £97,000 in the bank at the end of 2019, and total net assets of about £272,000.

Officers involved in the investigation spent two days searching the Glasgow home of Mr Murrell and Ms Sturgeon, and the party's headquarters in Edinburgh earlier this month.

A luxury motorhome was seized by officers from outside a property in Dunfermline on the same morning that Mr Murrell was arrested.

The Mail on Sunday reported that the vehicle had been parked outside the home of Mr Murrell's 92-year-old mother since January 2021.

Earlier on Tuesday, the Scottish Conservatives' deputy leader Meghan Gallacher said the SNP was in "total meltdown".

Speaking in the Scottish Parliament, she urged the first minister to suspend his predecessor, Nicola Sturgeon, and Mr Murrell from the party. Her calls were rejected by Mr Yousaf.

Mr Beattie is the MSP for the Midlothian North and Musselburgh constituency and is a former international banker.

The Sunday Times reported at the weekend that he had told the party's ruling national executive committee (NEC) that the SNP was struggling to balance its books due to a drop in member numbers and donors.

Mr Beattie served as the SNP's treasurer for 16 years before being defeated in an internal election by Douglas Chapman in 2020, but returned to the role when Mr Chapman resigned a year later.

Mr Chapman quit after saying he had "not received the support or financial information" that was needed to carry out his duties as treasurer.

Jess Waterman "was beautiful inside and out", her family said

A driver without a licence who crashed his car and abandoned his fatally injured girlfriend at the scene has been jailed for more than four years.

Essex Police were called to Epping, at about 22:30 GMT on 19 February 2022 and found Jess Waterman, 20, in the passenger seat of a Mini.

She died in hospital less than 24 hours after the crash on Houblons Hill.

Nathan Towers, 33, of Broadoaks in Epping, admitted causing death by careless driving and other offences.

Jess Waterman's family said they could "never forgive or forget the cold, calm and calculated actions of Nathan Towers"

Police said they received four 999 calls about the crash from a man who said he had come across a single-vehicle collision.

They traced the calls to Towers' address, and found him washing muddy clothes at 01:30 the following day.

After his arrest, they discovered his mobile phone which matched the phone number used to call the police.

Doorbell footage showed him arriving to pick up Ms Waterman, from Bishop's Stortford, Hertfordshire, in the Mini and it recorded him arriving in the clothes recovered from the washing machine, police said.

Towers also pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice and fraud.

Jess was also described as a "treasured, older sister"

In a statement issued via the police, the Waterman family said: "We have seen some justice for our beloved daughter Jess, but we can never forgive or forget the cold, calm and calculated actions of Nathan Towers.

"Our Jess was a beautiful, vibrant, and caring young woman who had touched the lives of so many.

"She was our light, and our world is a darker place without her."

Insp Mark Fraser said Towers had never passed a driving test.

"That night, after losing control of his vehicle in a collision which tragically caused Jess to lose her life, he callously and selfishly fled the scene to avoid arrest, with no regard for Jess or her injuries," he said.

Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp us on 0800 169 1830

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

More than 200 million people subscribe to Amazon Prime globally

The US has accused Amazon of tricking customers into signing up for automatically renewing Prime subscriptions and making it difficult to cancel.

The Federal Trade Commission (FTC), the country's consumer rights watchdog, made the claims in a lawsuit.

Amazon rejected the charges, calling them "false on the facts and the law".

More than 200 million people subscribe to Prime globally. The service, which offers shipping perks, access to streaming movies and more, costs $139 a year or $14.99 monthly in the US and £95 per year in the UK.

The FTC said Amazon used website designs that pushed customers into agreeing to enrol in Prime and have the subscription automatically renew as they were making purchases.

The company attempted to make it difficult for users to opt out of auto-enrolment because "those changes would also negatively affect Amazon's bottom line", the agency alleged in the complaint, filed in federal court in Seattle.

It also said Amazon put customers seeking to cancel through a cumbersome "four-page, six-click, fifteen option" process, which the FTC said was known internally as "Iliad" in a nod to the Greek epic about the "long, arduous Trojan War".

Though Amazon altered the cancellation process shortly before the lawsuit was filed, the FTC said the company's tactics broke laws aimed at protecting shoppers.

"Amazon tricked and trapped people into recurring subscriptions without their consent, not only frustrating users but also costing them significant money," FTC Chair Lina Khan said.

The FTC is seeking a court order to force Amazon to change its practices, as well as financial penalties in an unspecified amount.

Amazon said it had been in the middle of discussing the issues with the agency when the lawsuit was filed without notice.

"The truth is that customers love Prime, and by design we make it clear and simple for customers to both sign up for or cancel their Prime membership," the company said.

The FTC has repeatedly warned online firms against using "dark patterns" to manipulate shoppers.

It had been investigating Amazon's Prime programme since 2021.

It said the company had attempted to delay the probe on multiple occasions, including by refusing to deliver documents in a timely manner.

Evelyn Mitchell-Wolf, a senior analyst at Insider Intelligence analyst said the FTC was "making an example of Amazon".

"It's quite common for companies to make it more difficult to cancel an account than it is to create one," she said.

Ms Khan, who was appointed to her post by President Joe Biden, made her name critiquing US competition policy related to Amazon.

She has promised to move more aggressively to police online shopping and the power of America's tech giants.

The lawsuit marks the third action from the FTC involving Amazon in recent weeks.

The company agreed to pay $25m last month to settle charges it had violated child privacy laws by keeping recordings children made on Alexa.

It agreed to pay another $5.8m to resolve claims that Ring, the doorbell company Amazon purchased in 2018, had violated privacy protections by giving staff unrestricted access to customer videos and failing to implement precautions against hackers.

Sign up for our UK morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

Warnings of possible wildfires have been issued for parts of Scotland, despite the snow and freezing weather.

The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service (SFRS) warned of an "extreme" risk of grassland catching fire in parts of southwest and central Scotland.

The SFRS said cold, dry conditions can create the "ideal set of circumstances" for wildfires to spread.

A Met Office alert for snow and ice is in place for much of Scotland from 18:00 until 06:00 on Sunday.

The wildfire warning comes at the end of a week which has seen temperatures plummet, with -16C recorded at Altnaharra - the lowest UK March temperature since 2010.

Further snow is forecast this weekend, with up to 10cm (4in) expected at the highest levels.

Many parts of the Borders, like Midlem, saw snowfalls overnight from Thursday into Friday

The SFRS said the increased risk of wildfires was due to the weather pattern over the next few days, dominated by low pressure, warm air to the south, cold air to the north and low humidity in the south-west.

Large amounts of dead grass and heather from last year have dried out quickly due to the combination of frost, low relative humidity, sunshine and wind.

SFRS Deputy Assistant Chief Officer, Bruce Farquharson, said Scotland's spring weather presented the ideal conditions for wildfires.

He added: "We have the combination of vegetation that's dried out over the winter and frost has pulled all the moisture out of that vegetation.

"It just takes the slightest ignition source and we have great opportunities for fires to take hold and spread.

"So cold, dry days with a little bit of sun make an ideal set of circumstances for wildfires to start."

The fire service has urged people visiting or working outside in rural areas to exercise caution to avoid starting fires.

The footage shows young people fighting on the platform after the man (centre, in white t-shirt) was kicked on the head

Police are appealing for information about social media footage showing a man being kicked repeatedly in the head by a gang at Ballymoney train station.

Up to 20 people were reported to have been fighting on a train. It spilled out on to a platform on Saturday.

A glass bottle was smashed and a 14-year-old boy was taken to hospital. Several others were treated for their injuries at the station.

Police are still working to establish a motive for the attack.

Officers were sent to the station to bring the disturbance, which happened on Saturday evening, under control. They cautioned three people.

Sgt Jamie Halligan said: "We are aware of the concern surrounding this incident and the footage circulating on social media.

"Our inquiries are ongoing and we would appeal for the public's assistance."

Public transport provider Translink said CCTV footage had been provided to the police to help them with the investigation.

"The safety of our passengers and staff is our top priority and we strongly condemn this serious incident," said Translink.

"We would appeal to anyone with further information to contact the Police Service of Northern Ireland.

"We operate a reward scheme of up to £1,000 for anyone who provides evidence which leads to a successful conviction."

Translink has given CCTV footage of the incident to the police

Politicians on Causeway Coast and Glens Borough Council also condemned the violence.

Alliance Party councillor Lee Kane said he was aware of videos and photographs circulating that show "horrific scenes" at the train station.

"This behaviour has absolutely no place in our town, our community or our society," he said.

"Our thoughts are with the victim of the attack, Translink staff who had to deal with a very difficult situation and others on the train who were witness to this violent act."

Ulster Unionist councillor Darryl Wilson described it as "gruesome assault" and said he was "beyond horrified at the footage".

"Those responsible must be brought to justice and feel the full force of the law," he said.

Media reports have suggested Willoughby and Schofield's relationship has cooled in recent weeks

Phillip Schofield has described co-star Holly Willoughby as his "rock" following reports the pair's relationship has come under strain.

The atmosphere between the two This Morning hosts is said to have recently become frosty behind the scenes.

In a statement, Schofield admitted: "The last few weeks haven't been easy for either of us."

But, he added, Willoughby had still been "an incredible support" to him throughout a difficult period.

Schofield recently returned to the ITV daytime show after taking pre-planned leave around his younger brother's sex abuse trial at Exeter Crown Court.

In April, Timothy Schofield was convicted of 11 sexual offences involving a child between October 2016 and October 2019, including two of sexual activity with a child.

Separately, Willoughby has also recently taken time off presenting This Morning due to illness.

The Sun previously reported a "cooling" of the pair's friendship in recent weeks.

But in a subsequent statement, Schofield told the paper: "As I have said before, Holly is my rock. We're the best of friends - as always, she is an incredible support on screen, behind the scenes and on the phone.

The pair also present ITV's Dancing On Ice together

"Holly has always been there for me, through thick and thin. And I've been there for her.

"The last few weeks haven't been easy for either of us."

He continued: "My family went through a real ordeal, and Holly's support throughout meant the world to me - as did the support of my bosses at ITV, my editor Martin Frizell and the whole This Morning family, including our amazing viewers.

"And of course Holly has herself been ill with shingles.

"Whatever happens, we still have each other to count on."

Schofield has been a regular presenter on This Morning since 2002, and Willoughby since 2009. The pair also present ITV's Dancing On Ice together.

Last year, they faced criticism after their press visit to the Queen's lying in state was interpreted by many as skipping the 20-hour queue outside.

In October, following the controversy, Schofield thanked viewers after This Morning took home the daytime prize at the National Television Awards, saying: "This means so much to us every year, especially this year."

The publication of leaked WhatsApp messages sent and received by former health secretary Matt Hancock has highlighted the issue of government policy on care homes during the first wave of coronavirus.

The Telegraph claims Mr Hancock ignored advice - in April 2020 - to test everybody going into care homes.

His spokesperson disputes this and says he had also been advised that there was not enough capacity to do so.

So, what action did the government take in the care sector in England, where there were more than 40,000 deaths involving Covid-19.

On 14 March 2020, the government began prioritising the most vulnerable individuals for testing, including those in hospitals and care homes.

If an outbreak was suspected, a handful of residents at a home could be tested.

Reality Check understands that some care providers found access to testing to be very limited at this time.

Figures for March to May 2020

On 14 April, according to messages seen by The Telegraph, which we cannot independently verify, there was discussion of advice from Chief Medical Officer Sir Chris Whitty to Mr Hancock that there should be testing for everyone going into care homes.

It is reported that Mr Hancock initially accepted that advice but later that day changed his mind and said the government should just commit to testing people being moved to care homes from hospitals.

Mr Hancock's spokesperson said this followed an operational meeting at which he had been advised that it was not possible to test everyone going into care homes.

On 15 April, the social care action plan was launched as care home deaths in England were peaking at around 400 a day.

This included a pledge to test all care staff who needed one, for example if they were in a household that was self-isolating.

At that point, just 1,000 care staff had been tested out of an estimated half a million who work in care homes.

The government said it would "move... to a policy of testing all residents prior to admission to care homes", starting with people being moved there from hospitals.

All care home residents with coronavirus symptoms would also be tested.

On 28 April, this was extended to all care staff and residents, regardless of whether they had symptoms.

It's important to remember that early in the pandemic it wasn't widely understood that people who didn't have symptoms could pass on coronavirus.

On 19 March 2020, NHS guidance said that "unless required to be in hospital, patients must not remain in an NHS bed".

This policy was implemented to free up beds in advance of an expected surge in coronavirus patients.

On 2 April, the rules on discharging patients to care homes were clarified, saying "negative [coronavirus] tests are not required prior to transfers/admissions into the care home".

Even elderly patients who tested positive could be admitted to care homes, if measures - such as wearing personal protective equipment (PPE) and isolation - were used.

From 15 April, the government said that all patients discharged from hospitals would be tested for coronavirus.

By this time, an estimated 25,000 patients had been discharged to care homes. In July, Panorama gathered data from 39 hospital trusts, which showed three-quarters of people discharged were untested.

Up to this point more than 5,700 care home residents had died in England and Wales (either in homes or in hospital).

Public Health England has published research into the impact of hospital transfers. It found that 1.6% of the lab-confirmed outbreaks in care homes that they knew about by mid-October 2020, had come from people discharged from hospitals.

But it is not clear what percentage of outbreaks up to 15 April (when the testing policy changed) were the result of patients being moved to homes.

And it is important to note that, at this time, there was a lack of testing so not every outbreak may have been recorded. Also, the figures do not count people who were not previously care home residents who were transferred into them from hospitals.

The government has repeatedly said that decisions to discharge patients from hospitals during this time were made by medical professionals on a case-by-case basis.

In March 2020, specific guidance related to coronavirus said that the PPE in care homes should be similar to that used in hospital settings.

The government launched the National Supply Disruption Response on 13 March, a centralised line for care and health providers to raise concerns.

This was followed on 19 March by a promise to deliver 300 masks to each care provider.

Concerns over PPE peaked at the end of March and early April, as bodies such as Unison, the Royal College of Nursing and care homes themselves highlighted shortages.

Because care homes are generally privately-run, they are responsible for purchasing their own PPE. Many found their local suppliers were running low and that they were competing with better-funded hospitals.

A letter from the government on 2 April recognised "the challenges providers may have experienced in obtaining PPE supplies over recent weeks," and promised that the supply chain would be bolstered, with support from the armed forces.

On 10 April the government announced a PPE action plan, which included freeing up 34 million pieces of equipment to "local resilience forums" who would then distribute it to care homes through local authorities.

By this point, 3,100 care home residents had died in England and Wales.

General guidance produced on 25 February 2020 included advice for carers on what to do if they came into contact with someone with Covid-19 - but there was nothing advising against visits to care homes.

In one section it said: "It remains very unlikely that people receiving care in a care home or the community will become infected."

Another section said: "Currently there is no evidence of transmission of Covid-19 in the United Kingdom. There is no need to do anything differently in any care setting at present."

However, the government's own Scientific Advisory Group for Emergencies (SAGE) had advised on 10 February that "it is a realistic probability that there is already sustained transmission in the UK, or that it will become established in the coming weeks."

On 3 March, the government released its coronavirus action plan - the document did not mention restricting visits to care homes.

By 5 March, England had had 273 cases of people with the virus.

That day Prof Chris Whitty told a committee of MPs that as there were cases that could not be traced back to people who had come from abroad, it was "highly likely therefore that there is some level of community transmission in this virus in the UK now".

Italy suspended visits to care homes at this point, five weeks after recording its first case. A day later, Nursing Homes Ireland, which represents hundreds of care homes in Ireland, banned non-essential visits, just six days after the first confirmed case in the country.

On 10 March, Prof Martin Green, head of Care England, which represents independent care providers, directed criticism in an Independent article at the government for its response.

"There is no evidence of a plan. I'm not even certain they have these plans and aren't just making them up as they go along," he said.

Some homes were already deciding to close their doors to visitors, with care groups Barchester and HC-One stopping non-essential visits on 10 March and 12 March.

Scottish Care - a representative body for social care in Scotland - advised care homes to close to visits on 11 March.

On 13 March, the government's guidance from 25 February was updated to say that "care home providers are advised to review their visiting policy, by asking no-one to visit who has suspected Covid-19 or is generally unwell, and by emphasising good hand hygiene for visitors".

On the same day, Bupa and Four Seasons care homes stopped non-essential visits.

It wasn't until 16 March that it was announced that social distancing should be carried out by everyone, in particular those aged over 70 and vulnerable people.

That day, the prime minister was asked about care homes and said: "We don't want to see people unnecessarily visiting care homes."

In the period between 25 February and 16 March, 14 deaths of care home residents were reported along with 30 outbreaks in England's 15,000 care homes.

On 21 March, guidance was introduced to encourage medically vulnerable people to remain indoors as much as possible until the end of June - a process known as shielding.

Finally, on 2 April a document from the Department of Health and Social Care said that "family and friends should be advised not to visit care homes, except next of kin in exceptional situations such as end of life".

This piece was originally published in July 2020.

Intense and widespread rioting has been taking place across France, following the shooting of a 17-year-old during a traffic stop.

Video on social media showed the moment the police shooting of Nahel M took place, in the Paris suburb of Nanterre on 27 June.

Riots erupted later that same day and have continued each day since, spreading throughout the country.

The officer involved has apologised to the family and been charged with voluntary homicide.

During an eventful day in court, Alex Murdaugh maintained that he didn't kill his wife and son, but admitted lying and faced intense questioning from the prosecution.

Blume said banning books "has become political... it's worse than it was in the 80s"

Author Judy Blume has said she is worried about intolerance in the US, after some of her novels were removed from schools.

Some books have been removed from school libraries in the US due to concerns about how they explore complex themes of sex, race or gender identity.

One of Blume's novels was recently pulled in a Florida school district.

Blume told Sunday with Laura Kuenssberg banning books "has become political... it's worse than it was in the 80s".

Asked if she was worried about intolerance in the US, she replied: "Absolutely, intolerance about everything, gender, sexuality, racism.

"It's just reaching a point where again we have to fight back, we have to stand up and fight."

Blume's novels have been translated into 32 languages and sold more than 90 million copies, according to recent figures reported by The Washington Post.

A screen adaptation of the author's 1970 novel Are You There God? It's Me Margaret is set to be released in May, starring Abby Ryder Fortson, Rachel McAdams and Kathy Bates.

Abby Ryder Fortson and Rachel McAdams will star in the screen adaptation of Are You There God? It's Me, Margaret

The novel follows a young girl exploring her religious and sexual identity as she confronts adolescent anxieties about reaching puberty.

The book won several literary awards and has remained popular with teenage girls, but it has also attracted controversy both at the time of its publication and more recently, for how openly it discusses sexuality and religion.

Asked about book banning, Blume told Kuenssberg: "I thought that was over frankly, I thought we had come through that, you know, not in every way, but I never expected us to be back where we were in the 80s plus, much worse.

"I came through the 80s when book banning was really at its height. And it was terrible. And then libraries and schools began to get policies in place and we saw a falling off of the desire to censor books.

"Now it is back, it is back much worse - this is in America, it is back so much worse than it was in the 80s. Because it's become political.

Florida Republican Governor Ron DeSantis has proposed limiting discussion of gender and sexuality in schools

She continued: "We have legislators out there trying to put through laws, I just read about one last week in my home state of Florida, trying to put through a law - trying to put through laws saying that girls can no longer talk about periods at school or amongst themselves."

Earlier this month, Florida's state legislature introduced a new bill that may limit discussion of menstruation before sixth grade.

"I mean, that's crazy, that is so crazy," Blume said. "And it is so frightening that I think the only answer is for us to speak out and really keep speaking out, or we are going to lose our way."

Blume was also asked what she thought about Florida governor Ron DeSantis's proposal to restrict discussion about gender identity and sexual orientation in schools.

Last week, Florida's Commissioner of Education Manny Diaz Jr tweeted: "Students should be spending their time in school learning core academic subjects, not being force-fed radical gender and sexual ideology."

Blume criticised "bad politicians who drunk with power, who want to get out there, and I don't know what they're trying to prove really".

She added: "I mean, there's a group of mothers now going around saying that they want to protect their children. Protect them from what? You know, protect them from talking about things? Protect them from knowing about things?

"Because even if they don't let them read books, their bodies are still going to change and their feelings about their bodies are going to change. And you can't control that. They have to be able to read, to question."

Seven leading companies in artificial intelligence have committed to managing risks posed by the tech, the White House has said.

This will include testing the security of AI, and making the results of those tests public.

Representatives from Amazon, Anthropic, Google, Inflection, Meta, Microsoft, and OpenAI joined US President Joe Biden to make the announcement.

It follows a number of warnings about the capabilities of the technology.

The pace at which the companies have been developing their tools have prompted fears over the spread of disinformation, especially in the run up to the 2024 US presidential election.

"We must be clear-eyed and vigilant about the threats emerging from emerging technologies that can pose - don't have to but can pose - to our democracy and our values," President Joe Biden said during remarks on Friday.

On Wednesday, Meta, Facebook's parent company, announced its own AI tool called Llama 2.

Sir Nick Clegg, president of global affairs at Meta, told the BBC the "hype has somewhat run ahead of the technology".

As part of the agreement signed on Friday, the companies agreed to:

The goal is for it to be easy for people to tell when online content is created by AI, the White House added.

"This is a serious responsibility, we have to get it right," Mr Biden said. "And there's enormous, enormous potential upside as well."

Watermarks for AI-generated content were among topics EU commissioner Thierry Breton discussed with OpenAI chief executive Sam Altman during a June visit to San Francisco.

"Looking forward to pursuing our discussions - notably on watermarking," Breton wrote in a tweet that included a video snippet of him and Mr Altman.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

In the video clip Mr Altman said he "would love to show" what OpenAI was doing with watermarks "very soon."

The voluntary safeguards signed on Friday are a step towards more robust regulation around AI in the US.

The administration is also working on an executive order, it said in a statement.

The White House said it would also work with allies to establish an international framework to govern the development and use of AI.

Warnings abut the technology include that it could be used to generate misinformation and destabilise society, and even that it could pose an existential risk to humanity - although some ground-breaking computer scientists have said apocalyptic warnings are overblown.

Journalists are among hundreds sheltering in makeshift tents in the grounds of the hospital

Seven journalists, including a freelancer working for the BBC, have been injured in an Israeli air strike in the courtyard of a hospital in Gaza.

Four members of the Islamic Jihad (IJ) militant group were killed in the attack, the BBC understands.

The Israeli military said it struck an IJ command centre in the grounds of the al-Aqsa Hospital in Deir al-Balah.

Hamas and medical staff deny Israeli accusations that militants use hospitals as bases.

Islamic Jihad, an ally of Hamas, has not commented.

Al-Aqsa is the last hospital functioning in the central Gaza Strip.

The journalists were among hundreds who are sheltering in makeshift tents in the grounds of the hospital.

Most of the journalists camped inside the hospital grounds are from northern Gaza. They continue to work under extremely tough conditions, with little food, water or electricity, and the ever-present threat of Israeli strikes.

Many work by selling photos documenting life in and around the hospital, while also looking after their young families living with them inside the tents.

The tent closest to the explosion belonged to the Turkish news agency Anadolu.

"They hit the tent without any warning, we were staying in the tent as a group of journalists peacefully with no terrorists among us," Ali Hamad, a photographer, told Reuters news agency.

"We were preparing our cameras and all of a sudden the tent was hit, everything went dark with debris and rocks flying above our heads and there were flames."

Saeed Jaras, a freelance photographer, said: "We are unarmed journalists and we have nothing to do with anything."

The chief of the World Health Organization (WHO) said that four people were killed and 17 injured in the airstrike.

A WHO team at the hospital were all accounted for, Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus wrote on social media.

"We again call for protection of patients, health personnel and humanitarian missions. The ongoing attacks and militarisation of hospitals must stop. International humanitarian law must be respected," he added.

The Israeli military said "the command centre and terrorists were struck precisely, intended on minimising harm to uninvolved civilians in the area of the hospital".

Israeli strikes killed 77 people in Gaza in the past 24 hours, the Hamas-run health ministry said on Sunday.

It reported that nine more people died in an Israeli strike in Bani Suhaila near the city of Khan Younis.

Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Sunday that an anticipated large-scale ground offensive in Rafah on the Egypt border would go ahead, despite the United States saying it would not support the operation.

Mr Netanyahu told a news conference that the offensive in Rafah, where there are more than a million displaced people, "is essential to victory".

Meanwhile, thousands of Israeli protestors gathered in Jerusalem for the largest anti-government demonstration since the start of the Gaza conflict.

Mr Netanyahu has faced widespread criticism for the security failure that led to Hamas's unprecedented attack on 7 October in southern Israel, during which about 1,200 people were killed and some 253 taken hostage. Of those taken, about 130 remain unaccounted for, at least 34 of whom are presumed dead.

Families of those held captive in Gaza have told their supporters "take to the streets" to protest against the Israeli government's handling of their release. The words mark a significant escalation in some of the hostages' relatives rhetoric against the government.

Since Israel launched its retaliatory operation, saying it was aimed at destroying Hamas, a total of 32,782 Palestinians have been killed and 75,298 injured, according to the Hamas-run health ministry.

Earlier this month, US Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin said that, of those killed, more than 25,000 were women and children.

A dog walker had a lucky escape as a cliff collapsed on to a beach where she had been just minutes earlier.

Beth Holmes filmed the moment a large section, which included boulders and a tree, fell away and crashed to the ground.

It happened at about 08:00 BST on Sunday at Cudmore Grove Country Park on Mersea Island in Essex.

Ms Holmes said: "I don't know many people that have seen it first hand like that, so it was pretty fascinating. Slightly scary."

On Monday, thousands of junior doctors in England will start a 72-hour strike. They want a 35% pay rise. Yet doctors are among the highest paid in the public sector. So why do they have the biggest pay claim?

The origins of the walkout by British Medical Association members - the biggest by doctors in the history of the NHS - can be found in a series of discussions on social media platform Reddit in late 2021.

A collection of junior doctors were expressing their dissatisfaction about pay.

The numbers chatting online grew quickly and by January 2022 it had led to the formation of the campaign group Doctors Vote, with the aim of restoring pay to the pre-austerity days of 2008.

The group began spreading its message via social media - and, within months, its supporters had won 26 of the 69 voting seats on the BMA ruling council, and 38 of the 68 on its junior doctor committee.

Dr Vivek Trivedi and Dr Rob Laurenson stood for BMA election on a Doctors Vote platform

Two of those who stood on the Doctors Vote platform - Dr Rob Laurenson and Dr Vivek Trivedi - became co-chairs of the committee.

"It was simply a group of doctors connecting up the dots," Dr Laurenson says. "We reflect the vast majority of doctors," he adds, pointing to the mandate from the wider BMA junior doctor membership - 77% voted and of those, 98% backed strike action.

Among some of the older BMA heads, though, there is a sense of disquiet at the new guard. One senior doctor who has now stood down from a leadership role says: "They're undoubtedly much more radical than we have seen before. But they haven't read the room - the pay claim makes them look silly."

Publicly, the BMA prefers not to talk about wanting a pay rise. Instead, it uses the term "pay restoration" - to reverse cuts of 26% since 2008. This is the amount pay has fallen once inflation is taken into account.

To rectify a cut of 26% requires a bigger percentage increase because the amount is lower. This is why the BMA is actually after a 35% increase - and it is a rise it is calling for to be paid immediately.

The argument is more complicated than the ones put forward by most other unions - and because of that it has raised eyebrows.

Firstly, no junior doctor has seen pay cut by 26% in that period. There are five core pay points in the junior doctor contract with each a springboard to the next. It means they move up the pay scale over time until they finish their training.

A junior doctor in 2008 may well be a consultant now, perhaps earning four times in cash terms what they were then.

Secondly, the 26% figure uses the retail price index (RPI) measure of inflation, which the Office for National Statistics says is a poor way to look at rising prices. Using the more favoured consumer price index measure, the cut is 16% - although the BMA defends its use of RPI as it takes into account housing costs.

"The drop in pay is also affected by the start-year chosen," Lucina Rolewicz, of the Nuffield Trust think tank, says. A more recent start date will show a smaller decline, as would going further back in the 2000s.

Another way of looking at pay is comparing it with wages across the economy by looking at where a job sits in terms of the lowest to highest earners.

The past decade has not been a boom time for wage growth in many fields, as austerity and the lack of economic growth has held back incomes.

Last year, the independent Doctors' and Dentists' Remuneration Body looked at this. It found junior doctors had seen their pay, relative to others, fall slightly during the 2010s, but were still among the highest earners, with doctors fresh out of university immediately finding themselves in the top half of earners, while those at the end of training were just outside the top 10%.

Then, of course, career prospects have to be considered. Consultants earn well more than £100,000 on average, putting them in the top 2%. GP partners earn even more.

A pension of more than £60,000 a year in today's prices also awaits those reaching such positions.

But while the scale of the pay claim is new, dissatisfaction with working conditions and pay pre-date the rise of the Doctors Vote movement.

Studying medicine at university takes five years, meaning big debts for most. Dr Trivedi says £80,000 of student loans are often topped up by private debt.

On top of that, doctors have to pay for ongoing exams and professional membership fees. Their junior doctor training can see them having to make several moves across the country and with little control over the hours they work. Their contract means they are required to work a minimum of 40 hours and up to 48 on average - additional payments are made to reflect this.

This lasts many years - junior doctors can commonly spend close to a decade in training.

It is clearly hard work. And with services getting increasingly stretched, it is a job that doctors say is leaving them "demoralised, angry and exhausted", Dr Trivedi says, adding: "Patient care is being compromised."

But while medicine is undoubtedly tough, it remains hugely attractive.

Junior doctor posts in the early years are nearly always filled - it is not until doctors begin to specialise later in their training that significant gaps emerge in some specialities such as end-of-life care and sexual health.

Looking at all doctor vacancy rates across the NHS around 6% of posts are unfilled - for nurses it is nearly twice that level.

Many argue there is still a shortage - with not enough training places or funded doctor posts in the NHS in the first place.

But the fact the problems appear more severe in other NHS roles is a key reason why the government does not seem to be in a hurry to prioritise doctors - formal pay talks to avert strikes have begun with unions representing the rest of the workforce

"If we have some money to give a pay rise to NHS staff," a source close to the negotiations says, "doctors are not at the front of the queue."

Update: This article was updated on 18 May 2023 to make it clear doctors can be required to work up to 48 hours and the footnote on the first chart has changed 'overtim' to 'additional hours'.

Are you taking part in the strike action? Has your appointment been cancelled or delayed? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Last updated on .From the section European Football

Manchester City took a giant stride towards the Champions League semi-finals with an outstanding performance to overpower Bayern Munich at Etihad Stadium.

Erling Haaland, inevitably, was on target with his 45th goal of the season to make him the highest scorer in all competitions in a single campaign since the Premier League began 30 years ago, surpassing Mohamed Salah and Ruud van Nistelrooy.

City, however, gave a powerful all-round team display and Bayern, under new coach Thomas Tuchel, face a mountainous task to turn this quarter-final around in the second leg at the AllianzArena.

"Emotionally I'm destroyed," said Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola. "I have aged 10 more years. It was so demanding a game. It was not comfortable.

"Now I have to relax - a day off for the guys, prepare for Leicester [in the Premier League on Saturday]."

Rodri broke the deadlock in spectacular fashion with a curling left-foot drive into the top corner after 27 minutes while Bayern had chances of their own, especially former City forward Leroy Sane, who brought a vital save out of Ederson early in the second half.

City were always a threat and extended their lead with 20 minutes left, Haaland crossing perfectly for Bernardo Silva to head home after Jack Grealish stole possession off Dayot Upemecano.

Haaland was not to be denied himself and he pounced for City's third six minutes later, getting on the end of John Stones' headed knockdown to sweep a finish past Bayern keeper Yann Sommer.

"It was an incredible result but I know a little bit what can happen in Munich," added Guardiola, who managed Bayern Munich from 2013 until 2016, winning three league titles and two domestic doubles.

"If you don't perform really well they are able to score one, two, three. I know that, the players know that.

"It's an incredible result, but we have to do our game with huge, huge personality. If we don't do our game anything can happen.

"To knock out these teams you have to have two good games, not just one."

Haaland's record breaking will capture the headlines as the 22-year-old Norwegian's voracious appetite for goals shows no sign of being satisfied.

This, however, was much more than a one-man show as Guardiola's side had outstanding performers in all areas as they go in pursuit of the one major trophy that has remained tantalisingly out of reach during the manager's years of huge success at Etihad Stadium.

City have had mishaps before in the Champions League and will face either holders Real Madrid or Chelsea in a potentially hazardous last-four assignment if they complete what should be the formality of the second leg in Munich, but they look in perfect shape.

And in Haaland, they have the goal machine that gives an already outstanding side an added edge amid the fine margins of Europe's elite competition.

They also have a midfield powerhouse in Rodri, whose goal set them on their way, while they defended with real resilience, Nathan Ake continuing an outstanding season with a faultless performance.

Bernardo Silva showed all his creative powers as well as scoring the crucial second goal while Jack Grealish's tireless performance was exemplified by the manner in which he nicked the ball off Upamecano in the build-up to that goal.

Three goals and clean sheet was a fair reward for City's superiority and it will surely now take something extraordinary to stop them taking their place in another semi-final.

Thomas Tuchel declared his delight at being back in England for this Champions League quarter-final, having recently succeed Julian Naglesmann at Bayern Munich, but there was not much else for the former Chelsea manager to be happy about on this rain-sodden Manchester night.

Tuchel's task is to get Bayern back at Europe's top table and his constant agitation in the technical area was an indicator of how big his task is. The Bundesliga is almost taken for granted at Bayern but this fiercely ambitious club wants more and they were well beaten here.

This outstanding coach has proved his quality in the past but he will need to be a miracle worker to get Bayern out of the hole they fell into at Etihad Stadium.

"I try to not allow my players to focus on the result," Tuchel said. "I think it is not a deserved result, it does not tell the story of this match.

"We played with personality, courage and a lot of quality but we didn't get the rewards we deserved.

"This does not feel a 3-0 but it is a 3-0. It is a huge task to turn it around but we will not give up."
• None Follow live radio and updates as Man City host Bayern Munich in Champions League
• None Attempt missed. Jack Grealish (Manchester City) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by Bernardo Silva.
• None Benjamin Pavard (FC Bayern München) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
• None Attempt saved. Rodri (Manchester City) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assisted by Julián Álvarez with a cross.
• None Offside, FC Bayern München. Joshua Kimmich tries a through ball, but Leroy Sané is caught offside.
• None Attempt missed. Julián Álvarez (Manchester City) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Jack Grealish.
• None Attempt saved. Leroy Sané (FC Bayern München) header from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Joshua Kimmich. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page
• None Enter the world of the social media personality’s multi-level marketing scheme and webcam business
• None The rise and fall of the jeweller-turned-criminal: Listen to Gangster: The Story of John Palmer

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Thousands of extra security forces are facing a second night of unrest in France after a 17-year-old driver was shot and killed by police near Paris on Tuesday during a traffic check.

The teenager, named as Nahel M, was shot at point-blank range as he drove off and crashed soon afterwards.

Paris police said they had contained "sporadic episodes" of fresh violence.

In Toulouse, protesters started a fire and threw stones at firefighters as they tried to put it out.

Demonstrators also clashed with police in the northern city of Lille.

In the western town of Rennes, about 300 people gathered to pay tribute to the teen - many of whom also lit fires and were dispersed by police to allow firefighters to put out the blazes, local media reported.

French President Emmanuel Macron said the shooting of Nahel was "unforgivable".

But his comments drew an angry reaction from police unions, who accused him of rushing to judge the officers involved.

The Alliance Police union called for them to be presumed innocent until found guilty, while the rival Unité SGP Police also spoke of political interventions that encouraged "anti-cop hatred".

Interior Minister Gérald Darmanin said he would be taking legal action against another group, France Police, after it published what he called an "unacceptable and abject" tweet seeking to justify the teenager's killing.

The now deleted tweet said "bravo" to the officers who "opened fire on a young criminal" and blamed the teen's parents for his death, claiming they had been "unable to educate their son".

Prime Minister Élisabeth Borne also weighed in, saying the police intervention "manifestly did not conform to the rules".

Nahel's mother Mounia, speaking in a social media video, said they had taken away her baby and urged people to join a march in remembrance of her son.

"He was still a child. He needed his mother," she said. "He kissed me goodbye in the morning and said, 'I love you mum'.

"An hour later, I was told that someone shot my son. What shall I do? He was my life. He was everything to me."

The officer accused of killing him, who said he had fired because he felt his life was in danger, is in custody on charges of voluntary manslaughter.

Nahel, who a neighbour says came from a French-Algerian family, is the second person this year in France to have been killed in a police shooting during a traffic stop. Last year, a record 13 people died in this way.

Rights groups have criticised a 2017 law change which broadened the framework for when officers can use firearms.

Citing official statistics, Le Monde newspaper reported that the annual number of police shootings at moving vehicles has consistently been higher since the change.

Campaigner Rokhaya Diallo told BFMTV that more shots fired meant a higher risk of being hit, especially for people of colour.

Reuters news agency found that a majority of victims of lethal police shootings during traffic stops since 2017 were black or Arab.

Firefighters extinguish a burning vehicle in Nanterre following protests in the wake of Nahel's death

According to French media, police initially suggested the teen drove his car towards them with the intention of hurting them.

But footage posted online and verified by the AFP news agency shows an officer pointing his weapon at the driver through his window and appearing to fire at point-blank range as he tries to drive off.

The agency also reports that a person in the video can be heard saying: "You're going to be shot in the head" - but it is unclear who says it.

Two others were in the car at the time of the shooting. One fled while another, also a minor, was arrested and held by police.

"Nothing justifies the death of a young person," President Macron told reporters in Marseille, calling for "calm for justice to be done".

"I would like to express the feelings of the entire nation at what has happened and the death of young Nahel, and to tell his family of our solidarity and the nation's affection."

"We have a teenager who has been killed. It's inexplicable, unforgivable," he said, adding that the the case was immediately referred to the courts where he hoped justice would "do its job quickly".

The president's remarks were meant to calm a potentially inflammable atmosphere in Nanterre, near the La Défense business district, and other Paris suburbs, where the killing of Nahel has triggered strong emotions.

Authorities have opened two separate investigations following the teen's death - one into a possible killing by a public official, and another into the driver's failure to stop his vehicle and the alleged attempt to kill a police officer.

Paris police chief Laurent Nuñez told French television station BFMTV that the policeman's actions "raise questions", though he suggested the officer may have felt threatened.

The 17-year-old's family lawyer, Yassine Bouzrou, insisted that was an illegitimate defence, telling the same channel the video "clearly showed a policeman killing a young man in cold blood".

He added that the family had filed a complaint against police for "lying".

It's the weekly news quiz - how closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on in the world over the past seven days?

Some mobile users may experience difficulties. If you cannot see the quiz, try this link.

Try last week's quiz or have a go at something from the archives.

What information do we collect from this quiz? Privacy notice.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

The co-founder and guitarist of Irish rock band The Script, Mark Sheehan, has died.

The 46-year-old died in hospital on Friday following a brief illness, the band announced.

Sheehan formed the group in 2001 alongside vocalist Danny O'Donoghue and drummer Glen Power.

A statement on the band's social media pages said Sheehan was a "much loved husband, father, brother, band mate and friend".

It asked fans to respect the privacy of his family and bandmates.

Ireland's president Michael D Higgins said Sheehan was an "outstanding" example of Irish musical success on the world stage.

"It was a mark of the originality and excellence that Mark and his bandmates in The Script sought that they saw such success across the world, including six number one albums in the UK and a number three album in the United States - a truly remarkable achievement," he said.

Contemporaries of Sheehan's in the entertainment industry were quick to honour his memory.

In a statement posted on Instagram, Irish presenter Laura Whitmore wrote: "Thinking of you all at this time.

"Mark was one of the nicest and most talented men you could meet."

Fellow Irish rock band Kodaline have also paid tribute, posting on Twitter: "So sorry to hear (of) the passing of Mark Sheehan."

In an Instagram tribute, Irish pop duo Jedward said: "Everyone in the Irish music industry and worldwide mourn your loss RIP Mark such a talented musician from The Script one of the most iconic Irish groups of our generation."

Fellow musicians and celebrities have come forward to pay tribute to Mark Sheehan

Sheehan was born on 29 October 1976 in Dublin in Mount Brown in The Liberties area, and was married to Reena Sheehan with whom he had three children.

He was a singer, songwriter and guitarist, and passionate about music from a young age.

From 1996-2001 he was a member of the band Mytown, alongside The Script's frontman O'Donoghue.

The Script started in Dublin in 2001 with Sheehan as guitarist, O'Donoghue as singer songwriter and Power as drummer.

The band moved to London after signing a record contract with Sony Music Group.

It was there that they released their first full album, "We Cry", which went on to reach number one in both Ireland and the UK.

After that their next three albums Science & Faith, #3 and No Sound Without Silence, all topped the album charts in both countries.

Science & Faith reached number three in the United States and number two in Australia.

Since then the band have continued to tour the world and release original music albums, combining Irish themes with pop-rock nuances.

They have been known for their writing from the heart, including "If You Could See Me Now", addressing the death of vocalist O'Donoghue's father and both of Sheehan's parents.

Fans over the last year have wondered why Sheehan had a short break from the stage.

In 2022, Sheehan missed the US leg of the band's tour. O'Donoghue told the media that his bandmate had taken a break to spend time with his family.

He explained to Sunday World that the group were supportive of Sheehan's decision and described them as a "a band of brothers" who "stick together no matter what".

In 2013, The Script had a brush with royalty, when the Queen visited the BBC's Broadcasting House and watched a performance by The Script, briefly chatting with singer O'Donoghue.

Sheehan said when he was told about the royal engagement, he thought "people were playing a joke on us".

The Script are scheduled to support the American artist P!nk during her European tour later this year.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Undercover filming of Indonesian man Ajis Rasajana, who laughs as he describes how he hurts monkeys

A year-long BBC investigation has uncovered a sadistic global monkey torture ring stretching from Indonesia to the United States.

The World Service found hundreds of customers in the US, UK and elsewhere paying Indonesians to torture and kill baby long-tailed macaques on film.

The torture ring began life on YouTube, before moving to private groups on the messaging app Telegram.

Police are now pursuing the buyers and several arrests have already been made.

BBC journalists went undercover in one of the main Telegram torture groups, where hundreds of people gathered to come up with extreme torture ideas and commission people in Indonesia and other Asian countries to carry them out.

The sadists' goal was to create bespoke films in which baby long-tailed macaque monkeys were abused, tortured and sometimes then killed on film.

The BBC tracked down both the torturers in Indonesia, and distributors and buyers in the US, and gained access to an international law enforcement effort to bring them to justice.

At least 20 people are now under investigation globally, including three women living in the UK who were arrested by police last year and released under investigation, and one man in the US state of Oregon who was indicted last week.

Mike McCartney, a key video distributor in the US known by his screen name, "The Torture King", agreed to speak to the BBC - and described the moment he joined his first Telegram monkey torture group.

"They had a poll set up," McCartney said. "Do you want a hammer involved? Do you want pliers involved? Do you want a screwdriver?" The resulting video was "the most grotesque thing I have ever seen," he said.

"The Torture King" at home in Virginia. "It went from baby bottle teasing to fingers being snipped off," he said

McCartney, a former motorcycle gang member who spent time in prison before entering the monkey torture world, ended up running several Telegram groups in which hardcore torture enthusiasts distributed videos.

"It's no different than drug money," he said. "Drug money comes from dirty hands, this money comes from bloody hands."

The BBC also identified two other key suspects who are now being investigated by the US Department of Homeland Security (DHS) - Stacey Storey, a grandmother in her 40s from Alabama who was known in the community as "Sadistic", and a ringleader known as "Mr Ape" - whose real name we cannot reveal for safety reasons.

"Mr Ape" confessed in an interview with the BBC that he had been responsible for the deaths of at least four monkeys and the torture of many more. He had commissioned "extremely brutal" videos, he said.

Storey's phone was seized by Department of Homeland Security agents, who found nearly 100 torture videos, as well as evidence that she had paid for the creation of some of the most extreme videos produced.

According to police sources, Storey was active in a torture group as recently as earlier this month. Approached by the BBC in Alabama in January, Storey claimed that she had been hacked and declined to comment on the allegations in detail.

"I remember the face of every monkey and how they died," said Mr Ape

"Mr Ape", Stacey Storey and Mike McCartney are three of five key targets in the ongoing Homeland Security investigation. They have yet to be charged, but could face up to seven years in prison if prosecuted based on evidence gathered by the DHS.

Special Agent Paul Wolpert, who is leading the DHS investigation, said everyone involved from law enforcement had been deeply shocked by the nature of the alleged crimes.

"I don't know if anybody would ever be ready for a crime like this," he said. "The same with the attorneys and the juries, and anybody who reads that this is going on. It is going to be a shocker I think."

Anybody involved in buying or distributing the monkey torture videos should "expect a knock on the door at some point", Agent Wolpert said. "You are not going to get away with it."

Police in Indonesia have arrested two torture suspects. Asep Yadi Nurul Hikmah was charged with animal torture and the sale of a protected species, and sentenced to three years in prison. M Ajis Rasjana was sentenced to eight months - the maximum sentence available for torturing an animal.

Police in Indonesia detain Asep Yadi Nurul Hikmah, who was among the most brutal torturers.

Monkey torture videos are still easily accessible on Telegram and now Facebook, where the BBC recently found dozens of groups sharing extreme content, some with more than 1,000 members.

"We've seen an escalation in this extreme, graphic content, which used to be hidden but is now circulating openly on platforms like Facebook," said Sarah Kite, co-founder of animal charity Action for Primates.

Facebook told the BBC it had removed the groups we brought to the company's attention. "We don't allow the promotion of animal abuse on our platforms and we remove this content when we become aware of it, like we did in this case," a spokesperson said.

Ms Kite also called for UK laws to be updated to make it easier to prosecute individuals who pay for torture videos to be made. "If someone is proactively involved in inflicting that pain by paying for it and providing a list of things they want done to the animal, there should be stronger laws to hold them to account," she said.

YouTube told the BBC in a statement that animal abuse had "no place" on the platform and the company was "working hard to quickly remove violative content".

"Just this year alone, we've removed hundreds of thousands of videos and terminated thousands of channels for violating our violent and graphic policies," the statement said.

Telegram told us it was committed to protecting privacy and freedom of speech and its moderators could not "proactively patrol private groups". But users could report content from those groups to Telegram moderators, it said.

Last updated on .From the section Tennis

Coverage: Live text and radio commentaries of selected matches across BBC Radio 5 Sports Extra, the BBC Sport website and app

Former US Open champion Sloane Stephens says the abuse of tennis players is getting "worse" and attempts to thwart it make little difference.

This year, French Open organisers have offered players artificial intelligence protection from social media abuse.

The technology aims to filter out abuse on platforms like Facebook, Instagram, TikTok and Twitter.

"It's been a problem my entire career," American Stephens said after her first-round win at Roland Garros.

"It has never stopped. If anything, it's only gotten worse.

"I did hear about the software. I have not used it. I have a lot of key words banned on Instagram and all of these things, but that doesn't stop someone from just typing in an asterisk or typing it in a different way, which obviously software most of the time doesn't catch."

The French Open is the first of the four Grand Slams to introduce such a scheme, with French Tennis Federation CEO Caroline Flaissier saying players' mental health is a "priority for Roland Garros".
• None Norrie unhappy at 'absurd' call in win over Paire
• None I hate being the guy who is injured a lot - GB's Draper

Stephens showed why she is among the tournament's most dangerous unseeded players after beating Czech 16th seed and two-time Grand Slam finalist Karolina Pliskova 6-0 6-4 in an eye-catching first-round encounter.

Runner-up in Paris in 2018, Stephens was not ranked high enough to be seeded when the draw was made last week but is now 30th, which would have been enough for a seeding.

Her rise up the rankings came amid improving form on clay, with the 30-year-old winning the WTA 125 title in San-Malo earlier in May and reaching the semi-finals in Morocco last week.

Stephens will face Russian Varvara Gracheva in the second round.

Ukraine's Elina Svitolina says she has found "a lot of rubbish" being spoken on the tennis circuit about Russia's invasion of Ukraine since returning from maternity leave.

Former world number three Svitolina, playing in her first major since Russia launched the attack on Ukraine last year, won 6-2 6-2 against Italian 26th seed Martina Trevisan on her Grand Slam comeback at Roland Garros.

On Sunday, Ukrainian player Marta Kostyuk was booed in Paris for not shaking the hand of Belarusian Aryna Sabalenka, whose country has supported Russia's war.

Russian and Belarusian players have continued to compete on the ATP and WTA tours as neutral athletes, without a flag, since the invasion in February 2022.

Svitolina urged people to "focus on helping Ukrainians" in her post-match media conference.

"We are missing the main point that people now at this time, they need help as never before," she said.

Becoming increasingly upset as she spoke, the 28-year-old added: "The main point is to help kids, to help women who lost their husbands because they are fighting for Ukraine.

"The kids, they're losing their parents, they're losing parts of their body.

"We are missing the main point of all of that and talking, talking, talking about nothing. Empty, completely empty words. It is not helping anything."

Svitolina won her 17th WTA title - and first since becoming a mother - in Strasbourg on Saturday and will donate her prize money from the event to help Ukrainian children.

Asked if she would donate her Roland Garros winnings, she said: "I will see what are the possibilities and what are the needs of the cities.

"For example, in Odessa, my hometown, or in Kharkiv or Kyiv, we will see what are the urgent needs, and I'll donate this money there."

What else happened in the women's draw on day two?

Stephens' US compatriot Madison Keys advanced to the second round with a 6-1 3-6 6-1 win against Estonia's Kaia Kanepi, while 2021 runner-up Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova of Russia beat Czech teenager Linda Fruhvirtova 6-2 6-2.

There was a shock defeat for 12th seed Belinda Bencic of Switzerland as she lost 6-3 2-6 6-4 to Russian lucky loser Elina Avanesyan.

French fifth seed Caroline Garcia survived a second-set wobble to beat China's Wang Xiyu 7-6 (7-4) 4-6 6-4, while 14th seed Beatriz Haddad Maia of Brazil thrashed Germany's Tatjana Maria 6-0 6-1.

Two-time Wimbledon champion and 10th seed Petra Kvitova also exited the draw, losing 6-3 6-4 to Italy's Elisabetta Cocciaretto, and Russian 11th seed Veronika Kudermetova was beaten 6-3 6-1 by Slovakia's Anna Karolina Schmiedlova.

However, Latvia's 2017 champion Jelena Ostapenko beat Czech Tereza Martincova 6-3 7-5 to set up a meeting with American Peyton Stearns.
• None Alerts: Get tennis news sent to your phone
• None What's the story of the 'Indian Titanic'? Hear it from the last two known survivors of the SS Tilawa
• None How to crack those sugar cravings...: Michael Mosley investigates a healthy switch that could boost your mood and memory too

A London teenager who entered someone's home without their permission as part of a TikTok prank video has been fined more than £300.

Bacari-Bronze O'Garro, 18, also known as Mizzy, pleaded guilty to breaching a community protection order on 15 May.

A court heard the incident had been distressing for the victim and her family who were at home at the time.

The judge at Thames Magistrates Court also gave O'Garro a two-year criminal behaviour order.

Varinder Hayre, prosecuting, told the court O'Garro was issued with a community protection notice in May last year, with a condition being he should not trespass into private property.

He then breached that notice by entering a home of a family, she said.

She described how O'Garro walked into the property, down the stairs, sat on a sofa and said "is this where the study group is?".

Ms Hayre added he was asked to leave multiple times by both the victim and the husband.

"It was discovered that he had filmed the entire incident for a TikTok trend about walking into random houses."

The incident has caused the family "a lot of distress" and that the victims' faces and those of their two young children could be seen in the video, she said.

Lee Sergent, in mitigation, said O'Garro had apologised to the family.

He said his client was raised by a single parent and had a difficult upbringing.

"He is an intelligent young man and a young man with some potential" Mr Sergent told the court.

Judge Charlotte Crangle ordered O'Garro must not directly or indirectly post videos on to social media without the documented consent of the people featured in the content, that he must not trespass into private property, and that he must not attend the Westfield Centre in Stratford.

She also ordered O'Garro to pay a fine of £200, as well as a victim surcharge of £80 and costs of £85 - totalling £365.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Lisa Telling said Ruth knew her school's Ofsted result for 54 days but couldn't tell her staff

Stopping school inspections in England would be "against children's best interests", Ofsted's chief has said.

Teachers have called for them to be paused, after head teacher Ruth Perry took her own life while waiting for a report that downgraded her school from "outstanding" to "inadequate".

Amanda Spielman said inspections are important for both schools and parents.

It comes as the BBC can reveal Ms Perry had been "delighted" with feedback from Ofsted in an informal visit in 2019.

Inspectors had visited Caversham Primary School as part of a programme of informal visits to pilot a new inspection framework.

Ofsted has confirmed to the BBC's education editor Branwen Jeffreys that Ms Spielman attended in person to observe the visit.

In a newsletter to parents at the time, Ms Perry said she was "incredibly proud" of how well pupils and staff responded to the experience, adding that the feedback had been "overwhelmingly positive".

But after a formal inspection in November 2022, Ms Perry's school was rated as inadequate as a result of failings in training, record-keeping and checks on staff. The Ofsted report added that Caversham Primary School provided a good education and a welcoming and vibrant community for children.

Following Ms Perry's death, Ms Spielman has said a debate about reforming inspections to remove grades was a "legitimate one", but added that any changes to the system "would have to meet the needs both of parents and of government".

Ofsted inspectors give ratings of either outstanding, good, requires improvement or inadequate.

Ms Spielman said those ratings "give parents a simple and accessible summary of a school's strengths and weaknesses".

But Paul Gosling, president of the National Association of Head Teachers, told BBC Radio 4's Today programme the one-word assessments were too simplistic to sum up the complexity of school life.

Ms Perry's family has said her death was a "direct result of the pressure" caused by the school inspection.

Lisa Telling, a head teacher in Reading who knew Ms Perry well, said she had been under "enormous stress" and "knew the outcome of her report but was unable to tell her staff".

"As a head teacher, when you get your result and your final feedback, currently the system does not allow you to share that. That's a huge piece of information to hold on to," she said.

Ofsted's handbook says school leaders can share the provisional findings of inspections with those responsible for the governance of the school, as long as they are marked as confidential and subject to change.

Mrs Telling told BBC Breakfast that Ms Perry was restricted from sharing the "world-destroying" verdict for 54 days before she died.

Mr Gosling said school leaders should be allowed to speak to "a range of people who might be able to support them" if they were concerned by an Ofsted result.

Ruth Perry was the head at Caversham Primary School in Reading

Since Ms Perry's death, some head teachers have removed references to Ofsted from websites, job adverts and letters.

And on Thursday, the National Education Union handed a petition to the government calling for Ofsted to be replaced.

In Reading, headteachers' groups have written to the government asking for an urgent review of the system.

Ms Spielman said it would be wrong to say too much ahead of the coroner's inquest.

"Our school inspectors are all former or serving school leaders," she added. "They understand the vital work head teachers do and the pressures they are under."

Some head teachers, including Flora Cooper from Berkshire, are wearing black armbands during school inspections, following Ms Perry's suicide

Ms Spielman acknowledged inspections "can be challenging" but said inspectors always aimed to conduct them "with sensitivity as well as professionalism".

But school improvement adviser Julie Price-Grimshaw said that was "definitely not the case".

Speaking to BBC 5 Live Breakfast, she said many head teachers were getting "very ill, stressed and having breakdowns" as a result of inspections.

Ms Price-Grimshaw, who used to be an Ofsted inspector, said it was "impossible for teachers and head teachers to raise standards if they're feeling broken, demoralised, stressed and anxious".

But one vice-principal, at a secondary school in West Yorkshire, said Ofsted inspectors "came across as human and had collaborative conversations with staff", during a recent visit.

He said the inspection process was "intense and extremely stressful", but added that it resulted in an "honest reflection of where our school is at".

Ms Spielman said Ofsted aimed "to make inspections as collaborative and constructive as we can" and would remain focused on improving how it worked with schools, and "how inspections feel for school staff".

She admitted it was a difficult time to be a head teacher, particularly since the pandemic, as absence was high, mental health problems had increased and "external support services are unable to meet increased demand".

If you have been affected by issues raised in this article you can visit the BBC Action Line pages, or contact Samaritans.

A Department for Education official said Ofsted had a crucial role to play in upholding education standards and ensuring children were safe in school: "They provide independent, up-to-date evaluations on the quality of education, safeguarding and leadership, which parents greatly rely on to give them confidence in choosing the right school for their child."

A spokesman for the prime minister added: "We're confident the current rating system provides the right level of transparency for parents."

A world-renowned cancer centre hit by whistleblowing concerns over alleged bullying has been downgraded by the health watchdog.

The Care Quality Commission (CQC) told The Christie NHS Foundation Trust in Manchester it "requires improvement" in safety and leadership.

A former trust nurse told the BBC leaders had intimidated staff to stop them voicing concerns to inspectors.

The trust said it was working hard to ensure staff felt supported.

Rebecca Wight worked at The Christie - Europe's largest cancer centre - from 2014 but quit her role as an advanced nurse practitioner in December, claiming her whistleblowing attempts had been ignored.

She told BBC Newsnight the trust had attempted to manipulate the inspection by intimidating those who wished to paint an honest picture.

"The well-led inspection was basically run by The Christie," she said.

"The CQC requested a few forums with clinical staff. Those forums were infiltrated by leaders.

"The forum I went to was attended by senior leaders in the executive team."

Ms Wight said it was done "to intimidate staff to not speak up or maybe not speak openly about leadership".

Ms Wight said she and others wrote to the CQC to warn inspectors they were only getting a carefully controlled and inaccurate picture.

As a result, an off-site session was arranged by the CQC, she said, "for people to come anonymously and speak to them".

Roger Kline, an NHS workforce and culture expert from Middlesex University Business School, told BBC Newsnight there was a culture at The Christie which was "unwelcoming of people raising concerns".

He said: "The trust response is more likely... to see the person raising the concerns as the problem rather than the issues they have raised," adding this was "not good for patient care".

Following the downgrading of the trust's rating, Mr Kline said leaders should now consider their positions, adding: "I think for a trust like The Christie, a small specialist trust, any form of downgrading is a significant problem."

Roger Kline said there was "poor governance" at The Christie

The Christie had been rated as "outstanding" in its previous two CQC inspections.

Downgrading the trust's rating to "good" following its latest inspection, the CQC criticised The Christie's workplace culture, highlighting that staff did not always feel listened to.

It followed an NHS England review in February 2022 which found the trust had been "defensive and dismissive" when staff raised concerns about bullying and a £20m research project.

The CQC said while there was some "outstanding practice" at The Christie - and praised its commitment to research and innovation to improve cancer patients' outcomes - a number of improvements were required, notably in safety and leadership.

The report said: "Very senior executives were heavily invested in the promotion and protection of the trust's reputation.

"This impacted negatively on some staff; staff did not always feel supported and valued.

"A minority of staff expressed reservations about raising concerns and others did not always feel listened to."

The CQC's Northern operations director Ann Ford said: "Although the trust had made some changes to improve the culture, more work needs to be done to address the issues we identified."

She thanked staff who came forward to give feedback, adding: "I know speaking up in these circumstances isn't easy but it's important it happens."

Ms Ford praised medical care at the trust, saying "staff treated people with compassion and kindness, respected their privacy and dignity and met people's individual needs".

They also provided emotional support to people, families and carers, she added.

"However, they didn't always carry out risk assessments in a timely manner which potentially put people at risk of harm."

Ms Ford praised The Christie's "research and innovation to improve outcomes for people with cancer and the trust and everyone involved should be proud of that important work".

BBC Newsnight put the claims about how the inspection process was handled to The Christie but it declined to comment, saying it was a matter for the CQC.

Trust chief executive Roger Spencer said: "We are pleased the CQC has rated us 'good' despite the difficulties the NHS has faced over the past few years.

"Demand for cancer services has continued to rise, resulting in us treating more patients than ever before.

"We are working hard to make the improvements that have been highlighted by the CQC, ensuring that all our staff feel supported and valued and I thank all of them for continuing to put patients at the centre of everything we do."

BBC Newsnight understands Mr Spencer wrote to staff on Thursday ahead of the CQC report's publication, pointing out that inspectors had advised the trust to continue its plan "to ensure that our staff feel supported and valued and are able to speak up to raise concerns".

Have you been affected by the issues in this story? Email haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Warning: Contains flashing images throughout. (Video not available outside the UK)

Prince Harry, Meghan and her mother were involved in a "near catastrophic car chase" involving paparazzi, a spokesperson for the couple claimed.

The incident happened after the Duke and Duchess of Sussex attended an awards ceremony in New York on Tuesday.

In a statement, their spokesperson said the "relentless pursuit" lasted for more than two hours and resulted in "multiple near collisions".

The New York Police Department (NYPD) said there were no arrests or injuries.

BBC News has not been able to independently verify all the details. But accounts and information developed throughout the day on Wednesday.

The NYPD confirmed an incident took place involving Harry and Meghan and said numerous photographers "made their transport challenging".

No injuries or arrests were reported, the police said. Buckingham Palace has not yet commented.

Entertainment picture agency Backgrid issued a statement saying it was investigating the conduct of several freelance photographers, but that their initial account of events differed to that of the Sussexes.

"The photographers have reported feeling that the couple was not in immediate danger at any point," it said.

It followed claims the chase involved half a dozen cars, with reckless driving including going through red lights, driving on the pavement, carrying out blocking moves, and reversing down a one-way street - as well as taking photographs while driving.

BBC News understands Harry and Meghan were staying at a friend's home, and did not return directly to avoid compromising their security.

The couple and Meghan's mother, Doria Ragland, tried to take shelter from the paparazzi by going to a Manhattan police station.

There was then a plan to use a New York taxi, with a yellow cab flagged down and Harry, Meghan, Ms Ragland and a security officer getting inside.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Harry and Meghan were filmed arriving at the event before the alleged car chase

But the vehicle and its occupants were spotted by photographers and they reverted to their own security vehicles.

Cab driver Sukhcharn Singh, who goes by the name Sonny, told BBC News he picked up the four passengers on 67th Street between Lexington Avenue and 3rd Avenue.

"A security guard hailed me, next thing you know Prince Harry and his wife were hopping into my cab," he said.

"As we went a block, we got blocked by a garbage truck and all of a sudden paparazzi came and started taking pictures. They were just about to give me the location of where they were going to go, but then they told me to circle back to the precinct."

He said they were "nice people" who "looked nervous".

He thought claims of a "near catastrophic chase" might have been exaggerated, saying that he did not think the paparazzi were being "aggressive".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: BBC talks to taxi driver who drove Harry and Meghan

"New York is the safest place to be - there's police stations, cops on every corner," he said.

"[The paparazzi] were behind us... they kept their distance."

The passengers paid $50 (£40) for the short journey, he added. Mr Singh's account relates to just 10 minutes of what the Sussexes' spokesperson described as an ordeal lasting more than two hours.

The driver's assessment stands in contrast to that of Chris Sanchez, a member of the couple's security detail, who told CNN the scene was "very chaotic" and that photographers at one point blocked the limousine carrying Harry and Meghan.

"The public were in jeopardy at several points," he said. "It could have been fatal."

The couple use private security while in the US - but Harry is engaged in a legal battle in London over the use of Metropolitan Police protection while he and his family are in the UK.

Meghan appeared alongside her husband and mother to accept an award at the event in New York City

The award ceremony they attended - the Ms Foundation Women of Vision Awards - was Harry and Meghan's first public appearance together since the King Charles' Coronation earlier this month.

Meghan accepted an award at the event alongside LaTosha Brown, the co-founder of Black Voters Matter.

New York City Mayor Eric Adams told reporters that two police officers "could have been injured" and that it "would be horrific to lose an innocent bystander during a chase like this".

Prince Harry and Meghan's statement had never claimed there was a high-speed chase. It spoke of a "relentless pursuit" for more than two hours.

Duncan Larcombe, the author of the book Prince Harry: the Inside Story, told BBC News it appeared "something has gone extremely wrong" with Harry and Meghan's security in the US.

"This will come as a huge surprise for people who used to look after Harry in the UK," he said. "There are huge questions to be asked about whether the paparazzi can still operate in this way."

Prince Harry's mother, Princess Diana, was killed in a 1997 car crash in Paris while being chased by photographers.

In an interview with the BBC for the documentary Diana, 7 Days, Prince Harry referred to the paparazzi as "a pack of dogs" who constantly hounded his mother.

"Every single time she went out there'd be a pack of people waiting for her," he said. "I mean a pack of dogs, followed her, chased her, harassed her, called her names, spat at her, trying to get a reaction, to get that photograph of her lashing out."

Photos taken last night show Prince Harry and Meghan leaving the Ziegfeld Theatre in Manhattan

Prince Harry is currently involved in multiple legal disputes with the British tabloid press, including allegations of phone hacking and the unlawful gathering of information.

Earlier this week, a lawyer for the prince told a London court that he should be allowed to challenge a government decision that denied him the ability to pay for police protection while in the country.

The pair stepped down from royal duties and moved to the US in 2020 - a move they said was partly due to harassment from UK tabloids.

Prince Harry has described his battle to change the media as his "life's work". Next month he will appear in a London court to give evidence in a phone-hacking case.

With reporting by Kayla Epstein in New York City

For many people this is the start of the great summer getaway as schools across England and Wales begin their six-week holidays.

But last year's summer season was marked by widespread travel disruption.

So whether you're travelling by plane, train, road or ferry, will things be smoother this time round?

This summer is set to be the busiest time for aviation since before the pandemic.

Some 92,404 flights are scheduled to depart the UK this July, according to aviation data firm Cirium - the most since October 2019.

Last summer, demand for travel roared back after Covid travel restrictions were eased. But many airports and airlines that had made cuts during the pandemic struggled to recruit staff quickly enough.

They insist they've pulled out all the stops to make their operations more resilient this year.

For example, EasyJet told the BBC in March it started recruiting far earlier than usual and was already fully staffed for summer.

However, there are different headaches this year, which could mean further disruption, although not necessarily on the scale of last year's problems.

Strike action, notably by French air traffic controllers, has been causing cancellations and delays for months.

Flights over France to destinations such as Spain and Portugal have also been affected, which Ryanair's boss has repeatedly complained about.

However, some action has been called off. Eight days of strikes planned in July and August by ground handlers at Gatwick Airport will now not go ahead.

Many airports struggled to cope last summer

Proposed summer strike action by security workers at Heathrow was called off after the Unite union accepted an improved pay offer.

And at Birmingham Airport, a strike expected to involve more than 150 security staff and technicians has been suspended after a fresh pay offer.

The threat of strikes by European air traffic managers at Eurocontrol remains, but no dates have been set. The union involved told the BBC it hopes to reach an agreement with the employer.

The air traffic control environment is "challenging", according to Willie Walsh, who heads up global airline body Iata.

EasyJet has already axed 1,700 summer flights at Gatwick to reduce the chance of last-minute cancellations, blaming what it called "unprecedented" air traffic limitations.

Europe's air space remains constrained and clogged up due to the Ukraine war.

"In the event of French strikes some flights may be rerouted through other, already congested, air space which itself creates additional pressure," says aviation expert John Strickland.

"Manpower shortages in parts of Europe such as Greece and Denmark [are] causing capacity bottlenecks, which create further delays.

"Indeed one European airline CEO told me that the whole of European air traffic control except the UK was 'a mess'."

Mr Strickland thinks events like summer storms could add pressure to an already stretched system, leading to delays and cancellations.

On the railway, the plans of thousands of people going on day trips or holidays could be affected.

Rail workers in the RMT union at 14 train companies with government contracts walk out again on Saturday 29 July.

Their dispute over pay, jobs and working conditions has been going on for more than a year now.

The operators are all based in England but some run services into Wales and Scotland.

The level of disruption during these strikes will vary around the country. Many will run reduced services.

Strike day timetables are published a week before each date.

It's worth checking before you set off.

These RMT strikes are happening after the union rejected the latest proposals from the industry, which is backed by the government.

The train companies are under pressure from the government to cut costs. With the national dispute at a standstill, they have since announced controversial plans to close most station ticket offices in England.

Passengers are being asked to provide their views until 26 July, in a consultation run by watchdogs Transport Focus and London Travelwatch.

Train drivers in the Aslef union have also been taking action short of a strike in the form of an overtime ban at 15 train companies. The next overtime ban will be from Monday 31 July to Saturday 5 August.

This could cause some reduced timetables and last-minute cancellations.

In London, strikes on the Underground have been called off following last-minute talks.

Traffic is expected to increase as we head into the summer holiday season, and roads could be busier than usual as train strikes push people into cars instead.

"It's likely that people will consider altering their journey plans and they may well travel by car instead so it's important they check their vehicle is roadworthy before setting off," says Frank Bird, senior network planner at National Highways.

"We'd also remind motorists to check the weather forecast... and to take plenty of drinking water with them as well as food that won't be affected by the heat in case of delays."

There were long queues at Dover during the Easter holidays

Dover is Europe's busiest ferry port, and summer is its peak time as passengers head across the Channel.

It will be under the spotlight again after many passengers experienced long queues last July and during this year's Easter holidays.

Holidaymakers are being warned to expect to wait up to two-and-a-half hours to pass additional passport checks introduced after Brexit.

In late May, port boss Doug Bannister told the BBC everything possible had been done to prevent the same level of delays.

However, he said "it would be foolish" to guarantee there would never be queues. Mr Bannister added that additional passport checks were a factor.

The port's location between cliffs and the sea means space is limited.

It says measures in place ahead of the summer holidays include working with coach and ferry operators to spread out travel at peak times, extra space to process coach passengers, and putting in more border control posts.

Local authorities and emergency services have traffic management plans for busy times, including queuing up lorries on the M20 motorway.

This system was reinstated ahead of the busy July and August period.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

Stephen Flynn has been SNP Westminster group leader since the beginning of December last year

The SNP's Westminster group could miss out on £1.2m in public funds if it fails to file its accounts by the 31 May deadline, its leader has confirmed.

Stephen Flynn told the BBC he could not give any commitment as to whether the deadline would be met.

However, the MP said "everything possible" was being done to ensure this was the case.

Mr Flynn said the party was having problems finding new auditors after the previous company resigned in September.

Accountancy firm Johnston Carmichael, which had worked with the party for more than a decade, said the decision was taken after a review of its clients.

However, First Minister Humza Yousaf confirmed he only found out about it when he took on his new role at the end of March.

And Mr Flynn has told BBC Scotland he only learned of the situation in February.

It comes amid the ongoing police investigation into the SNP's finances, which saw its former chief executive Peter Murrell and treasurer Colin Beattie arrested earlier this month.

Both men were released without charge pending further inquiry.

Separate accounts need to be submitted for the Westminster group by 31 May in order to receive "Short Money" - public funding for opposition parties to carry out their parliamentary work. The SNP is in line for about £1.2m.

Mr Flynn told BBC Radio's Good Morning Scotland programme: "I thought it would be a relatively straight forward process to secure new auditors but that's proven not to be the case."

He said this was partly due to the fact that the financial year was nearing its end as well as the overall challenges in the party's finances.

When asked if the party would lose its Short Money if the deadline was not met, Mr Flynn said: "As I understand it, that would be the case, yes."

He described it as a "situation which is in a state of flux" and added: "I wouldn't want to incur any concern amongst staff that we aren't going to be able to meet our deadlines."

Mr Flynn said he only found out by email on 10 February that the party's auditors had resigned in September.

This was despite the SNP's former Westminster leader Ian Blackford last week saying that all relevant information was handed over to Mr Flynn during the changeover in December.

Mr Flynn said "there may well have been discussions between other people" but reiterated that he was only fully informed of the situation on 10 February.

"I became fully aware of the situation in February," he said. "I received an email from a finance officer who advised me that back in September the party's auditors had opted not to continue and we needed to find our own.

"So since then we've been in the process of trying to find our own because it's important that we are able to undertake our commitments in that regard."

First Minister Humza Yousaf has said that appointing new auditors was one of his "major priorities" and has ordered a governance and transparency review.

Police Scotland launched its Operation Branchform investigation in July 2021 after receiving complaints about how more than £600,000 of donations earmarked for independence campaigning were spent.

Questions were raised after accounts showed the SNP had just under £97,000 in the bank at the end of 2019, and total net assets of about £272,000.

Last year it emerged that former SNP chief executive Peter Murrell, who is married to former first minister Nicola Sturgeon, gave a loan of more than £100,000 to the SNP to help it out with a "cash flow" issue after the last election.

He was arrested two weeks ago at the couple's home in Glasgow before also being released without charge pending further inquiries.

He had resigned as SNP chief executive last month after taking responsibility for misleading statements about a fall in party membership.

Treasurer Colin Beattie has now also stepped down. He was also arrested and released without charge as part of the police investigation.

Last updated on .From the section Tennis

Coverage: Watch live on BBC Two, Red Button, the BBC Sport website and app, with live text commentary of selected matches online

Carlos Alcaraz will face Alex de Minaur in the Queen's final for the chance to win a first grass title and return to world number one before Wimbledon.

A win at the London tournament would lift Alcaraz above Novak Djokovic in the rankings and make him top seed for Wimbledon, which starts on 3 July.

"At the beginning of the week I didn't know that a good result would put me number one but in the press conference yesterday they told me and I thought 'oh my god - it's in my mind, I'm going to go for it'," Alcaraz said after his win over Korda.

Lifting the Queen's trophy would be quite an achievement for someone playing only their third tournament on grass, with this the Spaniard's first final on the surface.

"I'm getting better, feeling better every match and right now I feel like I've played for 10 years on grass," Alcaraz said.

"I didn't expect to adapt my movement and my game so fast on grass and I'm really happy with that."

Since losing the opening set in the first round, Alcaraz has looked slick at the tournament and broke Korda's serve twice in the opening set on Saturday, making just one unforced error in the set to take a dominant lead.

He went an early break ahead in the second and proceeded to curry favour with the London crowd when he hit three outstanding returns over 90mph to break Korda for a second time and go on to serve out the match.
• None Alerts: Get tennis news sent to your phone

'One more to go' for in-form De Minaur

Sunday's final will be a first at this tournament for both players but De Minaur boasts more grass experience than his Spanish counterpart.

Having won at Eastbourne in 2021, De Minaur has proved this week his quick feet and efficient style of play are a good match for the surface.

The 24-year-old becomes the first Australian to reach the final of Queen's since 2006 when Lleyton Hewitt won the title after defeating American James Blake in straight sets.

"I'm having an amazing week, let's just hope I can do just one better tomorrow," De Minaur said.

"I love being here, love playing on this court in front of this amazing crowd.

"It's a pretty special tournament, today was my best match so far. So, happy days - one to go. It would be pretty nice [to win], I'll do my best."

De Minaur immediately broke Rune and served efficiently to take the opening set before the world number six, who has won his first matches on grass at this tournament, saved three break points in the eighth game of the second set on his way to an important hold.

But De Minaur was methodical on serve and bided his time before a dominant tie-break display secured his place in the final and sparked a roar of emotion from the otherwise restrained Australian.

De Minaur has never gone further than the fourth round at Wimbledon but has been in fine form at the warm-up tournament, with his semi-final win over a player ranked 12 places above him evidence of that.

Kazakhstan's Alexander Bublik will take on Russian third seed Andrey Rublev in the final of the Halle Open in Germany after shocking home favourite and French Open semi-finalist Alexander Zverev 6-3 7-5.

The 26-year-old's run to the final will lift him 15 spots to number 33 in the world rankings before Wimbledon as he aims for a first title on grass.

World number seven Rublev, who reached the final in Halle in 2021 but was beaten by Frenchman Ugo Humbert, comfortably beat eighth seed Roberto Bautista Agut 6-3 6-4 in his semi-final on Saturday after the Spaniard had knocked out top seed Daniil Medvedev on Friday.

Bublik, who won his only tour-level trophy in Montpellier in 2022, has found form on grass and advanced to the last four when quarter-final opponent Jannik Sinner of Italy retired injured in their second set.
• None How will Princess Georgiana cope Down Under?
• None Is it time more of us bought an electric car? Panorama investigates why there are so few electric cars on the UK's roads

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets across Israel after Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu fired his defence minister.

Yoav Gallant had spoken out against controversial plans to overhaul the justice system.

In Jerusalem, police and soldiers used water cannon against demonstrators near Mr Netanyahu's house.

Early on Monday morning, Israel's President Isaac Herzog called on the government to halt the reforms.

"For the sake of the unity of the people of Israel, for the sake of responsibility, I call on you to stop the legislative process immediately," he said on Twitter, adding that "the eyes of all the people of Israel are on you".

The US also said it was deeply concerned about the developments and called for a compromise.

A week of disruption had already been planned over the new law.

The reforms include plans that would give the government decisive control over the committee which appoints judges.

They would also make it harder for courts to remove a leader deemed unfit for office, which has angered many who consider it in the interests of the incumbent, Benjamin Netanyahu, who faces an ongoing trial for corruption.

Mr Netanyahu says the reforms are designed to stop the courts over-reaching their powers and that they were voted for by the public at the last election.

After protesting outside Mr Netanyahu's home, the demonstrators - many flying Israeli flags and banging pots and pans - then evaded police forces to arrive at Israel's parliament, the Knesset.

One government employee told the BBC that she felt Mr Netanyahu "crossed every line we have as a democratic country".

"We're defending the last bit of democracy we have and I can't go to sleep this way. I can't do anything until we stop this craziness", she said.

Protesters duck below blasts of water fired from a water canon

In Tel Aviv, flag-waving protesters blocked one of the main highways for more than two hours, before they were cleared by mounted police and water cannon.

Mr Gallant is a former soldier, who for weeks has heard from reservists who were unhappy with the proposed law change.

In early March, fighter pilots in an elite Israeli Air Force squadron vowed not to attend training, in an unprecedented protest against the government.

They later agreed to attend and hold talks with their commanders.

Mr Gallant spoke out against the law on Saturday, where he said members of the Israeli Defence Forces were angry and disappointed.

Mr Netanyahu - who was out of the country at the time of Mr Gallant's TV appearance - said he no longer had faith in him as defence minister.

The prime minister wants to get the new legislation through parliament by the end of the week.

The two politicians are members of the same Likud party and while the defence minister won the backing of some fellow members, others on the far right called for him to go.

A week of disruption had already been planned over the controversial plans to overhaul the justice system

After he was fired, Mr Gallant took to Twitter to reaffirm: "The state of Israel's security has always been and will always be my life's mission."

Israel's opposition leader Yair Lapid described Mr Gallant's sacking as "a new low" for the government.

"Netanyahu can fire Gallant, but he can't fire reality or fire the people of Israel who are fronting up to resist the coalition's madness," Mr Lapid added.

A White House spokeswoman raised US concerns about the situation, saying: "As the president recently discussed with Prime Minister Netanyahu, democratic values have always been, and must remain, a hallmark of the US-Israel relationship."

She added that "fundamental changes" to a democratic system should be "pursued with the broadest possible base of popular support".

"We continue to strongly urge Israeli leaders to find a compromise as soon as possible."

The BBC is speaking to Lineker over comparing UK asylum policy to 1930s Germany

As the UK's most scrutinised media organisation in increasingly polarised times, to say Gary Lineker's recent tweets cause difficulty for the BBC is an understatement.

The director general, Tim Davie, has made impartiality a key platform of his leadership.

Trust in the corporation is at the heart of this. It matters if the public believes its public service broadcaster doesn't represent their views, or that the BBC is shaped by a particular perspective.

Davie has previously said: "If you want to be an opinionated columnist or a partisan campaigner on social media then that is a valid choice, but you should not be working at the BBC."

All staff and on-air talent are bound by "due" impartiality which the BBC is committed to achieving across its output.

Director general Tim Davie has said people who want to be opinionated columnists should not be working at the BBC

Ofcom defines due impartiality, an important distinction from simply impartiality, as "means adequate or appropriate to the subject and nature of the programme".

To use the classic example: If someone says the earth is round, the BBC does not have to give equal weight to someone else who claims the earth is flat.

Lineker is a sports presenter. He tweets on his personal Twitter account.

If a news presenter commented, as he has done, about the government's asylum policies, or about Brexit for example, they would at the very least receive a very serious warning.

Lineker, as somebody associated with sport for the BBC, and who argues he is a freelancer, is in a different position.

"I try to be sensible," he told Radio 4's Media Show in 2021, saying that as a freelancer he's "considerate" to his employers when it comes to what he tweets.

He added that the BBC rules "only apply to people in news and current affairs".

From the outside, it can appear more complicated.

The BBC's editorial guidelines state: "Where individuals identify themselves as being linked with the BBC, or are programme makers, editorial staff, reporters or presenters primarily associated with the BBC, their activities on social media have the potential to compromise the BBC's impartiality and to damage its reputation."

Lineker presents Match of the Day, the BBC's flagship football programme

Lineker's Twitter account has 8.7m followers. So he has a huge platform.

And, whatever the set up of the BBC as a broadcaster, with sport and news being distinct from one another, for audiences that distinction can be less clear. In many people's minds, if you are on the BBC, you work for it, and Lineker happens to be one of corporation's most high profile presenters.

That's why the BBC's editorial guidelines also say that people with platforms have a greater responsibility to uphold impartiality.

Last year, a different tweet by Lineker was found to have broken BBC rules. That concerned a post about the then-Foreign Secretary Liz Truss urging a boycott of the Champions League final in Russia.

The Match of the Day host added: "And her party will hand back their donations from Russian donors?"

The BBC's Executive Complaints Unit ruled that, although the star is not required to uphold the same impartiality standards as BBC journalists, he has an "additional responsibility" because of his profile.

"We expect these individuals to avoid taking sides on party political issues or political controversies and to take care when addressing public policy matters," the ruling said.

To his detractors, Lineker has form. He has made comments before that some have found controversial, including, in 2016, that the government's treatment of asylum seekers was "hideously racist and utterly heartless".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Suella Braverman says she is "disappointed" by Gary Lineker's tweet

But he is also a much loved and well respected sports broadcaster. Match of the Day is a very popular programme.

He may be the BBC's highest paid star, but he could probably earn even more if he switched to another broadcaster.

Lineker clearly cares deeply about the issue of migrant crossings, and he has taken refugees into his own home in the past.

He has not removed his original Twitter comments criticising the government's asylum announcements, which he posted on Tuesday.

After those tweets caused controversy, he tweeted on Wednesday: "Great to see the freedom of speech champions out in force this morning demanding silence from those with whom they disagree."

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Gary Lineker 💙💛 This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

He also thanked his followers for their "love and support", pledging to "continue to try and speak up for those poor souls that have no voice".

Lineker appears bullish. And he isn't the only sports presenter straying into politics this morning, with BT Sport anchor Jake Humphrey describing the government's "stop the boats" pledge as being "a cruel slogan".

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post 2 by Jake Humphrey This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The News Agents presenter and former BBC journalist Emily Maitlis said it was "curious that Gary Lineker [was] free to raise questions about Qatar's human rights record - with the blessing of the BBC - over the World Cup, but cannot raise questions of human rights in this country if it involves criticism of government policy".

However, this is arguably a false equivalence. Voicing an opinion on a government policy about migrant crossings, a divisive subject, is not the same thing as highlighting well-documented human rights breaches in Qatar, something which is a matter of fact.

The BBC is in a difficult position. They say a "frank" conversation is being had with Lineker. But in the end, what are the options?

With some Conservative MPs calling for him to be sacked, not for the first time, the pressure is mounting.

Perceptions on impartiality matter, but it's also clear that impartiality can be politicised by people who have an agenda against the BBC.

As it navigates the demands of its editorial standards, its talent and its audiences, the BBC is walking a tightrope.

Barrie Evans wants to see patients offered mental health support before an amputation

When Barrie Evans had his left leg amputated he felt he had "nothing to live for".

"I couldn't support my family, I couldn't pay my bills, I ended up on suicide watch," said Barrie, 60, from Rogerstone, Newport.

He now runs a support group and is calling for more mental health aid for those who experience limb loss.

The Welsh government said deciding appropriate rehabilitation services was the responsibility of health boards.

Barrie lost his leg in October 2018. He has type 2 diabetes, which can reduce blood supply to the feet, meaning foot injuries do not heal as well and infections can develop. In serious cases amputations can be needed.

Barrie says walking his wife Trish down the aisle was a big motivation during his rehabilitation

He had already had a femoral artery bypass - an operation to bypass a blocked portion of an artery - in his left leg after being bitten by a spider when on holiday in Spain.

Then, in 2018, Barrie dropped a scaffold board on his right foot. It became infected and he developed sepsis, and had to have two toes and part of the underside of his foot amputated, as well as another femoral artery bypass.

While in hospital his left leg also became infected, resulting in a below-knee amputation.

Two days after the amputation, he became depressed.

"They took the bandage off and I looked at it and I thought 'where is my foot? Where's my ankle? Where's my shin?' and that's when it really hit me," he said.

"I felt changed, I felt disgusted with the way I'd led my life which had brought me to this. I went downhill."

He returned home where he had to wait for his wound to heal before he could begin rehabilitation.

Since his amputation, Barrie has taken part in triathlons and plays wheelchair rugby

"I just had nothing to live for," he said.

"I spent nearly seven months on my own in my living room… I slept in my room, I washed in my room, I had a commode so I went to the toilet in my room.

"I couldn't be bothered. I just wanted to die. That's when the mental health team got involved."

Barrie eventually got the mental health support he needed and now works for charity Limbless Association.

He said he was determined that no other amputee should go through what he went through.

He runs a group that meets on the first Thursday of every month at Heath Citizens Community Hall at Heath Park, Cardiff.

Katherine (second from left) lost her leg in 2017, but it was not until 2020 that her mental health faltered

Like Barrie, Katherine Williams, from Baglan, Port Talbot, also hit rock bottom after having her leg amputated.

The 37-year-old has type 1 diabetes, which can increase someone's risk of fractures.

In 2016 she thought she had twisted her ankle when putting washing on the line, but after walking on it for a year she discovered it was broken.

She spent months in a cast and had multiple operations which all failed before her leg was amputated below the knee in August 2017.

Katherine (pictured on her wedding day third from left) has type 1 diabetes which can increase someone's risk of fractures

Katherine said she coped immediately after the operation but during the coronavirus lockdown she hit rock bottom.

"I hadn't been sleeping properly, I'd been sitting up in a living room on my own most nights crying and I didn't know why," she said.

One night she was putting her young daughter to bed and her alarm went off to say her blood sugar levels were low.

"I thought, 'I can't be bothered, I'm just going to slip into a coma and die'," she said.

Thankfully her wife also heard the alarm and woke up and forced her to eat.

She had also stopped caring about things that would previously have been important to her, such as Christmas.

Katherine had her leg amputated below the knee in 2017

Eventually she spoke to her GP and realised the trauma of being diagnosed with diabetes at 15 and losing her leg had caught up with her. She was put on antidepressants and directed to mental health support websites.

She said within two months she was back to her normal self.

Reflecting on losing her leg, she said: "I had really, really good physical help but not once did anyone even ask if I was coping mentally with it… to this day no-one's ever asked.

"I still haven't had any mental health counselling… no-one's mentioned anything about counselling."

She would like to see mental health support offered to patients before and after an amputation.

Beresford Wille says loneliness can be an issue after an amputation

Beresford Wille, 75, from Monmouth, who attends Barrie's support group, lost his right leg after being taken to hospital with a blood clot in June 2021. He too struggled after his amputation.

"I was put into a hospital room… where you've got nobody to talk to, nobody holding your hand, you wake up, you feel alone, desolate… but then you think 'well I'm not dead, I'm alive' and being alive is worth living isn't it," he said.

He said having contact with other amputees had been a big support.

"I think the biggest thing is loneliness… having a phone call every day off somebody would help, just contact really," he said.

Anthony Wintle, pictured with his wife Judith, lost his leg in August

Anthony Wintle, 76, from Bedwas in Caerphilly county, attended the group for the first time this month.

He has type 2 diabetes and lost his leg in August after damaging his toes when he tripped over after going to a rugby match.

"[The hospital] did look after me before the amputation but afterwards once you've had the leg off and you're alright, that's it, you're just another person in the bed," he said.

"I didn't have psychiatric help in there at all, before or after."

Anthony said after returning home from hospital he was stuck in his house for three months because his wheelchair could not get through his door.

"It was a bit disconcerting to say the least," he said.

He said when he was in crisis there was no-one lined up to speak to.

"When I was upset, in the night if somebody had come then I could have talked to them. But there was no chance of getting that because by the time you call them up it's a fortnight before they can come, so you've gone past that stage of needing help and you've gone onto something else," he said.

David Cox says he values meeting other amputees who understand his situation

David Cox from Newport, who has type 2 diabetes and has lost both his legs and a hand, likes to come to the group to meet people who understand his situation and share vital information.

"Things like how you get your driving licence back," he said.

"It's also nice to meet people in the same situation as yourself and have a cup of coffee and a chat."

Barrie wants to see a number of things put in place to support new amputees, including to see mental health teams getting involved with a patient before the amputation.

"I honestly believe that speaking to another amputee, a longer term amputee, would be most beneficial for all pre-elective amputees," he said.

He said support from staff in hospitals and rehabilitation centres was brilliant but it was the gap in between that had been neglected.

"When you come out of the hospital there is no support anywhere. I looked, I looked for months," he said.

"There is a massive hole between discharge from hospital to entrance into rehab."

He also wants information given to amputees about where to get support before they leave hospital.

A Welsh government spokesperson said health boards were responsible for deciding appropriate rehabilitation services, including access to psychological support where needed, and specialist rehabilitation was provided by three specialist centres in Wales.

"We have increased funding to improving access, quality and range of psychological therapies," the spokesperson added.

Barrie's own experience has made him determined to help others.

"I do not want any person who is about to have or has just had an amputation, or a long term amputee, to go through what I went through," he said.

"Life after limb loss is different but 90-95% of the things you did before you lost your limb you can do afterwards, but you've got to think about it."

"There is life after limb loss."

If you have been affected by issues raised in this article you can visit the BBC Action Line pages.

We're ending our live coverage now. Thanks for following along as Laura Kuenssberg and her guests have dug into the detail of Boris Johnson's resignation and its aftermath - as well as her interview with Scotland's new First Minister Humza Yousaf.

We've loads more for you to read:
• Country wants to move on from Boris Johnson, says Shapps
• Boris Johnson: Laura Kuenssberg on the facts, farce and his future

And of course we'll be back in a week for next Sunday's programme - by which time we expect there will have been plenty of time for everyone to trawl through that Privileges Committee report on Johnson.

Today's coverage was written by Ece Goksedef, Alexandra Binley and Heather Sharp. It was edited by Jamie Whitehead.

The parents of a cyclist killed in Glasgow say their daughter would still be alive if Scotland had safer road infrastructure for bikes.

Emma Burke Newman, 22, from Paris died after a crash with a HGV in January.

Her parents, Rose Marie Burke and John Newman, said there should be better separation between cyclists and other road traffic in the city.

They are backing Pedal on Parliament this weekend - an annual ride to Holyrood campaigning for safer roads.

Thousands of cyclists are expected to attend the event in Edinburgh later.

Glasgow City Council said it had "extensive plans" to improve road safety.

Ms Burke and Mr Newman visited the scene of their daughter's accident in Glasgow

Emma was studying at Glasgow's Mackintosh School of Architecture and working part-time in the city when she died.

Her parents said she was a "strong and experienced cyclist" who had cycled in cities including Paris, London and Berlin.

They said in a statement: "Only three months into living in Scotland, she was roadkill at that deadly junction.

"There is more than enough space at the intersection where Emma died to accommodate every traveller.

"There is more than enough space, we just have to commit to making it safe for all who use it."

The annual event attracts a large amount of cyclists, all campaigning for better road safety

The Scottish government said that road safety and investing in infrastructure were high priorities.

Minister for Active Travel, Patrick Harvie, said: "As someone who cycles every day, I know how much more we need to do to keep all road users safe.

"I can give an assurance that the Scottish government will continue to do what's needed to make cycling safer right across the country."

Pedal on Parliament said Emma's death was a "stark reminder" of why it campaigns.

Speaking to BBC Scotland's the Nine, Pedal on Parliament's Iona Shepherd said Scotland was "lagging behind" other European countries on cyclist safety.

And she said the roll-out of cycle lanes was not happening quickly enough in Glasgow.

A Glasgow City Council spokesman said: "The death of Emma Burke Newman while cycling in Glasgow was a terrible tragedy and our thoughts remain with her family and friends who are grieving her loss."

He said the council could not comment further on the case as it was under investigation.

He added: "We are also fully committed to delivering a City Network for active travel that will provide almost 600km of segregated infrastructure for safer walking, wheeling and cycling.

"Our work to create liveable neighbourhoods across Glasgow also aims to provide significant improvement to the active travel experience in all local communities."

"We are working closely with the Scottish government to unlock the funding needed to ensure the delivery of our plans to transform the active travel experience in Glasgow."

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The misconduct panel heard evidence at the force's headquarters in Ripley

An officer will keep his job after it was found he used the Police National Computer (PNC) to find a woman on Instagram.

Derbyshire PC Jack Harrison followed a woman's car at a Co-op supermarket before checking the database on the car's registration in September 2021.

After getting the details of the vehicle's owner, he followed her on the app.

The panel chair said dismissal was "not a proportional or appropriate outcome".

The officer, who joined the force in January 2019 after being a special constable for three years, burst into tears at the outcome.

The officer is said to have followed the woman in his patrol car from a Co-op store in Wirksworth

At a misconduct hearing, PC Harrison was given a final written warning, which will be on record for five years, the Local Democracy Reporting Service said.

The officer denied the allegations and said he believed his actions "were within policing standards".

However, the panel said it concluded that he did carry out the PNC check for a non-policing purpose and that he searched for the woman's name on Instagram minutes later after the check. This was based on evidence seen on a screenshot of the woman's phone.

The hearing heard evidence that after the officer followed the woman at the Co-op in Wirksworth, Derbyshire, he sent flame and heart eyes emojis to the same woman's Instagram.

Panel chair Jayne Salt said PC Harrison had acted with "naivety not cynicism" and - partly because of that - a final written warning was appropriate for his actions.

The woman said PC Harrison had reacted to some of her Instagram posts

Ms Salt said the panel had considered the fact that PC Harrison had not followed up his Instagram "follow" by messaging her directly. However, it was heard that he had sent her another emoji to her in December 2021 before deciding to block her.

The misconduct hearing previously heard PC Harrison followed the car because he felt it was "involved with criminality" and claimed the speed was "too fast" when exiting the store.

But the woman, who cannot be named, told the hearing the "weird" events on that day had made her feel uncomfortable and "worried" about her security.

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, on Twitter, or on Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Andrew Malkinson speaks to Radio 4's Today programme about his first night of freedom

Andrew Malkinson, who served 17 years in prison for a rape he did not commit, has spoken of the toll the miscarriage of justice had on his "psychology, being and soul".

He told the Today programme he felt "joy at finally telling the world the truth" but also anger "that I was even tried for this".

Mr Malkinson, 57, said he was late to the interview because he slept in.

Host Justin Webb said "we at least owe him that".

Mr Malkinson was jailed in 2004 for an attack on a woman in Salford, serving 17 years in prison.

His conviction was overturned on Wednesday by the Court of Appeal.

He said his arrest and trial was "like a real bad dream happening in real time".

"I maintained my innocence - 'I didn't do this'," he said. "But once you've been convicted, you're processed like meat in an abattoir."

"Nobody offers any empathic understanding or anything like that."

He said he would expect compensation but was "living on benefits".

Andrew Malkinson was cleared by senior judges at the Court of Appeal

His case was referred to the Court of Appeal in January after new evidence pointed to another potential suspect.

Greater Manchester Police has confirmed the suspect was rearrested and released pending further investigation.

Mr Malkinson said he was "very shocked [on the day he was arrested] - how am I a suspect?"

"To have someone looking at you like you've committed such an act is horrific," he said, adding his "fervent hope was that it would clear up".

Mr Malkinson told how a combination of studying pure maths and Buddhist meditation kept him resilient in prison.

"It helped discipline my head. In HMP Frankland you could just read science books and study books.

"There is something pure about mathematics it's the truest thing we have."

Andrew Malkinson had always insisted he was mistakenly identified as the attacker

Mr Malkinson said he never felt tempted to falsely admit the crime to get out of jail sooner by doing a rehabilitation programme.

"It means I would get into group therapy, listen to the horrific stories and they would say 'tell us what you did' and it would stick in my throat.

"The only thing I could do was to be true to myself and keep telling the truth.

"It's taken an extremely heavy toll on my person, my psyche - my psychology, my being, my soul - if you want to put it like that. It's been a heck of a devastating experience."

Speaking about what he could be owed, he said: "I feel very strongly about this - somehow, the prison service has lobbied the government so that even if you fight tooth and nail to gain compensation, you have to pay the prison service a large chunk of that for so-called board and lodging."

Mr Malkinson, who is originally from Grimsby, told BBC Newsnight night he banned his mum and sister from coming to see him while he was in prison with sex offenders.

"My mother had her son convicted of a horrific rape - if you saw the newspaper headlines, emotive case - she suffered immensely.

"I wouldn't let [my mother and sister] visit me - it's too emotionally taxing, even if it's once a month.

However he also said it was "very, very important" that his family and partner stuck up for him.

He said he was still in touch with his partner and described her as "the best friend you could ever ask for".

He also spoke of his sympathy for the rape victim.

"She's been let down," he said.

"She thought that I was the perpetrator because she was traumatised when she picked me out of the parade."

Emily Bolton, director of the legal charity Appeal, questioned why it has taken nearly 20 years for Mr Malkinson's case to be overturned.

"The truth is this case is an indictment of both the Court of Appeal and the Criminal Cases Review Commission," she said.

"These so-called 'safety nets' in our justice system missed three earlier opportunities to put this obvious miscarriage of justice right."

Helen Pitcher, chair of the Criminal Cases Review Commission, said she welcomed the court's decision.

She added: "In the ever-changing world of forensic science, new evidence can come to light years after a conviction. We used our special powers to take advantage of DNA breakthroughs to find evidence that we considered could overturn this conviction.

"We recognise that Andrew has had a very long journey to clear his name, but sadly the evidence that led to the court overturning his conviction only became available years after his conviction."

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

John Caldwell has led inquiries into murders, organised crime and dissident republicans

An increased reward of £150,000 is on offer for information leading to the conviction of those who tried to murder one of Northern Ireland's top detectives.

John Caldwell was shot in front of his young son in a sports complex car park in Omagh, County Tyrone, last month.

He suffered life-changing injuries and is still critically ill in hospital.

Police believe the shooting on 22 February was carried out by the dissident republican group the New IRA.

Eight people who had been arrested and questioned by police over the shooting have all since been released.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. New CCTV footage shows of one of the cars used by gunmen as it passes through Coalisland the night before the shooting

On Wednesday the independent charity Crimestoppers announced the new reward for information about the attack.

It had previously offered £20,000 but said anonymous donors had helped to increase that to £150,000.

Det Ch Supt Eamonn Corrigan said the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) was "working relentlessly to bring those responsible to justice".

He said the background of those behind the shooting was of "a terrorist nature, organised crime nature or both".

"These people are quite clearly very dangerous and we need information to put them behind bars where they should be," he said.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Those who shot John Caldwell have links to terrorism, organised crime or both, says Eamonn Corrigan

"That one little piece of information may close a gap that we have."

Mr Corrigan said he was disappointed that no-one had been brought before the courts in relation to the shooting.

But he added that investigations of this type were "particularly challenging" and "take time".

One of Northern Ireland's best-known detectives, John Caldwell has led high-profile inquiries into murders, organised crime and dissident republicans.

Twelve years after he investigated the 2011 murder of his PSNI colleague Ronan Kerr by dissident republicans, he became a target.

Mr Caldwell was shot several times after he had coached a youth football team on 22 February.

He was putting footballs into his car when he was shot.

Read more: Who is the detective shot in Omagh attack?

Police had previously released CCTV footage of a blue Ford Fiesta car believed to have been used by the gunmen.

New footage has been released by the police, showing the car in Coalisland, County Tyrone, on 21 February.

Its registration was MGZ 6242 but it had been fitted with false plates - FRZ 8414 - prior to the attack.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Anonymous donors have helped to increase the reward to £150,000, says Mick Duthie from Crimestoppers

Detectives also believe a second blue Ford Fiesta - registration RLZ 9805 - was used in the attempted murder.

It was bought in Glengormley, County Antrim, at the end of January and was taken to Belfast.

At about 13:00 GMT on Wednesday 22 February - the day of the attack on Mr Caldwell - it was driven along the M1 in the direction of Coalisland and Omagh.

It was found burnt out in the Ardboe Industrial Estate in County Tyrone the next day.

"My appeal is for anyone who knows where either of these two cars were kept prior to the shooting or has knowledge of their movements on the day of the shooting to come forward," said Mr Corrigan.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. BBC chairman: I regret the distraction this has caused

BBC chairman Richard Sharp has denied that he helped arrange a loan for Boris Johnson when he was prime minister.

Mr Sharp was questioned by MPs over his role in loan talks involving Mr Johnson, which came before the then-PM nominated him to chair the BBC board.

The government has previously said Mr Sharp was appointed on merit.

Mr Sharp told the House of Commons Digital, Culture, Media and Sport Committee on Tuesday he had not given Mr Johnson financial advice.

The MPs robustly questioned Mr Sharp, with one telling him she could not understand why he had not been "open and transparent" about his involvement in the loan discussions during his appointment process.

The BBC chairman's appearance at the DCMS committee followed press reports last month about his role in a loan for Mr Johnson, weeks before Mr Sharp was announced as government's choice to be the next chairman of the BBC.

Mr Sharp confirmed he had introduced his friend Sam Blyth to Cabinet Secretary Simon Case in late 2020, which was shortly before his appointment at the BBC.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. BBC chairman: I regret the distraction this has caused

Mr Sharp has previously said Mr Blyth had told him he wanted to provide financial assistance to Mr Johnson after reading about the then-PM's money troubles in the media.

The Sunday Times previously reported that Mr Blyth's assistance resulted in a loan worth a reported £800,000 to Mr Johnson. Mr Blyth has since told the BBC "it was much less than reported and not fully drawn".

On Tuesday, Mr Sharp agreed with acting committee chairman Damian Green that he had "acted as a sort of introduction agency" between Mr Blyth and Mr Case.

He said at a meeting with Mr Case he then raised "the fact that I'd submitted my application to be the chair of the BBC and that therefore, to avoid a conflict, or perception of conflict, I could have - and we agreed - no further participation in whatever transpired whatsoever. And I didn't."

Although he accepted he was "a go-between" for Mr Blyth and the Cabinet Office, he added: "I did not provide and have not provided the former prime minister personal financial advice. I know nothing about his [financial] affairs, I never have done. I didn't facilitate a loan.

"I've nothing to do with it whatsoever. I'm not party to anything that then happened or didn't happen. I've no knowledge of a bank. I've no knowledge of the actual loan."

Boris Johnson stood down as prime minister in September

Mr Sharp, a former investment banker and Conservative donor, described his relationship with Mr Johnson as "broadly professional", and that he only knew of the prime minister's financial issues from press reports.

It had not crossed his mind to mention the loan discussion when he appeared in front of the committee during his appointment process, he said.

Asked whether he regretted not doing so, Mr Sharp replied: "Obviously I regret this situation."

But Labour MP Kevin Brennan accused the BBC chairman of a "monumental failure of judgment" in not disclosing it.

Another Labour MP, Julie Elliott, told Mr Sharp that "it sounds, sitting here, that you were hiding it, that's how it comes across", which he said was not the case.

She asked if he could see that his involvement could be perceived as a conflict of interest.

He replied: "I can see with the benefit of hindsight, particularly with some of the assertions that have been made, that that is a perfectly legitimate issue for you to raise."

At the time, Mr Sharp did tell the cabinet secretary about his conversation with Mr Blyth. The Sunday Times reported on his involvement in the loan discussions last month.

Mr Sharp said: "It's manifest that this has cause embarrassment for the BBC and I regret that."

He added: "I acted in good faith to ensure that the rules were followed and in that sense I have no regret for that."

Mr Blyth's second cousin is Stanley Johnson, the former prime minister's father.

William Shawcross, the commissioner for public appointments, was set to examine how Mr Sharp got the BBC job, but stood aside because of past contact between the pair.

Adam Heppinstall KC has since been appointed in Mr Shawcross's place to look into the appointment.

Last updated on .From the section Athletics

American sprinter Tori Bowie died from complications in childbirth, her agent has said.

Bowie, who won 4x100m relay gold at the Rio Olympics in 2016, plus 100m silver and 200m bronze, died at her home in Florida in May at the age of 32.

Her agent Kimberly Holland told CBS News that speculation over Bowie's death had been "very hurtful".

"So hopefully, now knowing the truth, there will be many apologies," said Holland.

According to an autopsy report obtained by USA Today Sports, the manner of former 100m world champion Bowie's death was ruled "natural".

The report said she was estimated to be eight months pregnant and undergoing labour at the time of her death.

It added possible complications Bowie had included respiratory distress and eclampsia - when a person develops seizures, or convulsions, during pregnancy.

In May, the Orange County Sheriff's Office said deputies had attended a home in the area "for a well-being check of a woman in her 30s who had not been seen or heard from in several days." A woman "tentatively identified as Frentorish 'Tori' Bowie was found dead in the home".

Bowie converted from long jump in 2014 and had an immediate impact on the track, becoming the fastest woman in the world that year.

She was the only American woman to have won an Olympic or world 100m title since Carmelita Jeter in 2011.
• None Why US mothers are more likely to die in childbirth

Bird flu can be fatal in poultry but appears to be less dangerous for cattle

A person in Texas has tested positive for bird flu, the second US human case of the virus that has infected herds of dairy cows in recent weeks.

State health officials said the patient had experienced eye redness after coming into contact with sick cows.

The risk to the general public is low, experts said, but people should take precautions when around ill animals.

The Texas patient is being treated with an antiviral drug and is isolating.

Despite its name, the virus is not limited to birds, and in recent weeks it has been detected in cows in several states, including Texas, Kansas and Michigan. It does not normally spread to people, but human infections have occurred in rare cases around the world.

In people, the virus, also known as avian flu, can cause symptoms that range from mild illness, such as upper respiratory and eye infections, to severe disease such as pneumonia that can be fatal, according to the Centers for Disease Control (CDC).

The first human case of H5N1 bird flu in the US occurred in 2022 in Colorado, when a person became ill after direct exposure to poultry presumed to be infected. That person experienced fatigue for a few days and made a full recovery.

While avian flu is often fatal in poultry, it has been less lethal for cattle.

The CDC advises people to avoid exposure to sick or dead animals including wild birds, poultry and cattle. The agency also says people should not eat uncooked or undercooked related food products such as unpasteurized milk and cheeses.

Laura Trevelyan, now a slavery reparations campaigner, worked for some time as a BBC correspondent in the United States

A descendant of 19th Century aristocrat Sir Charles Trevelyan has said if the Irish government asked her family to pay compensation over the Irish famine they would consider the request.

Laura Trevelyan accepts that her great, great, great-grandfather was among those who "failed their people" while governing Ireland during the famine.

The Irish folk song The Fields Of Athenry singles him out for blame.

But she does not believe her family should be held personally responsible.

Ms Trevelyan, a former BBC journalist, said this is because Sir Charles was involved in his capacity as a British government official during the famine.

In the 1840s, he was the senior British civil servant in charge of Irish famine relief.

More than a million people died and another two million emigrated during the famine, the result of potato blight and exports of food to Great Britain, which ruled the entire island of Ireland at the time.

The Fields Of Athenry is a ballad about a man prosecuted for stealing "Trevelyan's corn".

The Trevelyan family recently agreed to donate more than £100,000 to the Caribbean island of Grenada to compensate for their ancestors' historic role in the slave trade.

Asked why the Trevelyan family would pay compensation to Grenada over slavery and not to Ireland over the famine, Ms Trevelyan said her ancestors were personally profiting from the sale of sugar cane harvested by enslaved Africans in the Caribbean, while Sir Charles was carrying out government policy.

She added: "If the Irish government said the Trevelyan family are liable for what Sir Charles Edward did, then of course that would have to be considered."

After 30 years in the BBC, in the UK and America, Ms Trevelyan left the corporation last month to become a full-time slavery reparations campaigner.

After her family issued a public apology in February over their historic links to slavery, the Irish novelist Katherine Mezzacappa asked Ms Trevelyan on Twitter: "Any word on Charles Trevelyan's catastrophic handling of famine relief in Ireland?"

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Katherine Mezzacappa This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Ms Trevelyan told BBC Radio Ulster's The Nolan Show that the Fields Of Athenry had been sung at her, and she had been directly challenged about her family link to the famine by Sinn Fein's Martin McGuinness in the 1990s.

She said: "A quarter of a century ago, when I was a BBC reporter covering the Good Friday Agreement, I tripped over my own history.

"I well remember Martin McGuinness saying to me, 'Is this a coincidence that the British have sent a Trevelyan for the BBC, a state institution, to cover these negotiations?'.

"I assured him it was a coincidence but he didn't think it was at all and that's when I tripped up against Sir Charles Edward Trevelyan.

"And I remember so clearly being in Crossmaglen in south Armagh and speaking to a member of Republican Sinn Fein who looked at me in horror and said, 'How can you be driving around south Armagh with the blood of the Irish on your hands?' And to my embarrassment I didn't even really understand what either of them were talking about.

"When I got back to Britain I began to read up on Sir Charles."

Laura Trevelyan as a young BBC reporter in the historic town of Carrickfergus, County Antrim

Amid all the recent publicity about her family's connection to the slave trade, she expected questions to be also asked about what happened during the Irish famine.

In the 1830s, after the abolition of slavery, the Trevelyan family received about £34,000 in official compensation, the equivalent of about £3m in modern money.

Asked for her personal view of Sir Charles Trevelyan, she said: "When I wrote a book in 2006, A Very British Family, I'd read everything that had been written about him to that point.

"Where one ends up is, as [the then prime minister] Tony Blair said in 1997, those who governed in London at the time of the Irish famine failed their people by standing by while a crop failure turned into a massive human tragedy.

"He [Sir Charles] was the Treasury official in charge of the famine relief so he is an absolutely central character in this and as I reflected in my book in 2006, he's a providentialist, he's a laissez-faire economist. He feels that private charity in Ireland should be leaping to the rescue.

"It is hard to interpret his writings in some ways because they're so Victorian and convoluted and open to interpretation in some ways. But he both says the people cannot under any circumstances be allowed to starve - and they do starve, so he's failed by his own point.

"And he also seems to suggest that in some ways this is the divine punishment of God for a one-crop economy. It's very hard to defend any of it."

In her book, she said there was a debate over the extent of the role played by Sir Charles, with some historians being more critical than others, and at least one defending him.

Detail from an illustration depicting a scene outside a 19th century workhouse during the Irish famine

As for the song, The Fields Of Athenry, it has become very familiar to Ms Trevelyan.

Written by Pete St John, it has grown in popularity in recent years and is often sung at Irish sporting occasions, including by fans supporting the Ireland rugby team.

"It's been sung to me many a time," Ms Trevelyan said.

"I was once trying to park a car outside the Ministry for Foreign Affairs in Dublin and somebody came and helped me get into the spot. I said, 'Thanks very much', and he said, 'What's your your name?' and I said 'Laura Trevelyan'.

"He looked at me… and began singing The Fields of Athenry.

"And I when I got into the Irish Ministry for Foreign Affairs I was shown around as though I was an historical artefact - 'she's related to Sir Charles' - all of which was pretty extraordinary. What I was embarrassed about at the time was that I didn't know the history of my family and here I was meeting all these people who knew it intimately.

"It made me realise that the past defines the present… you realise that more and more, how the past is not really the past."

On the issue of reparations for Ireland, Ms Trevelyan expanded on her position.

She said: "To the best of my knowledge there isn't an inter-government request from the Irish government to the British for reparations to be paid for the famine because of the action of officials like Sir Charles.

"I guess the distinction I would make is that in the Caribbean my ancestors were acting for private profit whereas Sir Charles was acting as an official for the British government, and the British government did in 1997 acknowledge his failures and the failures of others."

After three decades of telling the stories of other people, Laura Trevelyan is now at the centre of her own.

From anchoring BBC World News America, the broadcaster has turned into a campaigner.

While finding the sudden switch "truly weird", she says she has no regrets and is now fully focused on her new role.

Listen to the full interview with Laura Trevelyan on The Nolan Show on BBC Sounds.

Nicola Bulley was a "busy mum" who juggled a career and family life

Nicola Bulley had been "looking forward to the future" before her disappearance, her partner has told her inquest.

Paul Ansell said there had been concerns about her drinking and she had a "blip" over Christmas but was back to herself by January.

The inquest heard the family called 999 with worries about her welfare.

On the call-out Dr Theresa Leevy said the 45-year-old appeared to be intoxicated but did not wish to engage.

Ms Bulley went missing on a dog walk in St Michael's on Wyre, Lancashire, on 27 January, prompting a major search.

Her body was found in the River Wyre more than three weeks later.

Dr Leevy said she worked alongside a mental health crisis service, who were called on 10 January to the mother-of-two's home address.

The doctor confirmed to the coroner this was following Ms Bulley telling her sister about not wishing to engage with her children and "not wishing to be here".

Describing the encounter as "brief", Dr Leevy said in a review of the service provided to the Bulley family, it was found she had been in receipt of the crisis service even though she "did not wholly meet the criteria".

Mr Ansell, giving evidence, said she had a "blip" over the Christmas period but in January she was back to herself.

He said: "She had a good day the day before [she went missing], came home full of beans, excited with work, with the meetings she had and plans for the year."

Paul Ansell said his partner was planning for the future the day before she went missing

Dr James Adeley, senior coroner for Lancashire, asked Mr Ansell if Ms Bulley had any suicidal thoughts.

Mr Ansell, Ms Bulley's partner of 12 years, replied: "There were a couple of throwaway comments during the blip period but nothing that gave me any concern."

He broke down in tears during his evidence and had to leave the room.

Mr Ansell said: "She was an incredible mum."

"Nikki was a quiet person who enjoyed the simple side of life. She was a very private person and kept herself to herself," he said.

Ms Bulley's younger sister Louise Cunningham told Preston Coroner's Court she "always had things under her control".

She said her sister was "very much a planner" as the "busy mum" and juggled a career and family life.

Ms Cunningham also said there was a "blip" in her sister's mental state in the month before her death but "she was back on the HRT medication in January and back to work and back to the normal Nikki".

Ms Cunningham said her sister was drinking more heavily over that period.

However, she added: "She's never confided in me about any suicidal thoughts."

Ms Bulley's mother said "everything was normal" the day before her daughter went missing.

Dorothy Bulley said she picked up her granddaughters from school on 26 January and looked after them that evening.

She said: "We sorted the girls out and everything was normal."

She fought back tears after she described giving her daughter a kiss and cuddle goodbye.

Nicola Bulley's parents cried as they described saying goodbye to their daughter the day before she went missing

Ms Bulley's father, Ernest, also cried as he talked about saying goodbye to his daughter.

He said: "She was a great daughter, sister and mother, we couldn't ask for any more from her."

Sophie Cartwright KC, representing Ms Bulley's family, said they believed her death was "a tragic accident".

Ms Cartwright said: "There has been much rumour and suspicion and speculation around Nikki's death but the family are very clearly of the view and submit to you that that rumour and speculation is allayed completely when looking at all the evidence."

She added the family believed "Nikki's death would have occurred very shortly after she entered the water".

Ms Bulley vanished while walking her dog by the river after dropping off her daughters, aged six and nine, at school.

Her dog was found shortly afterwards and her mobile phone was discovered on a bench overlooking the water - still connected to a work conference call.

Her disappearance led to intense public interest, criticism of the police and media and a social media frenzy of conspiracy theories.

Lancashire Police came under fire after revealing Ms Bulley's struggles with alcohol and perimenopause.

Ms Bulley's phone was found on a bench close to River Wyre and was still connected to a work conference call

Ms Bulley's former GP told the hearing there was "nothing" in her medical records to suggest she wanted to self-harm.

Dr Rebecca Gray said she had been receiving treatment for "low mood and anxiety" since December 2018, later telling of headaches, fatigue and lack of sleep.

Ms Bulley had been receiving HRT for the menopause since summer 2021, the inquest heard.

She had revisited the surgery, for symptoms including increased anxiety and headaches, and by late 2022 was reporting trouble with sleep.

The GP said Ms Bulley attended a walk-in centre on 11 January after a fall, complaining of increased drowsiness and vomiting.

She was sent to Accident & Emergency where a CT scan came back normal.

On Monday the inquest heard from Home Office pathologist Dr Alison Armour who conducted the post-mortem examination on Ms Bulley.

She said she concluded she died of drowning and there was no evidence she had been harmed before she fell into the water.

Dr Armour also told senior coroner Dr Adeley Ms Bulley had not been drinking before her death.

The inquest also heard from various passers-by who saw Ms Bulley in the village on the morning she disappeared.

One said she looked "absolutely idyllic", while another described her as "not happy" but "not sad".

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

A man has been charged with stalking an MP and impersonating a police officer.

Simon Parry, 44, was arrested on Thursday following an incident with the unnamed MP in Westminster, on Wednesday.

Met Police said officers had "acted swiftly to identify, arrest and charge" the man, adding "we take the safety and security of MPs extremely seriously".

Mr Parry will appear before Westminster Magistrates' Court on Saturday.

"Our officers have acted swiftly to identify, arrest and charge a man in relation to this incident after it was reported to us," said Ch Supt Elisabeth Chapple, who leads the Met Police's Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Command,

"I'd like to thank the teams involved for their fast action and hard work on this case."

She added: "More broadly, we continue to work with MPs and their offices, the Parliamentary Security Department and with local police forces through the Operation Bridger network to provide MPs and their staff safety and security advice."

Google has agreed to delete billions of records and submit to some restrictions on its power to track users, under the terms of a proposed legal settlement.

The deal aims to resolve a class action lawsuit brought in the US in 2020, which had accused the tech giant of invading people's privacy by collecting user data even when they were browsing in "private mode".

The suit had sought $5bn in damages.

Google is supporting the deal, though it disputes the claims.

It has already made changes in response to the lawsuit.

The data deletion will also apply outside of the United States.

In January, shortly after the two sides announced plans to settle the case, the company updated its disclosures to make it clear that it still tracked user data even when users opted to search privately or using its "Incognito" setting.

That mode provides some increased privacy because it does not save the browsing activity to the machine being used.

That same month, the firm said it was starting to trial a feature that would automatically block third-party cookies, which help track user activity, for all Google Chrome users.

It had made that block automatic for Incognito users shortly after the lawsuit was filed in 2020 and has agreed to ensure that limit is in place for five years, according to the terms of the settlement deal, filed on Monday in federal court in San Francisco.

On Monday, Google also agreed to delete "hundreds of billions" of private browsing data records it had collected, the court filing said.

"We are pleased to settle this lawsuit, which we always believed was meritless," Google spokesman Jorge Castaneda said in a statement, noting that the company would not be paying any damages.

"We are happy to delete old technical data that was never associated with an individual and was never used for any form of personalization."

Google is still facing lawsuits from individuals over privacy violations, which could lead to financial penalties.

Lawyer David Boies of Boies Schiller Flexner LLP, who represented users in the fight, called the deal an "historic step in requiring honesty and accountability from dominant technology companies".

The lawsuit had claimed that despite its suggestions to the contrary, Google had tracked users' activity even when they set the Google Chrome browser to "Incognito" mode and other browsers to "private mode".

The legal battle revealed documents in which Google employees described Incognito as "effectively a lie" and "a confusing mess", according to Monday's court filing.

Last year, Judge Yvonne Rogers rejected Google's bid to have the case dismissed, saying she could not agree that users consented to allowing Google to collect information on their browsing activity.

The deal will now go to the court for approval.

The settlement comes as big tech firms are facing increased scrutiny of their practices in the US and beyond.

In the US, Google and its parent company Alphabet are facing two separate monopoly cases brought by the federal government.

It has also recently settled a number of other suits.

It paid nearly $400m (£318m) in 2022 to settle claims brought by US states that it tracked the location of users who had opted out of location services on their devices.

In December 2023, it also agreed to a $700m (£557m) settlement to resolve a lawsuit brought by a group of US states that had accused it of quashing competition to its Play Store on Android devices.

The joint hottest temperature recorded so far in 2023 was hit on Sunday - but conditions are already on the turn.

Coningsby in Lincolnshire reached 32.2C, matching the same heights seen in Chertsey, Surrey, on 10 June.

Meanwhile, thunderstorms lashed areas across northern England, Scotland and Northern Ireland - and the week ahead looks much cooler across the UK.

BBC Weather's Tomasz Schafernaker said Sunday's heat "marked the end of our current hot spell".

He continued: "The end of the month looks considerably cooler, but we're still on course for one of the warmest Junes in the UK since records began.

"Some parts of England have been experiencing temperatures akin to the Mediterranean for over two weeks.

"The weather has been consistently warmer than average across other parts of Europe as well."

The Met Office said Sunday's peak temperature at Coningsby was registered in the same location as the UK's hottest ever day, when 40.3C was recorded on 19 July last year during an extreme heatwave.

Yellow weather warnings for thunderstorms were in place across much of the north of the country during the afternoon, with many reporting downpours and hail.

While the south sizzled, storm clouds gathered further north

But while black clouds rumbled their way towards the north east of Scotland and out to sea, temperatures continued to soar in the south.

London Fire Brigade said 10 fire engines and around 70 firefighters were sent to tackle a grass blaze which had engulfed two hectares of land at Rammey Marsh in Enfield, in north London.

And New Wimbledon Theatre was forced to cancel a performance of Charlie And The Chocolate Factory the Musical due to the "impact on working conditions on stage".

It stayed hot - and mercifully dry - for festivalgoers at Glastonbury, but the picture for the week ahead is more mixed.

Monday is expected to be breezy, with cloud and showers in the north and west of the country, and more unsettled conditions forecast in the days ahead for many.

Thank you for following our coverage

We will now be closing this page - thanks for following along with us. For further updates on the crash at The Study Preparatory School in Wimbledon, you can read our news story here. The day's coverage was edited by Heather Sharp and Alex Binley. The writers were Adam Durbin, Thomas Mackintosh and Laura Gozzi.

Protester Shay Noter suffered a broken nose after being attacked while blocking a road outside the British embassy

The beachside highway beside the British embassy in Tel Aviv descended into a scene of bitter division between Israelis a week ago, and blood was spilled on the tarmac.

The crowd started to block traffic - by now a frequent tactic of protesters - when a driver attacked one of the demonstrators.

They respond by subduing the driver, beating him back with an Israeli flag pole.

It was week 11 of mass anti-government protests, ahead of a trip to the UK today by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.

"Look at what [the driver] did... he hit me with the [oil] can," protester Shay Noter, who suffered a broken nose and bloodied face, told the BBC.

"We have a dictator in Israel that is trying to make his people hate us. You tell your government, you tell your people. He is telling them all the time that we are the enemy."

Opponents of the judicial overhaul describe it as an attempted "regime coup" by the prime minister and his coalition

Part of the demonstrations have been focused on embassies and the main airport, as Mr Netanyahu has paid a series of visits to European capitals amid growing political turmoil at home.

Protesters were on the streets again this Thursday, rallying against plans by his coalition of far-right and ultra-religious parties to limit the powers of Israel's courts.

Critics believe this will muzzle legal protections and open the door to an authoritarian, demagogic state. Mr Netanyahu says the changes will "rebalance" the branches of government.

The proposals would give ministers near full control over the committee which appoints judges and would ultimately strip the Supreme Court of crucial powers to strike down legislation.

"Our democracy is literally under attack by the government," said demonstrator Avinoam Brog.

"My parents' generation was part of the foundation of the country. Our generation was to protect it... Unfortunately, it's changed from protecting it against external enemies to an internal threat by our own government," he told the BBC.

His daughter, Nitzan Weisberg, said they were protesting against a "post-Zionist, messianic government".

"What were [we] fighting for? What were all the sacrifices made for?" she asked.

"My father and brothers didn't fight in wars for a theocracy, for Orthodox Jews, that would persecute LGBT [people], that would discriminate against women, that would persecute Arabs," she continued.

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told a cabinet meeting on Sunday that he would not accept "anarchy"

Mr Netanyahu is travelling to London on Thursday evening for talks on trade and security.

He is due to meet British Prime Minister Rishi Sunak for discussions billed by the Israelis as focusing on Iran and "strategic ties" with the UK.

The Israeli leader is expected to repeat his message that the highly controversial judicial reforms are necessary and that the country will "remain a liberal democracy".

After his election win, he argues, the changes are the will of the people that should not be thwarted by unelected judges.

He has previously denied that minority rights would be affected by his far right coalition partners, saying he has "both hands on the steering wheel".

And speaking ahead of his cabinet meeting on Sunday he said his government would not accept "anarchy".

"There are those who are calling for the blocking of highways, for military refusal, for blood in the streets, and to attack public figures. We will not accept this. We will not accept violence by any side," he said.

In the occupied West Bank, the protests feel a world away amid a growing numbers of Israeli army patrols

But there is growing international pressure on his government, which includes parties that espouse racist, anti-Arab policies, over both its legislation and rhetoric at a time when violence continues to spiral in the region.

Israel's far-right Finance Minister, Bezalel Smotrich, sparked a diplomatic crisis this week when he said there was "no such thing" as a Palestinian people, speaking in front of a map which put the occupied West Bank and neighbouring Jordan within Israel's borders.

Earlier this month, he called for the Palestinian town of Hawara to be "wiped out" after a Palestinian gun attack killed two Israelis, which in turn sparked a deadly rampage by Israeli settlers against Palestinian civilians and their homes.

Under pressure, Mr Smotrich later said he didn't mean it.

Nawal al-Dumaidi says she was trapped for three days in her home in Hawara after settlers burned its entrance

In the occupied West Bank, the protests feel a world away amid Israeli military outposts and growing numbers of army patrols.

Homes in Hawara still bear the scars of violence, with burned out buildings and vandalised shopfronts yet to be repaired.

Nawal al-Dumaidi, 70, showed the BBC inside her apartment which overlooks the main highway.

She was trapped for three days after the settlers burned the building's entrance and still has several tear-gas and stun-grenade shells that she says the Israeli military fired at her terrace while the fire raged.

Now, her family fears a deteriorating atmosphere, with the settlers emboldened by their far-right allies in government.

"We are suffering all the time. Settlers descend from the mountain, burn olive trees and attack homes," said Mrs Dumaidi.

"I am afraid that they will occupy Hawara because of its strategic location on the main road," she added.

There have been international efforts to de-escalate tensions in the region ahead of Ramadan and Passover

Her nephew, Jehad Shurab, talked about the weakness of the official Palestinian leadership, adding that "only God" can help the residents.

"The prime minister of Palestine came here. While he was here, the IDF [Israeli army] is down there [on the road]," he said.

He believes that Mr Smotrich and Israel's far-right National Security Minister, Itamar Ben-Gvir, are helping create an atmosphere of chaos.

"Ben-Gvir, Smotrich, they are crazy. And you see what's happening in Israel now... The international community must put an end to such behaviour of teenage Israeli politicians. The European Union, America, and the countries of the world must limit the dictatorial behaviour of these people," he says.

In the nearby cities of Jenin and Nablus, there are no signs of progress in US-backed attempts to restore the limited security grip of the Palestinian Authority (PA) - the official leadership rejected by a new generation of armed militants whose firepower has grown dramatically over the last 18 months.

In the most deadly start to a year in nearly two decades, Israeli military raids have become increasingly lethal, alongside a continuing wave of Palestinian armed attacks. At least 88 Palestinians and 15 Israelis have been killed since the beginning of January.

A tense period is expected in the coming weeks as hundreds of thousands of worshippers flock to Jerusalem with the Jewish holiday of Passover due to overlap with the Muslim holy month of Ramadan, which starts here on Thursday.

Amin Nasser is the president and CEO of Aramco, the world's second-most valuable company behind Apple

Saudi oil giant Aramco has announced a record profit of $161.1bn (£134bn) for 2022, helped by soaring energy prices and bigger volumes.

It represents a 46.5% rise for the state-owned company, compared with last year.

It is the latest energy firm to report record profits, after energy prices spiked following Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine in February 2022.

Aramco also declared a dividend of $19.5bn for the October to December quarter of 2022, to be paid in the first quarter of this year.

Most of that will go to the Saudi government, which owns nearly 95% of the shares in the company.

Brent crude oil, the benchmark oil price, now trades at around $82 a barrel - though prices exceeded $120 a barrel last March, after Russia's invasion, and June.

"Aramco rode the wave of high energy prices in 2022," said Robert Mogielnicki of the Arab Gulf States Institute in Washington. "It would have been difficult for Aramco not to perform strongly in 2022."

In a statement on Sunday, Aramco said the company results were "underpinned by stronger crude oil prices, higher volumes sold and improved margins for refined products".

Aramco's president and CEO Amin Nasser said: "Given that we anticipate oil and gas will remain essential for the foreseeable future, the risks of underinvestment in our industry are real - including contributing to higher energy prices."

To address those challenges, he said, the company would not only focus on expanding oil, gas and chemicals production - but also invest in new lower-carbon technologies.

Aramco - the world's second-most valuable company only behind America's Apple - is a major emitter of greenhouse gas emissions that contribute to climate change.

Responding to Aramco's announcement, Amnesty International's secretary general Agnès Callamard said: "It is shocking for a company to make a profit of more than $161bn in a single year through the sale of fossil fuel - the single largest driver of the climate crisis."

She added: "It is all the more shocking because this surplus was amassed during a global cost-of-living crisis and aided by the increase in energy prices resulting from Russia's war of aggression against Ukraine."

Saudi Arabia is the largest producer in the oil cartel Opec (Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries).

The Gulf kingdom has been condemned for a range of human rights abuses: its involvement in the conflict in neighbouring Yemen, the murder in 2018 of journalist Jamal Khashoggi, for jailing dissidents, and for the widespread use of capital punishment.

In a separate development on Sunday, Iran said its oil exports had reached their highest level since the re-imposition of US sanctions in 2018.

Oil Minister Javad Owji said exports increased by 83 million barrels in 2022 compared with the previous 12 months. In Iran, a new year starts in March.

Analysts say the rise is due to greater shipments to Iranian allies China and Venezuela.

Tehran's export revenues took a significant hit after then-US President Donald Trump pulled out of a landmark nuclear deal five years ago.

The US sanctions, coupled with economic mismanagement and corruption, have meant that the Iranian economy has not had any substantive growth in the past decade. And by some measures, it is still 4-8% smaller than it was back in 2010.

I'm so happy to come home - Chadian student

A student has told the BBC of her relief at being airlifted from Sudan. "The Chadian embassy helped us and now we are on a plane. I am very happy to come back to my beloved country, Chad," says Ikhbar. She says dozens of other Chadians are on board the flight, and although she is leaving her university studies behind in Khartoum, she's grateful to have found safety. "It feels very different, thank God." More than 220 people have so far been repatriated to Chad, says French-language broadcaster RFI, and the Chadian government is urging others still in Sudan to report to its consulate and register themselves for a return flight. Chad neighbours the Darfur region in western Sudan, which has seen some of the worst violence since the fighting began. A UN official told the BBC Newsday programme that as many as 250,000 Sudanese could end up seeking refuge in Chad, despite the country's own security problems and its already struggling humanitarian response to Sudan's crisis.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. In video purporting to show the strike, a light aircraft - thought to be modified to fly unmanned - is seen hitting a building

Ukraine has claimed responsibility for a drone attack in Russia's Tatarstan region - more than 1,300km (807 miles) from the Ukraine-Russia border.

The strikes, in which 12 people were injured, are the deepest into Russian territory since the start of the war.

Local authorities said that the strikes hit the town of Yelabuga, where drones are thought to be produced, and an oil refinery in nearby Nizhnekamsk.

Yelabuga is located in the Alabuga "special economic zone" - an area with a special legal system aimed at attracting foreign investment. Iranian Shahed drones - which are frequently used by Russia to attack Ukraine - are thought to be assembled in Yelabuga.

According to media reports, at least 12 people - all of them students - were injured in Yelabuga.

Tatarstan regional leader Rustam Minnikhanov said the drones caused "no serious" damage to infrastructure in either location and that production operations were unaffected.

However, Ukraine's military intelligence said the strike in Yelabuga "caused significant destruction of production facilities".

Shortly after the attacks, a video circulated online purporting to show a light aircraft - thought to have been modified to fly unmanned - descending onto a building in Yelabuga before exploding, sending a fireball into the air.

On Tuesday morning, drones were also spotted in the Lipetsk region south of Moscow and an air raid alert was introduced, local authorities said.

For several months now, Kyiv has been ramping up its drone attacks on Russian territory.

Ukraine has warned repeatedly that its army is facing severe ammunition shortages, but has set a target of producing a million drones domestically this year.

Earlier this year, Ukraine was reportedly able to hit a major gas export terminal near the city of St Petersburg, 1,250km (775 miles) from the Ukraine-Russia border.

The family of murdered woman Fawziyah Javed said the spark has gone out of their lives forever.

A statement read outside Edinburgh High Court by Natasha Rattu said: "There is no more joy and the zest for life has gone. We have been left in the depths of dark forever to suffer to suffer this lifelong loss."

Kashif Anwar, 29, killed the 31-year-old when she plunged from a rocky outcrop on Arthur's Seat during a holiday in September 2021.

As she lay dying, Ms Javed, from Yorkshire, told a police officer her husband had pushed her.

Gen Syrskyi (L), seen here with President Volodymyr Zelensky, is leading Ukraine's renewed offensive in the east

"We'd like to get very fast results, but in reality it's practically impossible," says the man overseeing Ukraine's renewed offensive in the east.

We meet Gen Oleksandr Syrskyi at a secret location beside the command vehicle he uses to visit his troops and keep an eye on the battle. On top is a powerful machine gun. Inside, a large screen displays multiple live video feeds of the battlefield from hundreds of drones.

Look up Gen Syrskyi online and you will see him described as "the most successful general of the 21st Century so far".

It's a lot to live up to.

He led the defence of Kyiv at the start of Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine last year. He was the mastermind behind Ukraine's surprise and successful counter-attack in Kharkiv last summer. Now, he's head of military operations in eastern Ukraine - one of the two main axes in Ukraine's counter-offensive.

We watch a feed of the heavily shell-scarred fields around Bakhmut, where some of his troops are trying to take back ground. I ask him if it's his goal to recapture the city? He smiles and says: "Yes, of course. I try to do it."

But even he admits that, more than a month since it started, Ukraine's long-awaited offensive on multiple fronts is going slower than many had hoped.

He says in the east, just like the south, the area is saturated with mines and defensive barriers. The Russians, he says, have many strongholds: "Therefore, our advances are really not going as fast as we would like."

We'd like to get very fast results. But in reality it's practically impossible

But Gen Syrskyi believes Ukraine still has one distinct advantage.

"I believe the unity of our military leadership and our soldiers' trust in each other is a strong point of our army."

That's in stark contrast to Russia's military hierarchy, which appears to be suffering from infighting, with senior officers being removed from command.

Gen Syrskyi is lionised by those around him, who admire his commitment, determination and cunning. Relaxation is a daily session in the gym. He sleeps for just four-and-a-half hours a night.

To the south and north of Bakhmut, Ukraine says it has retaken nearly 30 sq km (about 12 sq miles) of territory from the Russians.

For him recapturing Bakhmut is also "a matter of honour": "We lost many of our brothers, our servicemen, when we were defending Bakhmut… therefore we simply have to return it."

Ukraine's deputy defence minister, Hanna Maliar, told us that Russian forces in the city would soon be trapped. But artillery shells were still raining down on one Ukrainian position we visited just 3km from the city.

Alex, one of the soldiers from Ukraine's 57th Brigade, describes the situation as "tense".

He points to a large crater created by a Russian artillery shell from earlier that morning. It landed just a few metres from his trench.

Shortly after, we too had to run for cover.

Far away from the shelling, commanders in a deep bunker are co-ordinating the efforts to recapture Bakhmut.

Two months ago, when I was last here, Ukraine was losing ground and in danger of being encircled. Now, the tables have turned.

Col Oleksandr Bakulin, commander of the 57th Brigade, tells me it's now the Russians who are in trouble.

He says he doesn't underestimate his enemy, but that the regular Russian troops he now faces are not like Yevgeny Prigozhin's Wagner mercenaries who eventually captured the city earlier this year.

Wagner, he says, "were uncomfortable enemies… they were killing for the sake of killing".

"If we put in a bit of effort, Bakhmut could be encircled," Col Bakulin says. Contrary to conventional military wisdom, he also says his casualties in the offensive are fewer than when his unit was static, defending the city.

Moving forward, albeit slowly, he says has also boosted morale so "the losses are easier to bear".

For the first time on the eastern front, the numbers of Ukrainian forces now match those of Russian troops - about 160,000. However, Ukraine is still outgunned by Russian artillery.

M777 howitzers, supplied by the US, are already in position around Bakhmut

Could the dynamics change with the arrival of US-supplied cluster munitions, which contain dozens of small bombs that can be sprayed out over a wider area? More than a hundred countries have banned them.

Col Bakulin says they're needed to "inflict maximum damage on enemy infantry". "The more infantry who die here, the more their relatives back in Russia will ask their government 'why?'"

But, he adds: "I can't say that cluster bombs will solve all our problems on the battlefield."

He also acknowledges they're a controversial weapon: "If the Russians didn't use them, perhaps conscience would not allow us to do it too."

Gen Syrskyi confirmed that US cluster munitions had now arrived in Ukraine and would be ready to use within days. We saw the US-supplied M777 howitzers, which will fire the shells, already in position around Bakhmut.

The general says the city's recapture would have more than just symbolic value. He argues Bakhmut is also of strategic importance - as the gateway to other key cities in the region.

But, he says: "Our people wait for victories. They need small victories."

Fentanyl trafficking has surged in the US in recent years

The Mexican president says his country has proof that illegal shipments of the powerful opioid drug fentanyl are arriving from China.

A container with hidden packages of the drug was intercepted in the Pacific port of Lázaro Cárdenas, President Andrés Manuel López Obrador said.

"We already have proof," he said, adding that he would ask the Chinese government to help stop the shipments.

US authorities say fentanyl is now the main driver of US drug overdose deaths.

In March President López Obrador said he had written to Chinese President Xi Jinping requesting Chinese help in the anti-narcotics fight, after US politicians had urged him to do so.

He told reporters on Friday that he would repeat that plea to Beijing: "In a very respectful manner, we are going to send this information to reiterate the request that they help us."

Mexican Navy Secretary Rafael Ojeda said the container intercepted in Lázaro Cárdenas had packages weighing 34-35kg (75 pounds) with traces of fentanyl and methamphetamine hidden in fuel resin. The cargo had left the Chinese city of Qingdao and passed through Busan in South Korea before reaching Mexico.

Fentanyl is up to 50 times more powerful than heroin. The US Drug Enforcement Administration says 67% of the 107,375 US deaths from drug overdoses or poisonings in 2021 were linked to fentanyl or similar opioids. Fentanyl is linked to more deaths of Americans under 50 than any other cause, the DEA says.

The US authorities blame Mexican drug gangs for supplying fentanyl to users across the US. Last month three sons of drugs kingpin "El Chapo" - members of Mexico's Sinaloa cartel - were charged in the United States with fentanyl trafficking, but only one of them is in custody. Their father Joaquín "El Chapo" Guzmán is serving a life sentence in the US.

President López Obrador has said fentanyl is not produced in Mexico but bought by the drugs gangs from suppliers in Asia.

Last month Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson Mao Ning said "there is no such thing as illegal trafficking of fentanyl between China and Mexico".

"China has not been notified by Mexico on the seizure of scheduled fentanyl precursors from China," she said. Drugs listed in schedules are subject to various official restrictions.

Mao Ning said the widespread fentanyl abuse in the US was a problem "completely 'made in USA'".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Listen: Sinead James makes a 999 call claiming her daughter had been injured after falling down the stairs

A man has been found guilty of murdering his partner's two-year-old daughter after subjecting her to a "brutal" assault.

Kyle Bevan, 31, of Aberystwyth, Ceredigion, killed Lola James while he was alone with her in July 2020.

Lola's mother Sinead James, 30, of Neyland, Pembrokeshire, was found guilty of causing or allowing her death.

Bevan, James's boyfriend, blamed the family dog for the death, but a jury took just over 10 hours to find him guilty of murder.

Lola's grandmother Nicola James said the loss her family felt was "indescribable", adding they would never get over her death.

Swansea Crown Court heard Bevan told the police Lola's injuries were caused by the family dog, an American bulldog called Jessie, which pushed her down the stairs.

Kyle Bevan was found guilty or murdering Lola in a “frenzied and brutal attack”

The prosecution said the claim was a "deliberate lie to cover up his guilt".

Bevan had lived in the family home in Haverfordwest for four months before he killed Lola.

The court heard he used drugs including Xanax, cannabis and amphetamines, and had a volatile temper.

He subjected Lola to a "brutal" assault between the evening of 16 July and the morning of 17 July 2020.

Lola, described as a "happy, beautiful and busy little girl", was found to have 101 cuts and bruises on her body.

She experienced head trauma likened to injuries sustained in a high velocity car crash.

Phone records show that at about 06:30 BST on 17 July, Bevan Googled: "My two-year-old child has just taken a bang to the head and gone all limp and snoring. What's wrong?"

Bevan waited another hour before calling an ambulance.

The court heard that when paramedics arrived at the home, they found Lola lying unconscious with a swollen and bruised face, and she also appeared to be wet.

Investigators later noticed that the bath was spotlessly clean despite the rest of the house being dirty.

A vomit and blood-stained grey onesie was also found in the corner of the living room.

The prosecutor said it is believed all that was part of Kyle Bevan's attempt to destroy evidence.

Prosecutor Caroline Rees KC told the court: "We say that, rather than face up to what he did to the little girl, Kyle Bevan immediately tried to save himself.

"Rather than immediately call the emergency services, as surely would be natural had this been an accident as he now says, he took time to concoct excuses and lies."

Lola's mother Sinead James was found guilty of causing or allowing her daughter's death

Jurors were shown photographs that Bevan took of Lola's injuries and a video he shot of her unconscious and badly injured.

In the video, a topless Bevan is seen lifting an unresponsive Lola and trying to stand her up.

He then lets her go and a thud can be heard as she falls to the ground.

Bevan then places Lola back on the sofa where she can be heard snoring, and he walks towards the camera saying: "She's gone. She's gone."

Sinead James claimed she was asleep when her daughter's injuries were caused, which was accepted by the prosecution.

But they said James should have been aware of the threat Bevan posed to Lola due to previous violent incidents against her.

James told the court she was woken by Bevan at 07:20 on 17 July, who told her Lola had fallen down the stairs.

She told the court she rushed to see her daughter and saw Lola on the sofa with a swollen head and lips.

Lola had previously suffered a series of injuries in the months leading up to her death including a bloodied nose, a grazed chin and a split lip.

All of these were covered up by Bevan with a string of excuses, but the jury ruled they should have made James realise that Bevan was a threat to Lola.

Bevan told police Lola had been pushed down the stairs by the dog

James had a domestic violence advisor, to whom James never disclosed that Bevan had moved into the family home.

James broke down in tears when the verdict was read out that she was found guilty of causing or allowing her daughter's death.

Bevan did not react when he was found guilty of Lola's murder.

After the trial, Lola's grandmother Nicola James said in a statement: "My last memory with Lola is hearing her singing the song Diamonds by Rihanna.

"She will forever be our diamond up in the sky, we will never ever forget her, and we will continue to keep her memory alive.

"As a family we will never get over this, the loss that we feel is indescribable."

Sinead James claimed she was asleep when her daughter's injuries were caused, which was accepted by the prosecution

Lola's father Daniel Thomas said the pain and grief he felt was "unbearable".

"The pain I feel thinking of all the smiles you gave to me and all the smiles I won't get a chance to give back to you hurts so much.

"Even to say your name shatters my heart to know you can't hear my voice anymore.

"The only reason I can stand here today is for hope that you can see me, see that you were loved and that you deserved to live a full, happy, safe life surrounded by the joy that you gave to others."

"I'm so sorry your short life was filled with so much pain. You are so loved Lola and so missed every single day."

NSPCC Cymru's assistant director Tracey Holdsworth said a review into Lola's death must establish whether more could have been done by agencies to save her.

"It's crucial this leads to systemic changes that ensure children like Lola are better protected," she said.

Bevan and James will be sentenced on 25 April.

Yoghurt manufacturer Müller has donated £100,000 to a wildlife charity after high levels of ammonia were discharged into a river near its dairy facility.

The Environment Agency (EA) said large pieces of fruit had passed into the factory's effluent treatment plant in Market Drayton, Shropshire, in 2018.

As a result, high levels of ammonia went into the River Tern and stayed above permitted amounts for 15 days.

The EA said Müller had since complied with regulations.

It added that as well as its payment to Shropshire Wildlife Trust, the manufacturer had also spent £2m improving its environmental practices.

Müller is the country's largest yoghurt producer and uses Market Drayton as its headquarters.

Contamination in the River Tern remained above permitted levels for 15 days

The EA said the discharge in January 2018 had marked a failure to comply with its permit conditions.

It happened during maintenance works, when pieces of fruit were inadvertently allowed to enter the effluent treatment plant.

A spokesperson for Müller said there was "no evidence of environmental harm". However, the company acknowledged the incident "fell short of the expectations we set ourselves to be a responsible and sustainable business".

The spokesperson said Muller took the discharge "extremely seriously" and was "committed to making a number of significant changes at our Market Drayton site to ensure nothing like this could happen again".

It has made changes to staff training and control systems, the spokesperson said, adding there had been no similar incidents since.

"The Environment Agency is increasingly using this method of enforcement for suitable cases to restore the environment, improve practices of the offending company and avoid longer criminal court cases," said Sarah Dennis, from the agency.

"However, we will prosecute in appropriate cases.

"Enforcement undertakings allow polluters to positively address and restore the harm caused to the environment and prevent repeat incidents."

Shropshire Wildlife Trust works to restore natural habitats in the county and said the money would go towards watercourse protection projects along the Tern.

"Müller's donation will support the land and water team who manage and improve the health of our county's water by surveying aquatic species, running events and working with different partners to address flooding issues across the county," said Pete Lambert, from the charity.

"The funds will support the delivery of vital watercourse-protection and water quality enhancement projects using nature-based solutions including fencing and tertiary water-treatment along a small tributary of the River Tern in north Shropshire."

Follow BBC West Midlands on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: newsonline.westmidlands@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

King Charles will wear layers of golden robes during the Coronation

We know the date, the time, most of the guest list - and now we know the outfit.

The heavy and priest-like golden robes King Charles III will wear for his Coronation have been revealed.

During the service, the King will put on layer upon layer of glittering vestments, some of which were created for his great-grandfather George V.

Prince William will help during the service by placing a ceremonial robe on his father.

The Imperial Mantle, seen here, is meant to symbolise the divine nature of kingship

For the crowning, King Charles will be given a long shimmering gold-sleeved coat to wear called the Supertunica.

The robe was created for George V in 1911 and has been worn at successive coronations including by the late Queen Elizabeth II.

It weighs about 2kg (4.4lb), is made of cloth of gold - silk thread wrapped in thin pieces of gold or silver gilt metal - and is embroidered with stylised arabesques and floral motifs.

Layered on top of the Supertunica, there will be a floor-length cloak called the Imperial Mantle, or Robe Royal, which was made for George IV in 1821 - it weighs 3-4kg (6.6-8.8lb).

The mantle, which fastens across the chest with a golden eagle clasp, is inspired by ancient coronation ensembles and its priest-like style is meant to symbolise the divine nature of kingship.

Made of cloth of gold, it is embellished with motifs including fleur-de-lis, as well as imperial eagles, and national floral emblems of red-pink roses, blue thistles and green shamrocks.

It has been worn by previous monarchs including Queen Elizabeth II during her coronation in 1953.

The Imperial Mantle fastens across the chest with this golden eagle clasp

The weight of the ceremonial robes comes on top of the crown which weighs about 2.23kg (nearly 5lbs).

The robes are reminiscent of the coronation ceremony, explained Caroline de Guitaut, deputy surveyor of the King's Works of Art at the Royal Collection Trust.

"They have clearly incredible historic significance, but they're also significant because of the sacred nature of their use during the investiture part of the coronation ceremony," she said.

The garments are usually kept in the Tower of London and form part of the coronation regalia.

It is tradition for recent monarchs to reuse garments, just as King Charles is, but they usually have a new coronation sword belt and glove to be used during the ceremony.

But in a move aimed at making the event more sustainable, the King has decided to reuse the belt and glove worn by his grandfather George VI - the last male monarch.

"It was the King's personal decision", said Ms de Guitaut, adding that the items remain in "remarkable condition".

"And it's in keeping with this idea of sustainability and efficiency to reuse these pieces," she added.

The sword belt from 1937, also known as the Coronation Girdle, is made of embroidered cloth of gold and has a gold buckle stamped with national emblems.

During the investiture, it will be placed around the King's waist, over the Supertunica, and has a gold clip used for briefly attaching the jewelled Sword of Offering, which symbolises being able to decide between good and evil.

Meanwhile, the single coronation glove, also known as the Coronation Gauntlet, will go on King Charles' right hand while he holds the Sovereign's Sceptre with Cross during the crowning.

It is made of white leather and the large cuff is embroidered in the form of national emblems including the Tudor rose, thistle, shamrock, oak leaves and acorns. The back of the hand has an embroidered ducal coronet above the coat of arms of the family of the Dukes of Newcastle.

The garments are usually kept in the Tower of London and form part of the coronation regalia.

King Charles decided to recycle the Coronation Gauntlet worn by his grandfather George VI

King Charles will arrive at Westminster Abbey in George VI's crimson red Robe of State which he will remove for his anointing.

Then for the investiture he will put on a sleeveless white garment called the Colobium Sindonis - Latin for shroud tunic - and will also be given a long, narrow embroidered band of gold silk which goes around the shoulders, known as the Coronation Stole.

At the end of the service, the King will change into George VI's purple Robe of Estate to leave the Abbey.

Read the latest from our royal correspondent Sean Coughlan - sign up here.

Prince Louis pictured with his mother, the Princess of Wales

An image of a smiling Prince Louis being pushed in a wheelbarrow by his mother is one of two released to mark his fifth birthday on Sunday.

The other is a close-up shot of the beaming youngster as he sits in the wheelbarrow.

Louis is fourth in line to the throne following the death of Queen Elizabeth II last September.

In a fresh departure from tradition, the photos were taken by photographer Millie Pilkington and not Catherine.

Photos by his mother, the Princess of Wales, have been regularly used to mark the young royals' birthdays.

Earlier this week, Catherine released a picture of the late Queen surrounded by some of her grandchildren and great-grandchildren to mark what would have been her 97th birthday.

The 41-year-old is a keen photographer and patron of the Royal Photographic Society.

In 2021, the Princess of Wales released a pandemic photography book "Hold Still" in partnership with the National Portrait Gallery.

Louis attends the private Lambrook School near Ascot in Berkshire with his siblings, Prince George, nine, and Princess Charlotte, seven.

The late Queen with her grandchildren and great-grandchildren

For the King's coronation on 6 May, the young prince is expected to accompany his siblings in the procession from Westminster Abbey, according to newspaper reports.

He was not seen at the Queen's state funeral at Westminster Abbey, thought to have been too young to attend the service with his parents.

He was born on St George's Day - 23 April - 2018 in St Mary's Hospital in Paddington, London, weighing 8lb 7oz.

At 11 weeks old, he was christened Louis Arthur Charles by the Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby, at the Chapel Royal in St James's Palace.

Read the latest from our royal correspondent Sean Coughlan - sign up here.

Quebec has put out more than a dozen fires since 1 June. The province is still battling 127 fires as of Friday

Quebec has made progress in its battle to fight wildfires that have contributed to the smoke that blanketed large parts of North America this week.

"We're really happy with the last 48 hours," said Philippe Bergeron, with Quebec's firefighting agency, on Friday.

Some evacuees in the province are hopeful they can soon return home.

Canada is currently battling more than 400 wildfires burning across the country.

Mr Bergeron said that firefighters have been successful in putting out a few fires, as well as containing larger ones in the province that have not grown as much in the last few days.

On Friday, Quebec said it had allocated C$1,500 ($1,120; £890) for every household that had been forced to evacuate in the province because of the fires.

But despite improvements in that province, on the west coast, officials in British Columbia (BC) are warning of a "wild" fire season ahead.

On Thursday, residents of the town of Tumbler Ridge, in north-eastern BC, were ordered to evacuated due to a rapidly growing fire nearby.

In Quebec, where about 120 fires are currently burning, residents from Oujé-Bougoumou told the BBC that they are getting regular updates about the fire threatening their Cree community.

Oujé-Bougoumou evacuees have been sheltering in local colleges in the city of Saguenay, around 392km (243 miles) southwest of their community.

Several fires are also threatening other nearby indigenous communities, like Chibougamau, which has also been evacuated.

Lance Cooper, the deputy chief of Oujé-Bougoumou, said his town of some 650 people had to evacuate quickly as thick clouds of smoke and flames encroached on Tuesday.

He said when evacuation efforts began, the town was focused on getting its most vulnerable people out, like the elderly and people with respiratory issues, due to concerns about air quality.

But within hours, they received a call from Quebec's firefighting agency warning the situation had grown more dangerous.

"They had told us that everybody must go," Mr Cooper told the BBC.

They cleared the community very quickly after that, he said.

Wildfire smoke filled the skies of Ouje-Bougoumou on Tuesday, hours before the entire community was forced to evacuate.

Mr Cooper said that by the time he left, on the only highway out of town, what would have been a two-hour trip turned into a six-hour journey, with cars of evacuees from the region driving bumper-to-bumper .

He said his community's evacuees have been welcomed in Saguenay, a city of 145,000 people, where they have spent the past few days at makeshift shelters set up in local colleges, sleeping on military beds.

But they are well taken care of, he said and the Cree community has been organising activities for the evacuated youth, like paintball games and movie nights.

"It's like we're on a camping trip," Mr Cooper joked.

But he said the situation has been scary for the community, who has never been forced to evacuate due to wildfires before.

People are hopeful that their homes will be spared, he said.

Some communities across Canada have already lost homes as a result of this year's devastating wildfire season.

In Alberta, around 85 structures have been destroyed on the Little Red Cree Nation, a spokesperson told Global News.

At least another 150 homes were destroyed in the Atlantic province of Nova Scotia, local authorities had said.

Canada is relying on the help of firefighters from around the world, who have come to battle the unprecedented wildfire season.

Just over 100 arrived from France to Quebec on Thursday and they will be deployed on the ground by Saturday.

The unusual scale and number of fires this season have raised questions in Canada on whether the country needs to bolster its firefighting ability to grapple what the government has said is the result of climate change.

Mr Cooper said his community is already reckoning with a warming climate around them.

"I think we're gonna probably see more and more of these fires down the road," he said.

"Hopefully many of us will be spared from ever having to experience our homes burning."

Gwynedd has the highest number second homes in Wales, and the council cabinet wants to "control" this

Second home owners in part of north Wales could have to seek planning permission.

Dafydd Meurig, the Gwynedd council cabinet member for environment, said second homes were "immoral" during a "huge housing crisis".

Councillors voted on Tuesday afternoon to proceed with a move to "control the numbers".

But there are claims of "anti-English" messaging and suggestions housebuilding should be the focus.

North Wales Tourism said Gwynedd council was a "rich authority" which should be building more houses.

Welsh government amendments to planning regulations have introduced three new classes of use: main home, second home and short-term holiday accommodation.

Councils also now have the power to control the use of houses as second homes or holiday lets.

Under the proposal, people wanting to use their property for one of those purposes would need permission.

It has been backed by cabinet members, so a public consultation will now be held, and a final decision made next year.

Mr Meurig said Gwynedd had about 8,000 second homes, while 3,600 people were on waiting lists for social housing and 150 residents were presenting as homeless every month.

"I think as long as people don't have a single home, then a second home is immoral in my view," he said.

"There are people who are homeless, who don't have somewhere to live in their own area, and somebody has a second home that they can use part of the year. I think that is certainly a problem."

Mr Meurig said people in Gwynedd were living in temporary hotel accommodation, paid for by the council, while others were "coming on holiday into houses".

The move comes just months after Gwynedd Council voted to increase taxes for second home owners, which means they now pay a 250% council tax rate.

Jim Jones, of North Wales Tourism, said "ineffective policies" were not the way forward.

"We urge the council to build new homes for local people, because after all, Gwynedd council is a rich authority with huge reserves," he said.

He said self-catering accommodation was the "bread and butter of Gwynedd's economy" and the new policy would encourage people to "sell up".

"They won't sell to local people, they'll sell to the highest bidder," he said.

"I think all these policies that are ongoing at the moment seem to be very anti-tourism."

Mr Meurig added: "Where's the money coming from to buy houses or to build houses? The council has a £77 million housing action plan to build houses and to make houses available, but that is just the tip of the iceberg compared to the problem that second homes bring."

Janet Finch Saunders, Welsh Conservative shadow minister for climate change said it was a "shocking decision" from the Plaid Cymru-run council, which "smacks of nationalism at its worst".

She said people from England had told her they felt such policies were "anti-English".

She added: "If you look back in history, people have come on holiday to Wales, fallen in love with it and then they've wanted to move here, and why shouldn't they? We are a free country.

"I think it's a barmy idea and to be honest I think it could be challengeable in law."

Paul Gill, from Cheshire, who bought a second home in Abersoch with his wife 40 years ago, said he did not believe the council's policies would result in "any great change in the housing market here".

Gwynedd council said planning permission would not be needed to turn a second home or short-term let into a primary residence.

But Mr Gill said the planning process could deter buyers, and delay potential house sales by months.

"Purchasers don't wait weeks. They go away, they find something else. It's half-baked and it won't work," he said.

Business owner Griff Owen, who runs chalets, a cafe, beach huts and a car park in Abersoch, said: "If it gets harder for second home owners, they're going to move somewhere else.

"If you drive tourism away there'll be nothing left here for people."

He said second home owners employed cleaners, builders, gardeners and other services, adding: "There's nothing much here besides the view, the beaches and the mountains and you can't live off views.

"Without money coming in, how do you pay the bills?"

However, Welsh language campaign group Cymdeithas yr Iaith welcomed the proposal.

A spokesperson said: "This is an extremely important first step and we really hope that more planning authorities will follow suit in due course, because time is short.

"The recent results of the census clearly show that our Welsh-speaking communities are under siege."

The report which was discussed on Tuesday defined short-term letting accommodation as use of a property for holiday accommodation, with fewer than 30 days per occupation. Meanwhile, second home ownership was defined as use of a property "other than as a sole or main residence, occupied for 183 days or less" per year.

Daisy Goodwin also spoke out about the alleged assault in 2017 but did not name anyone

Daisy Goodwin has complained formally to the Cabinet Office about Tory London mayoral hopeful Daniel Korski.

On Monday, novelist and TV producer Ms Goodwin said he had groped her during a meeting at 10 Downing Street in 2013.

Speaking to BBC Radio 4's Today programme, she said she had not reported the matter at the time because of the attitudes of the day.

Mr Korski "categorically denies" her allegations and says he is still in the race to become a mayoral candidate.

Ms Goodwin, 61, told Today's Martha Kearney: "I didn't think to report it then because I felt, 'Well, this is part of the rough and tumble of daily life', and I feel now when I speak out most people believe me."

She said she believed attitudes had "completely changed" in the decade since her encounter with Mr Korski.

Daniel Korski says he is still in the race to become the Conservative mayoral candidate for London

The writer and TV producer, who was behind the successful ITV drama Victoria, explained she had faced difficulty trying to make her formal complaint to the Cabinet Office on Tuesday, struggling to get 10 Downing Street's switchboard to put her through to anyone on the phone.

She said she had not complained to the Conservative Party but was happy to do so, adding she felt "entirely justified" in naming Mr Korski, 46, due to his mayoral ambitions.

When she was asked by Ms Kearney whether she was sure about the alleged assault, she replied: "I'm really surprised you're asking me that. "When something like this happens to you, you know it's happened to you because you were there, you felt it, you felt amazed, shocked, rather humiliated."

In her article in the Times, Ms Goodwin said that Mr Korski - then a special adviser at 10 Downing Street - had put his hand on her breast.

Ms Goodwin said that since the article's publication other women had contacted her with "interesting stories", but added she could not provide details for legal reasons.

In an interview with TalkTV on Tuesday, Mr Korski was asked about the possibility of further accusations, replying: "To the best of my knowledge, absolutely, I don't expect anybody to come out and say anything."

Downing Street described the claims against Mr Korski as "very serious".

Asked if the prime minister would encourage anyone with complaints against former staff members to come forward, a spokeswoman said: "Yes, of course."

She added: "The two parties are telling different stories; the proper processes should be followed and conclusions shouldn't be drawn until the processes are followed through."

Born in Denmark, he is the son of Polish emigres.

He was deputy head of the Number 10 policy unit between 2013 and 2016.

A campaigner to stay in the EU, he left Number 10 when David Cameron did after the Brexit referendum. He has previously worked for a think tank and as a journalist.

He is a technology entrepreneur, having set up his own business providing support for companies seeking contracts in the public sector.

The central message of his campaign to be the Conservatives' mayoral candidate is enabling people to achieve the "London dream".

His key offer is the pledge to provide new solutions to old problems, such as pay-per-mile road-pricing to tackle congestion and air pollution in the capital.

Mr Korksi's campaign team said he welcomed any investigation and would co-operate fully.

During his TalkTV interview, Mr Korski said "all I can say is that she is wrong". He agreed that a meeting had taken place but dismissed the groping allegation as "categorically" untrue.

Mr Korski said: "All I can say is that I've always tried to comport myself with the utmost respect when I've been positions of leadership; I've sought to create the kind of empowering, diverse environment where everyone can feel safe and can grow in their jobs."

Some Tory MP backers of Mr Korski have paused their support for his campaign.

One of them, children and families minister Claire Coutinho, said any complaint should be investigated "swiftly".

"At the same time, this is an allegation. He's roundly denied it," she told Sky News.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Police bodycam captured the Tasering and arrest of triple murderer Saju Chelavelel

A father who strangled his wife and two children has been jailed for at least 40 years.

Nurse Anju Asok, 35, Jeeva Saju, six, and Janvi Saju, four, were found fatally injured in the family home in Kettering on 15 December 2022.

A judge told Saju Chelavalel he had "squeezed the life out" of his wife while the children screamed for mummy.

Det Insp Simon Barnes said: "There is no amount of time behind bars that will ever be enough for what he did."

The judge, Mr Justice Pepperall, jailed him for life at Northampton Crown Court, and ordered that he must serve a minimum of 40 years.

The bodies of Anju Asok, her son Jeeva Saju and daughter Janvi Saju were discovered after police forced entry into their home in Kettering

Originally from Kerala in India, Chelavalel said he believed his wife was having an affair and claimed he lost control while drunk, killing her at around 22:00 GMT on 14 December at their ground-floor flat.

The court heard Chelavalel had more than four hours "to reflect on whether to kill his children" before using a dressing gown cord to strangle them in the early hours of the following morning.

Ms Asok died at the scene and the children died later in hospital.

Post-mortem examinations found all three victims died from asphyxiation, Northamptonshire Police said.

"While you were squeezing the life out of your wife, your young children were screaming for their mummy," said the judge.

"I cannot be sure if they were eyewitnesses, but it is clear that they heard what was going on and knew that she was being hurt by you."

Saju Chelavalel, 52, admitted to the triple murder of his wife and children

Prosecutor James Newton-Price KC said there was no evidence to support the claim Ms Asok had been unfaithful.

However, an examination of Chelavalel's phone showed that he had been searching dating websites for other women while she was at work.

The court was played an audio recording found on his phone of banging noises followed by the sound of a woman screaming or gasping and a child crying or calling out.

Mr Newton-Price said it was the prosecution's belief that it was a recording of Ms Asok being strangled.

He said the it also captured the sound of a blender being used to make a "toxic" mixture of chocolate and pills intended to send the children - pupils at Kettering Park Infant Academy - to sleep.

The court heard that police officers attended the flat after receiving a call from a neighbour who was concerned for the family's welfare.

Ms Asok had failed to turn up for work as an orthopaedic nurse at Kettering General Hospital and the children were not at school.

Body-worn camera footage showed that, after breaking into the flat, officers found Chelavalel holding a knife to his throat. He asked the police to shoot him and said that he wanted to die, before he was Tasered.

The body of Ms Asok was found on the floor of an adjoining bedroom. The couple's children were described in a police statement as "laying perfectly side-by-side on the double bed".

Offering mitigation, defence barrister George Carter-Stephenson KC said the circumstances of the case were tragic in the extreme for relatives of the victims.

He said: "They are also tragic for this particular defendant. Whatever sentence the court imposes on him today he has to live with the knowledge of what he did on that particular night."

In addition to his jail term, Chelavalel was prohibited from contacting any of his victims' family members.

Det Insp Simon Barnes from Northamptonshire Police said: "Anju was a mother like many all over the world. She wanted to provide the best possible life she could for her children - Jeeva and Janvi.

"He [Chelavalel] has never fully accounted for what he did, or why, and will now spend the rest of his life with not much else to think about, but that.

"There is no amount of time behind bars that will ever be enough for what he did. His primary role as a husband and a father, was to protect his family from harm. They should have been at their safest, at home, with him, but he destroyed that.

"They leave behind them a devastated family in India, who are struggling to come to terms with what has happened."

Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp us on 0800 169 1830

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

WhatsApp, Facebook and Instagram all went down briefly on Wednesday during a major outage at parent company Meta.

Thousands of app users reported issues accessing the three sites late in the day, with people taking to other social media to air grievances.

Meta's status site later indicated that most issues had been resolved. The company has so far not responded to a request for comment.

The UK site Downdetector, which monitors the performance of websites, indicated around 82,000 issues with WhatsApp at 18:25 but an hour later the issue appeared to have been largely resolved.

Users on Instagram reported around 3,700 outages at 18:20, with numbers persisting for a couple of hours.

Similarly, Facebook users advised of issues at the same time with 1,840 outages reported at 18:23.

The technical problem was not confined to the UK - Reuters news agency reported that about 5,000 people faced issues with Instagram in the United States. At its peak, around 24,000 WhatsApp users also experienced problems.

WhatsApp said in a post on the social media platform X, formerly Twitter: "We know some people are experiencing issues right now, we're working on getting things back to 100% for everyone as quickly as possible."

Nearly 3,500 users in India and more than 7,000 in Brazil also reported problems with the platform, according to Downdetector.

In March, hundreds of thousands of users of the social media company's Facebook and Instagram were impacted globally for more than two hours following an outage that was caused by a technical issue.

Meta has about 3.19 billion daily active users across its family of apps, which also includes Threads.

The government has announced plans to sanction Iranian officials behind what it called hostile activities in the UK.

The foreign secretary said since January 2022 there had been 15 credible threats by Iran's regime to kill or kidnap Britons or UK-based people.

Under existing legislation, the UK can sanction Iranians for human rights violations or nuclear proliferation activities within the Islamic republic.

The UK will not "tolerate this malign behaviour", James Cleverly said.

The new plans would allow the government to target Iranians responsible for "hostile activities towards the UK and our partners… including threats to our people, property or security". Iranians sending missiles and drones to Russia could also be sanctioned.

The Foreign Office said Iran had increased its efforts "to kill or kidnap individuals perceived to be enemies of the regime outside of Iran, including in the UK".

Under the new regime, Iranians could also be sanctioned for undermining "peace, stability and security in the Middle East and internationally", for using or spreading "weapons or weapons technologies from Iran", and undermining democracy, rule of law and good governance.

The Foreign Office said legislation establishing the new sanctions regime would be put before parliament later this year.

Foreign Secretary James Cleverly said the move showed that "the UK has sent a clear message to the regime - we will not tolerate this malign behaviour and we will hold you to account".

"Our new sanctions regime will help to ensure there can be no hiding place for those who seek to do us harm," he added.

Labour has asked Mr Cleverly for an update on the proscription of Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC).

Shadow foreign secretary David Lammy told the Commons: "The government will be aware of the long-standing strength of feeling from many sides of the House and from members of the Iranian diaspora on the question of proscription of the IRGC...

"I understand, of course, that there are diplomatic dimensions to this question, but I'm sure this House would welcome an update from him on the issue."

Amber Gibson - also known as Amber Niven - was 16 when she died in November 2021

A 16-year-old girl found dead in a park died from compression to her neck, a murder trial has heard.

Consultant forensic pathologist Gemma Kemp told the High Court in Glasgow that Amber Gibson's injuries were consistent with manual strangulation.

She initially saw the teenager's body at the scene, covered by bushes and branches and "caked in mud".

Connor Gibson, 20, denies sexually assaulting and murdering his sister in Hamilton in November 2021.

Her body was discovered in Cadzow Glen in the Lanarkshire town days after she was last seen.

Dr Kemp examined Amber's body and co-wrote a report which was reviewed in court on the sixth day of the murder trial.

She said Amber suffered bruising to the whites in both of her eyes, and she sustained signs of burst blood vessels to her ear, mouth and face.

The court also heard there were eight further bruises and grazes to Amber's neck.

Dr Kemp said: "In combination (with the other injuries) these bruises and abrasions can feature in fingernail compression, nails and pressure of the fingernails around the neck."

She added "This is consistent with manual gripping and strangulation."

Amber also suffered internal injuries which included a bruise on her throat and a muscle in her neck.

Dr Kemp told the court that Amber also suffered significant blunt force trauma to her head, including a fractured nose.

She said this was likely caused by multiple blows, and they were likely to have been enough to knock her unconscious.

There were 15 separate head and neck injuries and 14 injuries to her body, Dr Kemp added.

This included bruises to both breasts, 10 injuries to her left arm, an injury to the right arm, armpit and fingers.

Amber's right leg had bruises on it and there were grazes on her back.

Prosecutor Richard Goddard asked if all the injuries were consistent "with clothing being ripped from the body, bra ripped off and thrown away".

"She was pulled over a rough surface on the ground - could that accord with the injuries to her back?"

Dr Kemp said: "Yes, that could be caused in that manner."

Under cross examination by Anthony Graham KC, representing Mr Gibson, Dr Kemp said she could not say whether the person who delivered the blows to Amber's face was also the person who strangled her.

Amber Gibson's body was found in Cadzow Glen in Hamilton, days after she was last seen

Forensic scientist Lisa Gray, 41, earlier told the court that she examined damaged clothing found at the scene.

This included a bra that belonged to the teenager, which Ms Gray suggested had been "ripped apart".

A grey top was also damaged around the neck and a pair of jogging bottoms were covered in mud with signs that the wearer was "dragged".

Another man, Stephen Corrigan, 44, is also on trial in relation to the circumstances surrounding the discovery of Amber's remains.

It is claimed Mr Corrigan found her body, but rather than alert police he inappropriately touched her and then hid her remains under bushes.

He is accused of a breach of the peace and trying to defeat the ends of justice. Mr Corrigan has lodged a special defence claiming he was elsewhere at the time.

Both men deny the charges against them and the trial before Judge Lord Mulholland continues.

The singer began performing rock and roll in the early 1960s but became well-known in the country and western music scene

Singer and songwriter Raymond Froggatt has died aged 81, his bandmate has confirmed.

Known to his fans as "Froggy", the Shropshire-based musician had success in the 1960s providing top-ten hits for The Dave Clark Five and Cliff Richard.

The performer "never lost his love for music" and continued to tour with his band in later life while writing and performing his own songs.

He died at Shrewsbury Hospital on Sunday.

In 1968, The Dave Clark Five got a top ten hit with Froggatt's The Red Balloon, with the original version of the song making it to the top three in the Netherlands.

Raymond Froggatt formed his band in the early 1960s

Hartley Cain, who was Froggatt's guitarist in the 1960s, fondly remembered him as a "close and dear friend" who was "really generous".

The songwriter grew up in Birmingham and spent much of his later life in Telford after falling in love with Shropshire while visiting friends, Cain said.

He became well-known in the country music scene and recorded about 40 albums.

The singer grew up in Birmingham and later lived in Shropshire

In 1965, he formed The Raymond Froggatt Band made up of Lou Clark and Len Ablethorpe in addition to Cain. The group toured England and France before being signed by Polydor Records in 1967.

Performers Leapy Lee, Daniel O'Donnell, Dominic Kirwan and Gladys Knight are among those who have covered his material.

His love of music remained strong and he continued to tour in later life, a colleague and friend said

Follow BBC West Midlands on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: newsonline.westmidlands@bbc.co.uk

A man has been charged with stalking an MP and impersonating a police officer.

Simon Parry, 44, was arrested on Thursday following an incident with the unnamed MP in Westminster, on Wednesday.

Met Police said officers had "acted swiftly to identify, arrest and charge" the man, adding "we take the safety and security of MPs extremely seriously".

Mr Parry will appear before Westminster Magistrates' Court on Saturday.

"Our officers have acted swiftly to identify, arrest and charge a man in relation to this incident after it was reported to us," said Ch Supt Elisabeth Chapple, who leads the Met Police's Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Command,

"I'd like to thank the teams involved for their fast action and hard work on this case."

She added: "More broadly, we continue to work with MPs and their offices, the Parliamentary Security Department and with local police forces through the Operation Bridger network to provide MPs and their staff safety and security advice."

A generation of landlords with buy-to-let mortgages are retiring and selling up, leaving fewer properties to rent, an estate agency has said.

Hamptons Estate Agents estimates around 140,000 people who bought property in the 1990s to rent out sold them last year to fund their retirements.

The agency warned numbers were likely to continue rising and new landlords were not filling the gap left behind.

Younger people do not have the money to invest in rental properties, it said.

Hamptons said its research was based on its network of agents and data from the Office for National Statistics. It added it was reflective of the entire rental market which currently has a pool of 2.75 million landlords.

Age was the dominant reason for the exodus, but lower-than-average returns on investments, the general economy, tax and regulatory changes were also to blame, it said.

Researcher Aneisha Beveridge said this "combination of everything" meant older landlords had simply had enough.

While rents for new tenants were relatively high, "quite a high proportion" of older landlords had long-term sitting tenants that achieved relatively low returns, Ms Beveridge said.

"But some are not selling up all of their properties, they're just selling one or two so they can afford a cruise or time on the golf course or to be able to help their families," she added.

The research found about 96,000 landlords will turn 65 each coming year across Great Britain.

It said this was in addition to the 924,000 who were already over the age of 65, and that between 2010 and 2022 the number of landlords retiring annually had doubled.

The agency found London was most affected as many of the first buy-to-let mortgages were used for new, low-rise city centre flats - the highest proportion of properties being sold by long-term landlords.

Hamptons also noted the departing landlords left a gap in the sector that was not being filled by a new generation of investors.

"The numbers don't stack up," Ms Beveridge said. "Look at how the demographics have changed for younger people struggling to afford to own their own home, let alone a buy-to-let."

The agency said while house price growth continued to slow, rents were still rising sharply.

While there was a little more choice of rental properties this year compared with 2022, overall the number of rental homes on the market seemed to have found a "new normal" at nearly two-thirds below pre-pandemic levels.

Campaign group Generation Rent, which works to raise awareness of the issues facing tenants, said "we shouldn't be surprised" by the trend of ageing landlords selling up.

Spokesman Dan Wilson Craw said: "For nearly the past three decades the government has relied on amateurs saving for retirement to provide a large proportion of the nation's homes.

"The real problem is the chronic failure to build enough homes in places where people want to live."

Listeria has been linked to batches of the soft cheese Baronet

One person has died in a listeria outbreak and people have been warned to avoid Baronet semi-soft cheeses which were recalled as they were contaminated with a related strain of the bacteria.

The Food Standards Agency (FSA) warned people not to eat the cheeses as they contained high levels of the bacteria.

The FSA has not confirmed The Old Cheese Room, in Wiltshire, which makes the cheeses, was the source.

The firm said it was working "closely" with the FSA.

There have been three cases of listeria linked to the outbreak, resulting in the death of one person, the FSA confirmed.

Several batches of Baronet, Baby Baronet and Mini Baronet soft cheeses made by the Old Cheese Room have been recalled.

The agency is continuing to investigate whether the person who died had eaten Baronet cheese.

Cases were identified in the south of England and London, but the product is distributed nationally.

Listeria bacteria can cause mild symptoms like stomach ache but can cause more serious complications

Tina Potter, the FSA's head of incidents, said: "A closely genetically related strain of listeria monocytogenes found in samples of Baronet cheese, was found in all three cases in this outbreak.

"However, that does not necessarily mean that all those involved in the outbreak contracted listeriosis as a result of eating Baronet cheese.

"Although a source of listeria has been found in cheese products, work to ascertain the cause of the outbreak is continuing."

The agency said the outbreak strain has also been found in some food products and samples taken from other places where the cheese has been sold, supplied and served from.

The bacteria can cause listeriosis, a rare infection that usually goes away on its own, but can have serious complications including causing meningitis.

Symptoms can be similar to flu and include a high temperature, muscle ache or pain, chills, feeling or being sick and diarrhoea.

The Old Cheese Room said that none of its other cheeses have been affected by the outbreak.

"As a responsible cheesemaker we carry out regular cleaning, disinfecting and swab testing of our making and ripening rooms," they said in a statement.

"Since the test that showed a trace of listeria monocytogenes in a single batch of Baronet, we have changed our monthly testing regime to positive release - this means that we test every batch of cheese before it leaves us.

"None of our other cheeses have been affected by this."

Ms Potter said vulnerable people should be particularly concerned with following the product recall advice, including pregnant women and the elderly.

Guidance issued by the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) said Baronet cheese is sold in both small individual rounds and as 1kg wheels.

"The cheeses are sometimes served sliced from a deli counter, so it may not always be clear whether you have purchased an affected product.

"If in doubt, consumers are advised to contact the retailer they bought their cheese from to find out if the Baronet cheese they have purchased is from the batches affected and in the meantime to not eat the product," the guidance states.

Richard Elson, UKHSA head of incidents and response, said: "Listeriosis is a rare infection and most people will only experience mild symptoms such as abdominal pain or diarrhoea, which usually pass within a few days without the need for treatment.

"But people with weakened immune systems, who are pregnant, or are infants or elderly are at greater risk of developing severe symptoms."

Follow BBC West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: bristol@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Phil Martin's dream came true as he played for thousands with his former student

Sam Fender's former guitar teacher said performing with his old student in front of thousands of fans was "a dream come true".

North Shields musician Phil Martin made an appearance on stage during one of Fender's sold-out concerts at St James' Park.

The self-confessed "old rocker" rehearsed two AC/DC tracks for weeks in order to "nail" the performance.

He said he "always had faith" in his former student.

"Eventually, I opened a studio with a friend where Sam came to rehearse and record and hang out, but prior to that I'd taught him since he was about 12."

Sam Fender performed two sold out shows at the home of Newcastle United

"I don't think there's words I can find at the moment. It was awesome. It's what dreams are made of. It's a fantasy.

"I've known Sam for so long and it came up three or four years ago before he could have sold it out, he'd say, 'What I'd love to see, is you, me and 'Johno' from AC/DC back-to-back'. I'd say to him, 'yeah, that would be something, now ha'way'.

"And the other day, it came to pass."

Phil was brought on stage with AC/DC frontman and fellow Geordie Brian Johnson to perform Back In Black and You Shook Me All Night Long.

Sorry, we're having trouble displaying this content. View original content on Facebook The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Facebook content may contain adverts.

"I rehearsed the parts so I didn't have to think. You've got to nail it. I've played those tunes dozens of times a day for the past few weeks. I enjoyed myself in a way I never have.

"We've never lost contact. We've always been friends despite the age difference - we speak the same language. Music is a language.

"I always had faith in him. His creative energy was massive. He wasn't the easiest to teach, you had to go his way. Whatever he learned, he always added something or an idea would come out of it. He's still like that.

"To be there with him... I wanted to give him the show he deserved. I didn't want to let him down.

"He's united so many parts of the community that wouldn't normally mix - the football crowd, the music crowd, old rockers, young kids... He's had that appeal because his songs tell the truth."

Phil has known Sam Fender since the singer-songwriter was 12

Phil's own band, Sticky Fingers, have been going since 1994.

He said he was excited to see if people would come out to see him perform again.

"I've already been getting loads of messages from people saying they want to come and see me play - I hope even half of them turn up."

Follow BBC North East & Cumbria on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Send your story ideas to northeastandcumbria@bbc.co.uk

Cars and lorries queue to check in for ferry departures at the Port of Dover

Millions of people have headed off on Easter trips, as transport companies warn them to expect delays.

Holidaymakers at the Port of Dover - which saw delays of more than 14 hours last weekend - only queued for 60 to 90 minutes.

The country's roads were expected to hit their peak on Saturday, with around 15 million drivers.

The weather is forecast to remain dry until Monday and is not likely to cause travel problems.

The Port of Dover said on Friday freight traffic was queuing and being managed by its Traffic Assessment Project - known as Dover TAP - after "free flowing" overnight.

The temporary traffic management system imposes a 40mph (64km) speed restriction for all vehicles approaching Dover from the west via the A20.

By 12:00 BST, around 500 lorries were being queued on the outskirts of the town to try to stop the port becoming gridlocked.

The Kent Resilience Forum - tasked with keeping the roads running in the county - said Dover was "very, very busy" but added the situation was under control.

Drivers face waits of up to 90 minutes in Dover

The port had said earlier that extra measures were in place to cope with the increased demand, including opening up new areas where coaches could be checked more quickly by the authorities.

Doug Bannister, chief executive of the Port of Dover, told the BBC the port had worked with ferry operators to try to spread the demand across three days instead of one. He expected Good Friday traffic to slow down in the evening.

Candice Mason, founder of Masons Coaches, told the BBC she hoped extra measures at Dover would be put in place for the rest of the peak season, not just the bank holiday weekend.

"We need to see this all through the summer season," she said, adding that last week's delays were caused by changes in the infrastructure at the port.

"We need to have our passports checked more rigorously, and there are different checks that are taking place - and really simply, last weekend in my opinion, it just wasn't staffed sufficiently," she said.

Port officials said they held an "urgent review" with ferry operators and French authorities after last week's travel problems triggered a row over the impact of Brexit on the route.

Slow processing of documentation since the UK left the EU, staffing levels on the French side of the Channel, and more coaches than expected were variously blamed for long queues at the port.

French border police blamed the Port of Dover management for the congestion last weekend, claiming they had warned the UK side that too much traffic was being allowed through.

They insisted they had manned every booth on their side "100% of the time".

A spokesperson for the French Police Nationale told the BBC it was "mathematically impossible to absorb" the amount of vehicles they were told needed processing.

The queues had been building inside the Port - but the mood among passengers on Friday morning was one of relief that they were not seeing the chaos the terminal experienced last week.

But there was still some trepidation as they inched towards border controls. Many arrived with plenty of food, drink and entertainment in case they do get stuck.

The police were out in force on the roads leading to the port, regulating the flow of traffic inside, which seemed to prevent the gridlock the town suffered last Saturday.

The authorities are convinced they are better prepared than last weekend.

The UK is expected to see settled weather for most of the Easter weekend

The weather is not expected to lead to travel woes over the weekend, with conditions forecast to remain largely dry until Monday.

Gemma Plumb, BBC Weather Forecaster, said Friday would be "dry and fine for most of the UK with sunshine", although there would be cloud in some eastern parts of the country.

Most of the sunshine over the weekend is expected in western parts, before rain hits some parts of the country on Monday.

The AA, the British motoring association, said it expected Saturday to be the busiest day on the country's roads, with about 15 million drivers planning to use their cars. The RAC said it expected Friday and Sunday to be the busiest days, but there was "always the chance of a boost in traffic if the weather forecast turns out better than expected".

Congestion is expected on the M25, the M4 Wales heading into Newport, the M6/M5 interchange in Birmingham as well as the M4/M5 in Bristol.

Tony Rich, from the AA, urged drivers to conduct checks on their cars before they travel, saying many of the callouts it gets were "easily preventable".

"We've put more patrols on duty, but drivers can help themselves and everyone else by doing the simple checks as breakdowns cause traffic jams," he said.

Passengers headed to St Pancras to head out of the capital after London Euston closed for engineering work

The disruption has also extended to the country's railways, with some engineering work planned over the weekend, including at London's Euston Station - one of London's main rail hubs - which will be closed from Friday until Monday due to planned upgrades.

At St Pancras station in London, Sophie Earish, a student from Wembley Park, said the queues to get on trains were chaotic and writer Ruaridh Pritchard described the situation as "mayhem".

He said staff were doing their best "under the circumstances" but added that with "lots of people arguing and pushing - it was like the last train out of Saigon".

Are you at Dover? How are you coping with the delays? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.
• None Post-Brexit checks factor in Dover delay, says No 10

David Yates was wanted in connection with the death of his partner Marelle Sturrock

Police investigating the murder of a pregnant teacher in Glasgow have found the body of a man in a reservoir.

It has still to be formally identified, but officers believe it is David Yates, 36, the partner of Marelle Sturrock.

Ms Sturrock, 35, was found dead at her home on Tuesday. Police were hunting for Mr Yates over the murder at Mugdock Country Park near Glasgow.

Police Scotland said the investigation remains ongoing, but they do not believe anyone else was involved.

A car belonging to Mr Yates had been found at the country park, prompting an extensive police search in the area.

Large areas of Mugdock reservoir were cordoned off with police tape.

Ms Sturrock, who was 29 weeks pregnant, taught at Sandwood Primary School in the city.

Ms Sturrock had been due to give birth in the summer

Officers attended her home in Jura Street at about 08:40 on Tuesday, where she was pronounced dead at the scene.

Police Scotland have not confirmed how Ms Sturrock died.

Originally from Wick in the Highlands, she moved to Glasgow to study musical theatre and later followed a teaching career.

It said pupils, staff and families had been offered support from educational psychologists.

Headteacher Fiona Donnelly said: "We will do all that we can to support children, staff and families through what will be a difficult and challenging time."

Mugdock reservoir was cordoned off by police

Ms Sturrock was found dead at her home in Jura Street

Police Scotland said the last confirmed sighting of Mr Yates was shortly after 20:00 on Sunday.

His white Seat Ateca was found in a car park at Mugdock Country Park near Milngavie.

Det Supt Nicola Kilbane said: "Our thoughts are with Marelle's family and friends, along with everyone affected by this tragedy.

"We are providing her family with specialist support at this incredibly difficult time."

Reports will be submitted to the Procurator Fiscal in due course.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Sir Richard Branson has said he feared he was going to lose his entire business empire during the pandemic.

The British businessman said he found a media backlash "painful" after the Virgin Group asked the UK government for a loan to save the company.

Given his personal wealth and home on a Caribbean island, he was criticised for asking for a bailout when airline Virgin Atlantic hit trouble.

Sir Richard told the BBC he personally lost around £1.5bn during the pandemic.

The struggles to save his businesses left him "a little depressed" for a couple of months, he said. "I'd never experienced that before in my life."

He explained: "We had 50, 60 planes all on the ground, and the health clubs all closed, the hotels all closed. And the worst [case] would have been 60,000 people out on the streets."

The support the company requested was, he said, "not gifts from government, but underwriting loans so the cost to the airline... was not prohibitive."

The government refused his request for a reported £500m bailout, however. A private rescue deal eventually saw the Virgin Group inject £200m, with an additional £1bn provided by investors and creditors.

"There was a time when I thought we were going to lose everything," Sir Richard said. "We sold shares in companies that were public and that was one way we managed to find money."

Sir Richard, pictured with burlesque artist Dita Von Teese in 2010, said people would feel "uncomfortable" with such photoshoots today

In a wide-ranging interview with the BBC's Amol Rajan, Sir Richard also discussed his marketing campaigns and publicity stunts of the past - often involving glamorous women, who he sometimes threw over his shoulder.

Asked if those stunts now made him wince, he replied: "It would make me wince if I felt the women were uncomfortable at all.

"I don't think that I ever made anybody feel uncomfortable. In those days, it made them smile... But today obviously, I think people would feel uncomfortable with something like that.

"So it's changed and I fully accept that. And I've changed alongside everybody else."

Sir Richard Branson travelled to space in 2021 in his Virgin Galactic commercial space plane

In 2021, Sir Richard achieved a lifelong ambition and reached the edge of space in his Virgin Galactic commercial space plane. "It was one of those most extraordinary days, every aspect of it", he said.

He defended space exploration as a worthwhile investment, when asked whether launching rockets should be a priority for the ultra-rich, or is compatible with tackling climate change - a cause to which he has devoted extensive effort and money.

"Communication between people is being transformed because of space travel and satellites up there," he said. "Monitoring things like the depredation of rainforests and illegal fishing... [there are] all these kinds of benefits that come from space travel."

However, his satellite launch rocket company Virgin Orbit filed for bankruptcy in the US last month after failing to secure new investment.

In recent years, Sir Richard has also campaigned to promote awareness of dyslexia, a term rarely used and even less understood when he dropped out of school at 15. He revealed that, shortly after being sent to boarding school aged seven, he was beaten so badly - "for being stupid" - that he bled.

"It was... pretty horrendous in those days. And yes, as a dyslexic, I thought I must be stupid because they had never heard of [it]. The word dyslexic didn't exist."

As well as dyslexia, Sir Richard thinks he probably has attention deficit disorder, and acknowledged he does get bored easily.

At the age of 72, the businessman still heads the Virgin Group - but admitted he does have thoughts about succession planning.

"We have serious discussions as a family about how the company can transform hopefully thousands people's lives in the years to come and hopefully in the centuries to come," he said.

The entrepreneur with a rock star persona, Sir Richard Branson, tells Amol Rajan how he went from 60s hippy to global business icon, reshaping industries and ending up in space.

Watch now on BBC iPlayer (UK Only) or on BBC2 at 7pm

June Steenkamp, arriving at the prison, said she did not believe Oscar Pistorius had been rehabilitated

The mother of Reeva Steenkamp, the woman who was murdered by Oscar Pistorius, says she does not feel the former Paralympics star is remorseful.

June Steenkamp spoke as she arrived for a parole board hearing that is considering whether he be freed early.

He has so far served half of his 13-year sentence for murdering his girlfriend a decade ago.

If he is granted parole, Pistorius, now aged 36, could be released from jail within a matter of days.

The six-time Paralympic gold medallist has expressed his deep remorse for killing his girlfriend on Valentine's Day in 2013, but continues to maintain he shot her by mistake, believing she was a robber.

"I don't believe his story. I don't believe Oscar is remorseful… or rehabilitated," Mrs Steenkamp said on Friday morning.

She had said that it would be hard to see her daughter's killer again, but in the end he was not in the room when she appeared before the board. Pistorius will appear separately.

The hearing is taking place at Atteridgeville prison, a low-security facility in rolling fields just outside the city of Pretoria.

The former amputee sprinter recently met Barry Steenkamp, Reeva's father, as part of a mandatory process known as "victim-offender dialogue".

But the Steenkamps' lawyer, Tania Koen, said the couple still felt Pistorius had intended to kill their daughter - and her death was a life sentence for them.

"For them, it's 10 missed birthdays, it's 10 Mother's Days, Father's Days, Christmases - so time hasn't healed for them," she told reporters at the prison.

"They don't feel that he should be released," she said, adding that they expected a decision to be taken later on Friday.

Oscar Pistorius shot his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at their home in Pretoria on Valentine's Day 10 years ago

Pistorius was initially found guilty of culpable homicide, but on appeal by the prosecutor he was convicted of murder, on the grounds that he must have known his actions - shooting three times through a locked bathroom door in his Pretoria home - would lead to the death of whoever was on the other side.

"I think he's probably got an arguable case [for parole]," said Mannie Witz, a defence attorney, who also noted that the Steenkamps could challenge a decision to grant Pistorius parole in court, potentially delaying his release for many months.

The televised trial of the man once dubbed "the Blade Runner", because of the ground-breaking prosthetic legs he wore in both Paralympic and Olympic track races, attracted huge global attention.

South Africa's prosecution team sought to prove Pistorius was an angry, violent man, with an unhealthy obsession with guns, who killed his 30-year-old girlfriend in a late-night rage.

"I still think he just went berserk and shot her. I don't personally believe the story of him thinking there was an intruder," said Mark West, a photographer who worked with Ms Steenkamp during her early modelling career.

The parole board - a minimum of three people - will consider statements from Pistorius, the Steenkamps, and from a range of social workers and prison officials. They will look at his behaviour, his state of mind and the extent to which he has been rehabilitated.

If Pistorius fails to get parole at his first attempt or his release is challenged by the Steenkamps, he could still go to court to argue that having served more than half the sentence, South African law stipulates that he should be released under supervision.

This would be most likely at his uncle's home in Pretoria, pending the result of any review or appeal.

At 19, Loonkiito had a longer life than most wild lions

A wild male lion believed to be one of the world's oldest has died after being speared by herders, authorities in Kenya have said.

Loonkiito, who was 19, died in Olkelunyiet village on Wednesday night after preying on livestock.

Conservation group Lion Guardians said he was "the oldest male lion in our ecosystem and possibly in Africa". Most lions live to around 13 in the wild.

Almost all lions live in Africa with a small population in India, according to the World Wide Fund for Nature.

Kenya Wildlife Service (KWS) spokesperson Paul Jinaro told the BBC the lion was old and frail and wandered into the village from the park in search of food.

Mr Jinaro could not confirm if he was the oldest lion in the country but noted he was "very old".

The Maasai-operated Lion Guardians group works to conserve the lion population in Amboseli National Park, and said the end of a drought was "habitually marked by an uptick in human-lion conflict" as "wild prey recover and become more difficult to hunt".

"In desperation, lions often turn to take livestock," it said.

It added the killing of Loonkiito was a "tough situation for both sides, the people and the lion", and eulogised him as "a symbol of resilience and coexistence".

Paula Kahumbu, a wildlife conservationist and chief executive officer of WildlifeDirect, said she was pained by the killing of the lion and called for measures to protect wildlife in the country.

"This is the breaking point for human-wildlife conflict and we need to do more as a country to preserve lions, which are facing extinction," Ms Kahumbu told the BBC.

The average lifespan of a lion is about 13 years in the wild, although they can live much longer in captivity.

Miranda Dickson was frustrated after an anonymous complaint about her off-white shade of pink

An Edinburgh woman who has faced a lengthy battle over the colour of her front door has won permission to keep its latest shade of pink.

Miranda Dickson, 49, was ordered by city planners to change the colour last year after painting it bright pink.

She repainted it green - but after further complaints, it was changed again to an "off-white" shade of pink.

That colour also sparked a complaint, but has now received the approval from officials.

In a letter granting permission, City of Edinburgh Council said: "The proposals have special regard to the desirability of preserving the building and its setting and will not adversely impact on its special architectural and historic interest.

"The proposals will preserve the character and appearance of the conservation area."

Ms Dickson first received an enforcement notice in September last year, which said the bright pink door on her Georgian townhouse did not meet the standards of a listed property in a World Heritage Site.

It stated she must repaint it to its original white colour or formally apply for planning permission.

She submitted a retrospective application after facing a £20,000 fine if she did not change the colour.

Ms Dickson was ordered to repaint the bright shade of pink last year.

Ms Dickson repainted the door green, but this was also rejected by planners

Ms Dickson said at the time that she was confused about being ordered to change the colour scheme, as there were many other brightly coloured doors in Edinburgh's New Town.

In April, she painted the door green and applied for planning permission for this colour.

This was also rejected, so she painted it an off-white pink and applied again for planning permission - but another anonymous complaint was then made.

However, this shade has now been officially approved by Edinburgh city council planners.

Ms Dickson's case made international headlines after it was covered by the BBC in October last year.

She said she was shocked by the enormous reaction to her pink door.

"I don't understand why it has caused them to be so angry, I can't understand that emotion about the colour of a door," she said.

"These homes were built as entertainment spaces. They are incredible spaces and I have leaned into the bones of the rooms to maximise their beauty.

"I have restored all the windows and kept the cornices and mouldings as well as the shutters. I have been much more sympathetic than more modern refits.

Ms Dickson spent 18 months renovating her childhood home in Edinburgh's Drummond Place after her parents died.

The mother-of-two, who is a brand director in the drinks industry, moved back to Edinburgh two years ago after working in the US for nine years.

She said she had looked up the council's guidelines online before she first painted the door.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Remote Philippine islands are on the frontlines of US-China tensions

The largest ever military exercises between the United States and the Philippines are drawing to a close. They began just days after China's military rehearsed a blockade of Taiwan - a display the US called disproportionate. With tensions high in the region, a handful of people on a few small islands find themselves caught between two superpowers.

The steep limestone cliffs and rolling hills that make up this tiny island on the northern edge of the Philippines rise out of the Luzon Strait.

Even on a good day, strong waves on the azure seas toss around tiny fishing boats hoping to hook some of the islanders' favourite flying fish.

Nearly 3,000 native Ivatans, fishermen and farmers, have survived here in the face of earthquakes, typhoons and drought. But now they face a new and different threat.

Their island home risks being caught in a conflict between the United States and China as the two militaries skirt ever closer to each other to gain the upper hand in the South China Sea.

At the heart of the issue is Taiwan. China's claims over the self-governing island are growing louder even as the US' commitment to defend it appears to be deepening.

And these islands - Itbayat and Basco - that make up the far-flung Philippine archipelago of Batanes are in the line of crossfire.

They appear as mere dots in the ocean that surrounds them. But their proximity to Taiwan - it's just 156km (96 miles) from Itbayat - has made them both strategic allies and vulnerable foes.

Analysts often talk of rising tensions between the two superpowers, but what is it like to live in the biggest flashpoint between Beijing and Washington?

Itbayat can often be cut off for weeks. It certainly looks impenetrable. Small ports are carved out of the cliffs and getting to a boat involves clambering down steep steps cut into the rock face.

The colour of the water hugging the land is a deep turquoise - and so clear you can watch small fish play amongst the coral. Itbayat feels untouched by man, other than the indigenous community who've made it their home.

Few here have televisions. A network of relayed messages from house to house, or through the church congregation is often more reliable than the patchy phone signal.

But they don't need TV news or social media to tell them about the turbulent relationship between the US and China which threatens their shores.

It's closer than it has ever been.

Crouched down, eyes fixed through the viewfinders of their weapons and head to toe in camouflage are the members of the US Army's 25th Infantry Division training on the island of Basco.

They were practising to defend the island from potential aggressors. The exercise was part of the largest combat drills ever held between the US and the Philippines.

Out at sea, the mission was controlled from the USS Miguel Keith, a naval ship, while V-22 Osprey aircraft hovered over the island, much to the amazement of locals who grabbed their mobile phones to film. The simulation even involved rocket launchers being shipped to the beaches using amphibious landing craft.

"The goal of our campaign in this region is to deter conflict from ever occurring," says Major General Joseph Ryan, the commanding general of the 25th Infantry Division.

"We don't want a war with the PRC [People's Republic of China]. We do not want that, we do not desire that and we are not provoking that. A war with the PRC is good for nobody."

But, he admits, the two forces are sending a message.

The US and Philippines are holding the largest ever joint military drills

"The message sent is we're ready, we're capable, we're prepared. We've got a great partnership here. And we mean business."

The two sides are certainly arming themselves; as is the whole of Asia.

China is still the region's biggest spender on new military hardware, with this year's defence budget the highest it's ever been, around $224bn.

The US, in turn, has been keen to show off its capabilities, holding ever more military drills with allies throughout the region, including Japan, South Korea and Australia.

For Washington this is not just about a display of shiny new arms. It is also about shoring up alliances - the White House has been dispatching envoys more often than usual to Asia, hoping to stitch together a sturdy coalition to counter China. And that includes the Philippines, whose location is an asset.

"The situation is heating up," admitted Filipino President Ferdinand Marcos in a recent interview with a local radio station ahead of his visit to Washington this week.

He has decided to take a more assertive approach to China than his predecessor and that includes ordering more patrols by the Navy and the Coastguard.

But what would be largely uneventful patrols elsewhere have the potential to turn into a conflict in the South China Sea, where even fishing could ignite a geopolitical crisis.

Beijing claims sovereignty over almost the entire South China Sea - a strategic waterway through which trillions of dollars in trade passes annually - despite an international court ruling that the assertion has no legal basis.

"The Chinese fishermen used to harass us," says 59-year-old Cyrus Malupa, as he casts a single wire line with a metal hook into the sea.

"But when we reported that to the government, it placed a military base on Mavulis Island to the north. Now we have Philippine Marines there on duty," he adds.

In March, the Navy started a month-long mission on the uninhabited island, described it as the country's "first line of defence" and raised the Filipino flag on its highest peak. A small but bold act of sovereignty.

For Cyrus and others who live in tiny boats for days in the hope of catching enough tuna to sell at the local market, the geopolitical dispute is personal. It's about feeding their families.

Hundreds of Filipino fishermen have reported incidents of being driven away from their traditional fishing grounds in the South China Sea for more than a decade - particularly in the contested seas near the Spratly Islands.

"We don't have that much catch because the poachers have more advanced technology," Cyrus says as the tiny boat bounces over the white horses now forming on the water.

"Us locals use the old way of fishing like lines and smaller nets. But the poachers have more advanced technology so they can catch as much as they can."

Manila has filed nearly 200 diplomatic protests against Beijing's actions in the South China Sea - where Vietnam, Malaysia, Taiwan and Brunei also have overlapping territorial claims.

It's natural to be worried because any conflict will affect our lives," said 51-year-old Victor Gonzales.

"First, we are afraid for our lives and then there is the possible exodus of people coming here from Taiwan as we have limited resources."

Like most on Itbayat, Victor farms when the sea is rough and goes out to fish when it is fair. Crops are raised by hand, with no help from machinery or fertilisers. Instead, farmers rotate sweet potato, rice, corn, garlic and onions. A single farm can feed around 25 families.

"We need to protect our resources because it's how we live, and we don't have any alternative. We want to have something to pass onto the next generation," Victor says.

The concern runs deep enough that leaders of local governments in the Batanes islands announced to reporters last December that they would secure food supplies to prepare for a possible conflict.

The restricted signs around the Camilo Osias naval base on the beaches of Santa Ana are hand-painted and difficult to make out - almost obscured by the dozens of green fishing boats moored along the sand. It's Sunday and a few of the men who would usually be at sea are getting tipsy in the shade on a Filipino brand of gin.

A handful of water buffalo wallow in the shallows flicking off the birds that come to rest on their backs with their tails. Nearby, women are doing the weekly washing in huge tubs - the suds spilling over the sides.

Santa Ana is a sleepy town on the northern tip of the main island of Luzon. There is little activity around the tiny Filipino naval base which is so tucked away on a corner of the beach that you would barely know it was there - unless you spotted the "restricted" signs. Crucially it has an airstrip that will give the US access to the Taiwan Strait.

"It's not really a base. I would say it is more like a Boy Scout camp," exclaims Cagayan Governor Manuel Mamba.

Remote and idyllic islands like Basco have become strategically important because of their proximity to Taiwan

This is one of the four new bases in the Philippines that US troops can access as the two countries boost their military alliance. Two of the new locations are in the northern province of Cagayan and face Taiwan.

"This is not my call or the call of our people. It's the call of our national leaders. We will abide by it. We may disagree with it, but really it's all because we don't want war," says Mr Mamba.

"We are poor, and we have our local problems too. That is why any cause of uncertainty will be a bigger problem for all of us."

Mr Mamba is worried that having two US bases in his province will make it a target. He had hoped to bring Chinese tourists to the region, or build a new international airport. Now he fears that Beijing may snub the Philippines when it needs their business more than ever.

"It is hard for us to choose between the two of them. Between a neighbour who has never been our enemy and an ally who has stood by us through so many difficulties. If they could be together, if only they could talk, if only there was middle ground for them to meet."

Governor Mamba's comments reflect a growing anxiety across parts of Asia. Will they be forced to choose between a long standing ally, the US, and their largest trade partner, China?

Back in Basco, in the capital of the tiny Philippine province of the Batanes islands, 21-year-old Ave Marie Garcia is helping travellers get flights to and from her home island of Itbayat.

She doesn't keep an eye on the news - but she couldn't fail to notice or hear about the latest military exercises.

Ave Marie Garcia says she hopes the growing alliance with the US doesn't change her home

"I don't think the US is going to cause war with these military exercises. It's just the US is trying to help the Philippine military to protect this island and to let the Chinese know that this region is protected," she says as she jumps on her scooter to show us her favourite views and beaches.

Ave is one of 11 children and like many in the Philippines, her mother works abroad to send money back to the family.

Their ancestral home, a traditional stone cottage which has stood through the centuries, lies in ruins after an earthquake in 2019 - a reminder that life is fragile here.

Ave and her siblings were brought up by what she describes as her strict grandmother. But in Ave there are small signs of rebellion. Her long dark hair is dip-dyed blonde at the ends.

And yet, she is an Ivatan at heart. Her hope is to preserve her ancestors' way of life, even if that means saying no to the United States. She believes there should be limits.

"I am worried about the future - for our future. I hope they won't build structures here for the U.S military, I just want to leave it as it is. They are allowed to visit this place but they are not allowed to build something here that will cause anyone to invade us. For me it's scary."

The people here feel miles away from the politics and the bellicose rhetoric, and they try not to dwell on what could be, and enjoy what they have.

"An island life is a simple life," Ave says. Each day, she and her family pray it will stay that way.

The World Health Organisation is calling for better access to fertility care around the globe.

A report from the World Health Organisation (WHO) has found one in six people around the world experience infertility.

There also appears to be little difference in rates across high, middle and low-income countries.

The proportion of adults affected by infertility during their lives is 17.8% in high-income countries and 16.5% in low and middle-income ones.

WHO is calling for better access to fertility care across all nations.

Infertility, according to the NHS, is when a couple cannot conceive despite having unprotected sex regularly.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

WHO defines infertility as a failure to achieve a pregnancy after 12 months or more of regular unprotected sex.

Medical treatment for lack of ovulation or surgical procedures can be used to help women specifically, while intrauterine insemination (IUI) or in vitro fertilisation (IVF) are also available to assist couples with conception.

These treatments are available on the NHS, but IUI and IVF are often limited or require a strict set of requirements to qualify for access.

WHO says in most countries, fertility treatment is funded by individuals rather than national health services, which can result in financial hardship for many.

People in poorer countries spend a greater proportion of their income on fertility care compared to richer people, according to the report.

High costs are seen as a factor preventing people from accessing treatment and ultimately being unable to conceive when natural methods fail.

"The report reveals an important truth - infertility does not discriminate," said the Director-General of WHO, Dr Tedros Adhanom.

He added: "The sheer proportion of people affected shows the need to widen access to fertility care and ensure this issue is no longer sidelined in health research and policy, so that safe, effective and affordable ways to attain parenthood are available for those who seek it."

Tangaraju Suppiah was hanged for conspiring to traffic cannabis despite pleas for clemency

Singapore has executed a man for conspiring to traffic cannabis despite pleas for clemency from his family, activists and the United Nations.

Tangaraju Suppiah, 46, was hanged at dawn on Wednesday over a plot to smuggle 1kg (35oz) of cannabis.

Activists said he had been convicted on weak evidence and received limited legal access during his prosecution.

But Singapore authorities said he had been given a fair trial and criticised those who questioned the courts.

Singapore has some of the world's toughest anti-drug laws. It argues these are a necessary deterrent to drug crime which is a major issue elsewhere across South-East Asia.

On Wednesday, Tangaraju Suppiah's family gathered at Changi Prison near the city's airport in the east to receive his body.

"The family said they weren't going to give up on him until right until to the end," anti-death penalty activist Kirsten Han told the BBC.

"They still have a lot of unresolved questions about his case, and the evidence against him. It has been such a harrowing experience for them."

Last year Singapore hanged 11 people, all on drugs charges - including an intellectually impaired man convicted of trafficking three tablespoons of heroin.

The nation's stringent drug laws and use of capital punishment put it increasingly at odds with advanced nations and others in the region, activists say.

Singapore's neighbour Malaysia abolished mandatory death penalties earlier this month, saying it was not an effective deterrent to crime.

Meanwhile cannabis has been decriminalised in many parts of the world - including in neighbouring Thailand, where its trade is encouraged.

"It is just illogical to know that countries nearby are enjoying cannabis in food and beverages, and using it for its medical benefits, while our country is executing people for the very same substance," local activist group the Transformative Justice Collective said.

Singapore's courts on Tuesday had rejected a last-minute appeal from Tangaraju Suppiah's family against his conviction.

Supporters had also petitioned Singapore's President Halimah Yacob for a reprieve, while British activist billionaire Sir Richard Branson added his voice to those calling for a case review.

The UN's Human Rights Office had on Tuesday also called on Singapore to "urgently reconsider" the execution, saying the death penalty violated international norms.

Tangaraju Suppiah had been convicted of "abetting by engaging in a conspiracy to traffic" about 1kg (35oz) of cannabis from Malaysia to Singapore in 2013.

He was not found with the drugs or during the delivery. But prosecutors said he had been responsible for co-ordinating it, and they traced two phone numbers used by a deliveryman back to him.

Tangaraju denied his involvement - and said he had not been the person communicating with the deliveryman. He said he had lost one of the phones and denied owning the second one.

Singapore's law mandates the death penalty for those guilty of trafficking narcotics - including cannabis, cocaine, heroin, and ketamine - beyond a certain quantity.

Leela Suppiah (centre) spoke to reporters on Sunday pleading for her brother's life

Convicted traffickers who can prove that they were only couriers may be able to avoid the death penalty. Drug possession and consumption draw lesser punishments including prison and fines.

In Tangaraju Suppiah's last appeal, the judge agreed with the prosecution that he had been responsible for co-ordinating the delivery, which made him ineligible for a more lenient sentence.

Activists had raised concerns that he had not been given adequate access to a Tamil interpreter and had been forced to represent himself at his last appeal because his family was unable to secure a lawyer.

Singapore authorities say he requested an interpreter only during the trial, and not earlier. They also said he had access to legal counsel throughout the process.

Sir Richard, who had previously criticised the 2022 execution of intellectually impaired Nagaenthran Dharmalingam, said the latest case was "shocking on multiple levels".

In a blog post on Monday, he said Singapore "may be about to kill an innocent man" on the back of "more than dubious circumstances".

Rebutting his allegations, Singapore's Home Affairs Ministry accused him of "disrespect for Singapore's judges and our criminal justice system".

It said the death penalty was "an essential component" in a multi-pronged approach that had been "effective in keeping Singapore safe and secure".

Tangaraju Suppiah's case marked the country's first execution this year.

Singapore is one of 35 countries and territories in the world that sentence people to death for drug crimes, according to Harm Reduction International (HRI), a non-profit, non-government organisation.

It is also considered a "high application" country, where at least 10 executions have been carried out in the past five years.

The US and South Korea are the only two OECD member countries that have retained the death penalty for drug offences, but they have not carried out such executions in the last five years, according to HRI.

The CEO of the submersible company, a British billionaire explorer, a French diver and a father and son were all on board the Titan

All five passengers on board the missing Titan submersible are dead, the US Coast Guard has confirmed.

Officials say they found parts of the vessel amidst debris near the wreckage of the Titanic.

The debris was consistent with the "catastrophic implosion of the vessel", Rear Admiral John Mauger said on Thursday.

The CEO of the submersible company, a British billionaire explorer, a French diver and a father and son were all on board.

Mr Mauger said he could not confirm whether their bodies would be recovered because of the "incredibly unforgiving environment" of the ocean.

Here is what we know about them.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: OceanGate boss Stockton Rush on his passion for the seas - and for taking risks

Stockton Rush was the chief executive of OceanGate, the firm which runs the Titanic voyages, and the company confirmed he was on board.

He was an experienced engineer who had previously designed an experimental aircraft and worked on other small submersible vessels.

Mr Rush founded the company in 2009, offering customers a chance to experience deep sea travel, and made global headlines in 2021 when it began offering trips to the site of the Titanic wreck.

For $250,000 (£195,600), his company offers passengers the opportunity to get an up-close glimpse of what remains of the famous ship.

Participants travel some 370 miles (595km) on a larger ship to the area above the wreck site, then do an eight-hour dive to the Titanic on a truck-sized submersible known as Titan.

Speaking to the New York Times in 2022, he defended the business model, and said the ticket price was a "fraction of the cost of going to space and it's very expensive for us to get these ships and go out there".

A 2017 feature written for the website of Princeton University, where he studied, reported that Mr Rush goes on every OceanGate dive.

Mr Rush was married to Wendy Rush, who is the great-great-granddaughter of Isidor and Ida Straus, who died in the Titanic wreck after letting women and children escape before them.

Mike Reiss, a writer and producer of The Simpsons, went on a Titanic dive in a different OceanGate submersible with Mr Rush. He said the CEO was a "magnetic man", the New York Times reported, adding that he was "the last of the American dreamers".

Hamish Harding has flown to space and visited the South Pole

The British adventurer ran Action Aviation, a Dubai-based private jet dealership, and completed several exploration feats.

He visited the South Pole multiple times - once with former astronaut Buzz Aldrin - and flew into space in 2022 on board Blue Origin's fifth human-crewed flight.

He held three Guinness World Records, including longest time spent at full ocean depth during a dive to the deepest part of the Mariana Trench.

In summer 2022, he told Business Aviation Magazine that he grew up in Hong Kong, qualified as a pilot in the mid-1980s while studying at Cambridge, and set up his aircraft firm after making money in banking software.

He said the Titanic dive had been meant to take place in June 2022 but was delayed because "the submersible was unfortunately damaged on its previous dive". He said no-one was injured in the incident.

Asked about his appetite for exploration, he said: "My view is that these are all calculated risks and are well understood before we start."

Last weekend, he said on Facebook that the mission was "likely to be the first and only in 2023" because of poor weather conditions in Newfoundland, Canada, where the missions set off from.

Later, his stepson Brian Szasz said in a now-deleted post on Facebook that his stepfather "has gone missing on (the) submarine".

Friend David Mearns, a marine scientist and expedition leader, described Mr Harding as a "very charming guy" who was attracted to extreme adventures.

Patrick Woodhead, founder of British tour operator White Desert Antarctica, said Mr Harding was an "incredible" aviation explorer, and that his thoughts and prayers were with Mr Harding's wife, Linda, and his sons.

Terry Virts, a retired Nasa astronaut, said his friend was the "quintessential British explorer" who loved adventure and exploring, but was not an adrenaline junkie.

"Some people watch Netflix, some people play golf, and Hamish goes to the bottom of the ocean, or into space, and he's set world records flying around the planet," he told BBC Radio 4 Today's programme.

Lucy Cosnett, Mr Harding's cousin and goddaughter, called for a full investigation into his death as she described him as a "lovely caring person".

"When I read they had heard banging noises I was feeling hopeful that maybe it was coming from the submersible. But then yesterday was the worst when I heard that he didn't make it, that they all died," she said.

"There should have been more safety checks done. The company OceanGate should have done more… it should be fully investigated, to see what went wrong, why it happened, why they didn't survive."

Ms Cosnett added she was also feeling sad that she would not be able to wish her godfather a happy birthday as he would have turned 59 years old this weekend.

Mr Harding - along with Paul-Henry Nargeolet who was also on board - was a member of the Explorers Club, a little known century-old exploration group whose members have included Sir Edmund Hillary and Amelia Earhart.

Its president, Richard Garriott de Cayeux, said Mr Harding's excitement over the expedition had been palpable during a meeting at last week's Global Exploration Summit.

British businessman Shahzada Dawood was from one of Pakistan's richest families. He was travelling on the sub with his son Suleman, a student.

Mr Dawood lived with his wife, Christine, and other child, Alina, in Surbiton, south-west London. The family were spending a month in Canada prior to the dive.

Shahzada was vice-chairman of Pakistani conglomerate Engro Corporation, which is a large fertiliser firm.

He worked with his family's Dawood Foundation, as well as the SETI Institute, a California-based research organisation which searches for extra-terrestrial life.

Shahzada was also a supporter of two charities founded by King Charles III - the British Asian Trust and the Prince's Trust International.

A Palace spokesperson previously said the King's "thoughts and prayers" were with all those onboard.

Will Straw, the chief executive officer of Prince's Trust International, said he was "deeply saddened by this terrible news".

The British Asian Trust said it was an "unfathomable tragedy".

"We try to find solace in the enduring legacy of humility and humanity that they have left behind and find comfort in the belief that they passed on to the next leg of their spiritual journey hand-in-hand, father and son," a spokesperson for the trust added.

Shahzada's family said he was interested in "exploring different natural habitats", and had previously spoken at both the United Nations and Oxford Union.

He studied in Philadelphia, in the US, and the University of Buckingham in England, where he graduated in 1998.

Suleman was a student at the University of Strathclyde in Glasgow, where he had just completed his first year at the university's Business School.

Following news of his and his father's death, Suleman's aunt told NBC News the 19-year-old had said he felt "terrified" about the trip, but wanted to please his dad.

A family statement described the teenager as a "big fan of science fiction literature and learning new things", and having an interest in Rubik's cubes and playing volleyball.

He recently graduated from ACS International School Cobham in Surrey, according to local media reports.

The university's principal and vice-chancellor, Prof Sir Jim McDonald, wrote to students to inform them that Suleman was in the missing sub.

He said the student wellbeing team was available to support those affected by the news.

The plight of Suleman and his fellow passengers had been raised at First Minister's Questions in the Scottish Parliament.

First Minister Humza Yousaf said: "My thoughts are very much with the families and the communities that are affected."

Paul-Henry Nargeolet was a diver in the French Navy

Also on board was Mr Nargeolet, a former French Navy diver.

Nicknamed Mr Titanic, he reportedly spent more time at the wreck than any other explorer and was part of the first expedition to visit it in 1987, just two years after it was found.

He was director of underwater research at a company that owns the rights to the Titanic wreck.

According to a company profile, Mr Nargeolet supervised the recovery of thousands of Titanic artefacts, including the "big piece", a 20-tonne section of the boat's hull.

Family spokesman Mathieu Johann described Mr Nargeolet as a "super-hero for us in France".

"He is the world specialist on the Titanic, its conception, the shipwreck, he has dived in four corners of the world," he told Reuters.

Éric Derrien, director at Genavir, a subsidiary of the French Research Institute for Exploitation of the Sea, where Mr Nargeolet had worked for more than 10 years, said staff "shared the grief of his family and friends".

"We are deeply saddened by the death of this insatiable explorer of the ocean, who left his mark on Genavir. His dives will remain engraved in the memory of French oceanography," he said.

"We would also like to extend our sincerest condolences to the families of the Titan's other passengers."

Shortly before boarding the sub, Mr Nargeolet said he had been looking forward to an expedition next year to recover objects from the wreck, he added.

Mr Nargeolet's wife, Anne, who is French, lives in Connecticut, while his children live outside of France, according to Reuters.

Sign up for our UK morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

Do you know anyone involved with the Titanic submersible? Have you been or worked on a similar expedition? Share with us by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

The Dalai Lama has been criticised over footage of him asking a boy to suck his tongue

An online backlash to the Dalai Lama has rejuvenated a long-running controversy over Tibetan history and boosted a Chinese government narrative.

The Tibetan Buddhist leader has faced widespread criticism after a video surfaced showing him kissing a young boy and asking him to suck his tongue. The Dalai Lama has since expressed regret.

The incident has sparked significant online vitriol against the spiritual leader.

While much of it centres on the video, accusing him of inappropriate behaviour and child abuse, a significant portion of the criticism accuses him of complicity in "slavery", using highly disputed definitions seen in Chinese propaganda.

There are also concerns that overall, the online backlash is fuelling anti-Tibet sentiment.

Activists say that while many of the talking points have long existed online - propagated by pro-China accounts - they are now attracting a wider audience as the video controversy renews global attention on Tibet.

In Twitter threads and TikTok videos that have attracted millions of views and retweets, social media users are discussing the living conditions and lack of rights held by ordinary Tibetans before the country was annexed by China in the 1950s.

Many describe this as "slavery". They also frame the Chinese annexation as an act of liberation for Tibetans.

They argue that as the Tibetans' spiritual leader the Dalai Lama was complicit, and some posts label him a "demon" and "slaveowner".

But these characterisations of Tibetan society and China's annexation have long been controversial - and mirror the Chinese government's rhetoric.

Beijing promotes a narrative where it freed "serfs and slaves" from a brutal theocracy, set Tibet on a path of modernisation, and vastly improved Tibetans' lives.

It has also accused the Dalai Lama of spearheading a failed uprising in 1959 in order to "preserve the theocratic serf system". The Dalai Lama has said the incident began with Tibetans gathering to protect him from a possible Chinese attack.

The incident ended with the Chinese taking over Tibet's government and dissolving what they say was a feudal system. In 2009, China created the annual "Tibetan Serf Emancipation Day" to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the quelling of the uprising.

In recent weeks Chinese state media outlet Global Times re-amplified this narrative by putting out an infographic comparing life before and after Tibet's "peaceful liberation", in a tweet criticising the Dalai Lama. It was subsequently retweeted by at least one Chinese embassy.

Though Tibet's government-in-exile has disputed the term "feudal", most scholars agree that Tibet's society saw people working on estates owned by nobles, monasteries or the state, and paid taxes to them.

There has been debate on how to describe these people. The Tibetan word for them, "miser", has been translated as both "serfs" and "subjects".

But most experts do not see them as "slaves" which could be bought and sold.

"Tibet has never had a term for 'slave'. These people were not commodities… it was like a 'peasant and lord' relationship," said Tsering Shakya, a Tibet historian with the University of British Columbia.

Historically the Dalai Lama did not directly own "serfs", but as he was seen as the sovereign of Tibetan society, "everyone in Tibet was considered his subject, much like people in the UK are subjects to the King", said Dr Shakya.

Critics of China's narrative, such as Tibet's government-in-exile, say Beijing uses it to justify the annexation and its oppression of Tibetans over the years.

Tibetan activists accuse China of human rights violations and have campaigned for the release of prisoners

While Tibetans' standard of living has greatly improved, Tibet remains tightly controlled by Chinese authorities who are accused of committing violence and human rights violations.

Thousands of Tibetans are believed to have been killed during various periods of martial law over the years.

"You don't emancipate anyone with [an] army and guns. You don't liberate anyone with forced agreement," a representative of the Tibetan government-in-exile said in 2020.

Some have also argued that Tibet was already on the path of reform and did not need China's intervention.

"There were people advocating modernisation before annexation, there were seeds of change," said Dr Shakya.

Earlier this week Tibet's government-in-exile accused China of waging a campaign to "vilify" them and the Dalai Lama.

Its head, Penpa Tsering, also claimed without evidence that "pro-Chinese sources" were making the Dalai Lama's video go viral on social media and said "the political angle of this incident cannot be ignored".

A BBC Monitoring check did not find signs of inauthentic online activity, indicating that the criticism comes from genuine sources.

It also found the criticism came from diverse sources. While pro-China influencers as well as Chinese diplomats and state media were responsible for some of it, right-wing commentators and social media users concerned about child abuse and slavery have also joined in.

Activists say the backlash has fuelled online abuse of Tibetans, pro-Tibet groups, and the Tibetan leadership in exile. It has also obscured numerous human rights issues that activists are trying to raise, including the forced assimilation of Tibetan children.

"There is a frustration that Tibet largely goes unreported but now is in the spotlight for this reason, and fear that this story will become the centrepiece of the conversation about Tibet at a critical time for the future of their country and its culture," John Jones, spokesperson for the Free Tibet organisation, told the BBC.

"In that sense, this story has been a gift to anyone wishing to downplay the concerns Tibetans have been trying to raise."

President Joe Biden was speaking at the National Safer Communities Summit in Connecticut, calling for tougher gun control laws when he seemingly confused the audience by closing his speech with the phrase "God Save the Queen".

Videos of the president's unusual sign off quickly started circulating online, with social media users questioning what he meant.

The White House Principal Deputy Press Secretary, Olivia Dalton, later responded to reporters by saying the president was "commenting to someone in the crowd".

John Lewis has axed its staff bonus for a second time and signalled job cuts are in the pipeline, after what it described as a "very tough year".

The department store firm, which also owns Waitrose supermarkets, reported a £234m pre-tax loss.

Partnership chair Dame Sharon White said the stores had attracted more customers, but they had spent less.

She said the losses meant bonuses could not be issued this year for the second time since it began the scheme in 1953.

Dame Sharon suggested the firm may have to reduce staff numbers, or "partners" as they are known at the company.

"As we need to become more efficient and productive, that will have an impact on our number of partners," she said.

When questioned about specific plans around job losses Dame Sharon said: "There are no numbers."

But the firm said it faced a "more challenging environment" and was tripling its target to make savings from £300m to £900m by January 2026.

It said savings would be made through the sale of assets, such as its Berkshire golf club, and by improving productivity.

Meanwhile, the plan to move into the residential property market was "working really well" Dame Sharon said.

John Lewis said its long-term aim was for almost half (40%) of profits to come from outside of shops by 2030.

But Dame Sharon said soaring prices last year had "hit us like a hurricane" and that customers had "felt the pain".

Despite Waitrose reporting more shoppers in the year to the end of January, customers spent less. It said the size of the average basket fell by 15% and people were buying cheaper items.

Consequently, full-year sales at Waitrose fell by 3% to £7.31bn.

"The big online growth of the pandemic years was partly reversed," said Dame Sharon, adding: "Shoppers shifted some of their grocery spending to the discounters."

The cost of living crisis has hit John Lewis hard, with worse-than-expected results. Customer numbers may be up but they are buying less, especially at Waitrose, which revealed a drop in volumes of 10% for the year.

The group is also grappling with its own spiralling costs, up by nearly £180m in a year, including higher energy bills and pay. It has already made £300m of savings as part of its existing plans to turnaround the business. Now the firm's chair Dame Sharon White says she wants to save another £600m by 2026. That will likely mean job losses as the business tries to become more efficient.

She has appointed the Partnership's first ever chief executive to supercharge the transformation and get profits back on track. That's not an easy job right now in the current economic environment.

Retail analyst Catherine Shuttleworth said shoppers were "cherry picking what they buy at Waitrose".

The decline in Waitrose sales was significant Ms Shuttleworth said: "Volumes are the life-blood of supermarket businesses - the more you sell, the better the prices you can offer to shoppers.

"One glimmer of hope is that shoppers are back in department stores with sales up 20% - the strategy to invest more in a reduced store network is clearly working especially at seasonal peaks particularly Christmas."

The figures come following recent upheavals within senior management after Pippa Wicks departed as executive director of the department store business.

Nish Kankiwala was appointed on Wednesday as John Lewis' first ever chief executive and will oversee the daily running of the entire business.

It is the third year of pre-tax losses for John Lewis. Last year, it reported a £27m loss, far below this most recent result.

The research rocket was part of experiments being conducted by Sweden in zero gravity

Sweden has got into hot water with Norway after one of its research rockets malfunctioned and landed in its neighbour's territory.

The rocket was launched at 07:20 local time (05:20 GMT) on Monday from the Esrange Space Center, before plunging into a Norwegian mountain range.

The Swedish Space Corporation (SSC), which owns and runs the centre, has apologised and is investigating.

But Norwegian officials say Sweden failed to let them know formally.

"The ministry did not get formal notification, and when an incident like this happens across the border it's important that those responsible immediately inform the Norwegian authorities through proper channels," said foreign ministry spokeswoman Ragnhild Simenstad.

According to the SSC, the rocket reached an altitude of 250km (155 miles) and made it into zero gravity, where it carried out experiments in microgravity into potential carbon-free fuels and creating more efficient solar cells.

But the rocket then landed some 40km north-west of the planned landing site, 15km into Norwegian territory in the far northern area of Malselv. It is described as a mountain range roughly 10km from the closest inhabited area, at an altitude of around 1,000m (3,280ft).

Nobody was injured and no material damage has been reported.

The scientific instrument onboard the rocket, known as the payload, weighs 387kg (853lbs) and has since been recovered in "good condition" and returned to Esrange by helicopter, according to the SSC.

SSC spokesman Philip Ohlsson explained that while the first stage motor of the rocket had landed close to the Esrange base site in Sweden, the second stage motor and the payload had parachuted on to Norwegian territory.

"This is a deviation that we take seriously," said Marko Kohberg from the Esrange Space Center. "It is still too early to speculate about the cause, and we await more information from the current investigation."

According to Esrange, Norway's armed forces and Swedish authorities were contacted shortly after the incident, and it followed the routines laid out for rocket launches after Monday's flight.

Local authorities in Malselv have told public broadcaster NRK they were told about the incident and asked if a helicopter could be sent to retrieve the rocket.

But Norway's foreign ministry has said it received no formal notification either of the rocket's landing or the recovery of its payload.

"For our part it's important to remember that a rocket and incident like this can contribute to large damage. The fuel might be contaminated and there might be poisonous material. We just want to expect the proper rules are followed," said Ms Simenstad.

The rocket, known as Texus-58, is part of a European programme commissioned by the European Space Agency.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Striking workers say 'enough is enough'

Thousands of education and health workers in Northern Ireland have taken part in strike action on Tuesday.

Four teaching unions took part in a half-day strike over pay - their first walkout in six years - with most schools closed until midday.

For health and public service unions Unite, Unison, Nipsa and GMB it was further action in a pay dispute.

Teachers, nurses, ambulance and hospital staff have been taking to picket lines.

The Department of Education said guidance had been issued to help principals assess and prepare for strike action.

It is understood union representatives are to meet the Department of Education later this week for further talks.

The Department of Health said it fully understood the frustration of staff but there was no scope for resolution at local level.

The four teaching unions involved were the National Association of Schoolmasters and Union of Women Teachers (NASUWT); the Irish National Teachers' Organisation (INTO); the Ulster Teachers Union (UTU) and the National Education Union (NEU).

The NASUWT has been calling for a 12% increase in salaries, following deadlock over a pay deal for the past year.

In Northern Ireland teachers were offered a 3.2% rise spread over two years from 2021 to 2023.

But unions said that due to changes in pay scales many teachers would get less than 3.2%.

Dr Patrick Roach, NASUWT general secretary, said teachers had been left with no choice.

"Our members are not prepared to stand by while their pay packets shrink and their living costs rise," he said.

"The Department of Education and employers must bring forward a substantially improved pay offer if they want to see an end to this dispute."

Members of multiple trade unions were present at Belfast City Hall on Tuesday morning

At Belfast City Hall, teacher Emer Bloomer described the strike as a "show of solidarity".

"All unions are uniting to say none of us are happy at the minute, it can't continue like this and something has to be done," she added.

Healthcare workers Orlaigh Sewell and Lisa Heaney said they were striking "to save the NHS".

"They're stripping it down piece by piece," Orlaigh explained. "At the end of the day, it has to be safe for patients".

Health visitor Lisa Heaney added: "There's more demands, there's more support needed for the families we're going out to visit and we don't have the staff to facilitate that."

Fionnuala McTaggart, who has been teaching in north Belfast for three years, said there has been a noticeable increase in her workload that can be "really overwhelming at times".

Her school, along with many others, opened from 12.00 GMT, to allow children to access free school meals.

"It's not this easy job that people make it out to be, you're not just out colouring with kids all day, you're doing real work that's hard and meaningful and important," she told BBC News NI.

Without a Stormont executive and extra money in the education budget it's hard to see how the teachers' pay dispute can be resolved.

The problem is we don't know where the money would come from for any revised pay deal.

The Department of Education has pointed out that the education budget is under real pressure.

This may be the first action of many but with no ministers in place it's hard to see who is listening.

Edel McInerney, vice president of the NEU Northern Ireland, said: "It's been such a paltry sum that's been offered that actually in fact it's a pay cut that they're offering us, not a pay deal - we're looking for fair pay.

"They [the Department of Education] need to think outside the box, they need to see where money can be saved so that the heart of education - the teachers - are remunerated properly," she said.

Gerry Murphy, from INTO, said teachers had been backed into a corner while the UTU's Jacqui White said the unprecedented move was a reflection of the strength of feeling.

The Department of Education said there had been active engagement between managers and teachers about pay.

But the statement said negotiations were taking place at a time of growing and unprecedented financial pressures within the education sector.

It said management remained committed to reaching a resolution that ensured teachers were fairly remunerated.

In Omagh, workers gathered outside the courthouse as strikes continue

Teachers were joined at a number of rallies across Northern Ireland by striking workers from the health unions.

Workers were told they would get a 2022-23 pay award of £1,400, but unions said this would not settle the dispute as it was lower than inflation.

In January, more than 20,000 healthcare staff in Northern Ireland took part in a one-day strike.

Teaching staff across Northern Ireland walked out until midday

The Department of Health said the strikes would undoubtedly impacts patient care.

But it added that it fully understood the frustration of staff who continued to work in extremely challenging circumstances.

"This a national dispute which is only resolvable at national level. Northern Ireland has a policy of pay parity with England HSC workers covered by the Agenda for Change framework," the department said.

"Given that policy position, the absence of ministers and current budgetary realities, there is no scope for a resolution at local level."

Some of the UK's biggest pension funds have voted against reappointing BP's chairman over a decision to weaken its climate plans, but the majority of shareholders backed Helge Lund.

It comes after the energy giant cut back its target to reduce emissions by the end of the decade.

As well as the dissenting votes there were also disruptions during the annual meeting from climate protestors.

BP said it valued "constructive challenge and engagement".

The original target to reduce emissions was agreed by shareholders in 2022 and included a promise to cut greenhouse gas emissions by 35% to 40% by the end of this decade.

But in February, BP announced it was now aiming for a 20% to 30% cut so it could produce more oil and gas and extend the life of existing fossil fuel projects.

BP chief executive Bernard Looney said this was in response to increased concerns about energy security following the invasion of Ukraine.

The five pension funds told the BBC that their vote against the company's chairman, Helge Lund, was a protest against the company's actions.

The pension funds have £440m invested in BP, which represents less than 1% of the company's total shares. But they manage the pensions of more than a third of the UK's workers so are an influential voice.

Mr Lund received a majority of more than 90% for re-election during the annual meeting on Thursday.

Katharina Lindmeier, senior responsible investment manager at Nest, the government-backed pension fund, told the BBC: "Not only were we disappointed to see the company going back on the targets, but we were also really surprised not to have had any consultation."

The five pension funds - Nest, the Universities Pension Scheme, LGPS Central, Brunel Pension Partnership and Border to Coast - are concerned that the new targets put BP financially at risk because the company's fossil fuel projects are likely to lose value as the world moves towards net zero emissions.

Nest also told the BBC that there were concerns over BP's actions on reducing gas flaring, after seeing the BBC documentary Under Poisoned Skies.

The BBC News investigation showed that BP was one of several major oil companies not declaring emissions from gas flaring at oil fields in Iraq, which produces cancer-linked pollutants.

Ali Hussein Julood, who documented his life in Rumaila, Iraq for the documentary, suspected his childhood leukaemia was due to the flaring. He passed away on 21 April after his cancer returned.

Ali's father told the board of his son's passing during the AGM, and how despite their efforts, there was still black smoke and gas flaring outside his front door.

Mr Looney gave his condolences at the meeting to Ali's family and said: "We are continuing to reduce flaring at Rumaila. We are making progress and it must continue to be made".

Gas flaring at oil fields near Basra, Iraq where BP is a major contractor

The pension funds told the BBC they only found out about the change in BP's climate targets via media reports.

They then approached BP to ask for a vote on the new targets but BP refused, arguing it was not a material change to the strategy.

Patrick O'Hara, director of responsible investment at LGPS Central, told the BBC: "If you change the strategy you should really enter into a dialogue with those that supported you."

He said he thought BP's decision was driven by short-term profit considerations rather than the long term sustainability of the company.

"Are these strategies science-based if you can flex them based on what the oil and gas price is? We are long-term investors and we expect the company to take a long-term view", he said.

The company's profits more than doubled to $27.7bn (£23bn) in 2022, as energy prices soared after Russia invaded Ukraine.

As well as protest voting, there were half a dozen green activists removed from BP's annual meeting of its board and shareholders on Thursday, as they demanded the company "stop drilling" for fossil fuels.

The Dutch environmental organisation Follow This also put forward a resolution - supported by the five pension funds - which calls for more aggressive targets on what are known as scope 3 emissions - emissions from the use of its products.

BP recommended that shareholders not support this resolution calling it "unclear", "simplistic" and "disruptive".

ISS and Glass Lewis are the world's largest investor services and recommended to BP shareholders they advise to oppose the climate resolution.

Courteney Keatinge, senior director for ESG research at Glass Lewis, said the company does not see BP's actions to reduce its climate targets as a financial risk because the world will continue to use oil and gas past 2050.

"We are not operating under a net zero 2050 scenario, the demand is going to be there [in 2050], people will be flying planes and heating their homes", she said.

The resolution only garnered 16.75% of the vote but that was up on 14.9% the same resolution received last year.

The deadly impact of the oil giants' toxic air pollution on children and the planet is revealed in this BBC News Arabic investigation from the front line of climate change in Iraq.

Last updated on .From the section Cricket

The Marylebone Cricket Club has suspended three members over altercations with Australia players at Lord's on day five of the second Test.

Television footage appeared to show clashes between Usman Khawaja and David Warner and spectators in the Long Room as Australia walked off for lunch.

The incident came after England's Jonny Bairstow was controversially stumped by Australia wicketkeeper Alex Carey.

The MCC said it had apologised "unreservedly" before confirming it had suspended three members identified from the incident.

"They will not be permitted back to Lord's whilst the investigation takes place," the MCC added in a statement.

"We maintain that the behaviour of a small number of members was completely unacceptable and whilst there was no suggestion by [Australia captain] Pat Cummins in the post-match press conference that there was any physical altercation, it remains wholly unacceptable to behave in such a way, which goes against the values of the club.

"MCC condemns the behaviour witnessed and once again we re-iterate our apology to Cricket Australia."

Khawaja said the behaviour of the members was "really disappointing", while Cummins added he thought some could lose their memberships as a result.

"Lord's is one of my favourite places to come," said Khawaja. "There's always respect shown at Lord's, particularly in the members' pavilion in the Long Room, but there wasn't today.

"Some of the stuff that was coming out of the members' mouths is really disappointing and I wasn't just going to stand by and cop it. So I just talked to a few of them.

"A few of them were throwing out some pretty big allegations and I just called them up on it and they kept going, and I was like, well, this is your membership here.

"It's pretty disrespectful, to be honest. I just expect a lot better from the members."
• None Superb Stokes century not enough to deny Australia
• None I wouldn't want to win in that manner - Stokes
• None TMS podcast: Super Stokes goes down in vain

Australia asked the MCC to investigate, initially saying players had been "physically contacted" as well as verbally abused.

Based at Lord's, which it owns, the MCC acts as custodian and arbiter of the laws and spirit of cricket.

"We have unreservedly apologised to the Australian team," the MCC said in a statement.

Tempers flared after Carey threw down the stumps to dismiss Bairstow, who left his crease after seemingly believing the ball was dead at the end of the 52nd over in England's second innings.

Australia's players were booed and players from both sides exchanged words as they walked off the field at lunch before Khawaja and Warner appeared to be confronted by members.

"MCC came and apologised for the behaviour of some of the members," said Cummins.

"I think some of them might lose their memberships over the way they behaved. Other than that one time, they were fantastic all week. Normally fantastic, really welcoming.

"They were just quite aggressive and abusive towards some of our players, which I know the MCC weren't too happy with."

The foreign secretary has called for the UK to have a more constructive but robust relationship with China.

James Cleverly used a keynote speech in London to set out Britain's approach to Beijing.

He argued isolating China would be against the UK's national interest.

"No significant global problem - from climate change to pandemic prevention, from economic stability to nuclear proliferation - can be solved without China," he said.

Mr Cleverly also used his speech at the Lord Mayor's Easter Banquet at Mansion House to warn China against building up its military forces and risking "tragic miscalculation" in the Pacific.

In a departure from tradition, in which foreign secretaries use the annual address to set out their views on a range of foreign policy matters, Mr Cleverly devoted almost all of his speech to China.

The foreign secretary dismissed calls from some senior Conservatives to take a strictly hardline approach against China and instead argued that the UK must engage with Beijing to tackle "humanity's biggest problems".

"It would be clear and easy - and perhaps even satisfying - for me to declare some kind of new Cold War and say that our goal is to isolate China," Mr Cleverly said.

"It would be clear, it would be easy, it would be satisfying and it would be wrong. Because it would be a betrayal of our national interest and a wilful misunderstanding of the modern world."

But he urged China to be transparent about its military expansion and accused Beijing of "carrying out the biggest military build-up in peacetime history".

It comes after earlier this month China held military drills centred on the self-ruled island Taiwan, which China sees as a breakaway province that will eventually be brought under Beijing's control - by force, if necessary.

The address, attended by foreign ambassadors and high commissioners, also condemned Chinese repression and pledged that the UK will continue highlighting the treatment of Uyghur people - the Muslim minority Beijing is accused of committing systematic human rights abuses against and detaining hundreds of thousands of in camps.

If Mr Cleverly's rapprochement towards China led to an invitation to visit the country for talks, it would be the first time a British minister has made such a trip since then-COP26 President Alok Sharma went to Tianjin for climate talks in 2021.

However, the foreign secretary's comments could anger Conservative backbenchers, some of whom want the government to adopt a tougher approach to Beijing.

Former Prime Minister Liz Truss, who appointed Mr Cleverly in her previous role of foreign secretary in September, had urged ministers to ensure Beijing can never join the Indo-Pacific trade bloc - a trade pact featuring 11 Asia and Pacific nations.

And last year, former party leader Iain Duncan-Smith called China a "brutal, dictatorial, ghastly regime" in two separate TV interviews.

China is the world's most populous country with a 1.41 billion population and the world's second largest economy.

The UK's relationship with China has deteriorated in recent years following controversies including Chinese company Huawei's involvement in Britain's 5G network, concerns over threats to civil liberties in the former British colony of Hong Kong, and the threat of espionage and influence operations by China in the UK.

And in recent weeks, the popular video-sharing app TikTok was banned on all government electronic devices, amid ongoing global concerns about whether the Chinese government could gain access to their data.

It was only last year Mr Sunak used his own first foreign policy speech at Mansion House to say the so-called "golden-era" of relations with China was over and, along with the "naive idea" that more trade with the West would lead to Chinese political reform.

Instead, he said the UK had to replace wishful thinking with "robust pragmatism".
• None Golden era of UK-China relations over, says Sunak

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

At least one person has been killed and 19 injured in Russian missile strikes on the Ukrainian port city of Odesa, officials have said.

The Transfiguration Cathedral in the Unesco world heritage-listed historic centre was also badly damaged.

Russia claimed its Odesa targets were being used to prepare "terrorist acts" and blamed Sunday's cathedral attack on Ukrainian air defence.

Moscow has been launching near-constant attacks on Odesa since it withdrew from a landmark grain deal on Monday.

Regional governor Oleh Kiper said 14 people, including four children, were taken to hospital on Sunday after the blasts - that also destroyed six residential buildings. .

Kyiv accused Russia of "destroying" the cathedral as part of a campaign to "systematically" harm the Orthodox Church in the country.

"A war crime that will never be forgotten and forgiven #RussiaIsATerroristState," its foreign ministry tweeted.

The damage is as colossal as the cathedral itself. The cracks along its walls represent the strain Odesa has found itself under after a week of constant attacks from the skies.

There is no doubt this was a direct hit from a missile.

Most of the roof is missing. The building's thick ancient walls are still standing but there are pillars leaning at a worrying angle.

Teams have been ferociously picking up debris since the impact in the small hours of this morning.

They show us fragments of what they say was the Russian missile, which destroyed a place of worship under Moscow's control. A cruel irony which is likely to be unintended.

The building is Odesa's largest Orthodox church and was consecrated in 1809. It was demolished by the Soviet Union in 1939, before being rebuilt in 2003.

Andriy Palchuk, the archdeacon of the cathedral, said he was the first person to arrive at the scene.

"The destruction is enormous; half of the cathedral was left without a roof, and the central piles and foundation were destroyed," he said.

"All the windows and stucco moulding were blown out. There was a fragmentary fire, the part where icons and candles are sold in the church caught fire. It was all on fire, burning."

Unesco, the UN's cultural agency, said it was "deeply dismayed and condemns in the strongest terms" the attack on the historic centre of Odesa.

It has repeatedly urged Russia to cease attacks on Odesa. The city's historic centre was designated an endangered World Heritage by the organisation earlier this year, despite Russian opposition.

But in an update posted to Facebook, Ukraine's southern command said Russia had targeted the Odesa region with at least five different types of missiles.

The head of Ukraine's presidential office, Andriy Yermak, repeated calls for more missiles and defence systems after the latest attack on Odesa.

"This is the undisguised terror of a peaceful city," Mr Yermak wrote on Telegram. "The enemy must be deprived of the opportunity to attack civilians and infrastructure."

Moscow has notably stepped up attacks on the port city since it withdrew from the UN backed grain deal on Monday and Ukraine has accused it of targeting grain supplies and infrastructure vital to the deal.

A strike earlier this week destroyed some 60,000 tonnes of grain, officials said.

Odesa is Ukraine's biggest port, and millions of tonnes of grain have been shipped from its docks under the terms of the deal.

The deal - brokered by Turkey and the UN - between Russia and Ukraine was struck in July 2022, allowing cargo ships to sail along a corridor in the Black Sea.

Rescuers in Uman pulled casualties from the rubble during Friday morning

A wave of Russian air strikes on cities across Ukraine, including Kyiv, has left at least 25 people dead.

23 people - including four children - were killed in an attack that hit a block of flats in the central city of Uman, officials said.

And a woman and her three-year-old daughter were killed in the city of Dnipro, according to the local mayor.

The Russian defence ministry said its military had targeted Ukrainian army reserve units with the strikes.

State-owned RIA news agency said Russia was aiming for the reserve units and used high-precision weapons on Friday.

In Uman, a town that has been largely spared Russian attack, a nine-storey apartment building partially collapsed after it was hit by a missile.

Oleksander, a 35-year-old resident of the block, said he had been woken up after he heard a powerful explosion.

"I couldn't understand what was happening. I went to the balcony and saw glass everywhere. It was horrible," he told the BBC.

"Russia is a terrorist state. You can see, there's no military object here. And it happened at four o'clock in the morning, as people were sleeping".

Another resident, 60-year-old Vanda, said she heard an explosion and "everything shook".

"We tried to find ways to leave the building. I heard a voice of a child who was screaming in the flat next to ours. We wanted to help other people. There was smoke and fire everywhere," she said.

More than 10 hours after the attack, rescuers were still working at the site while residents tried to retrieve some of their belongings. In nearby buildings, some residents were already fixing broken windows.

The video showed the immediate damage of the strike

Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said the apartment block was among 10 residential buildings that were damaged in Uman.

The state rescue service said the child killed in the city was born in 2013 and another 11 people needed hospital treatment.

Mr Zelensky said the attacks showed further international action needed to be taken against Russia.

"Evil can be stopped by weapons - our defenders are doing it. And it can be stopped by sanctions - global sanctions must be enhanced," he said in a tweet..

The head of the Kyiv city military administration said it was the first Russian missile attack on the capital in 51 days.

There are no immediate reports of civilian casualties in the capital.

Twenty-one out of 23 missiles and two attack drones were shot down by Ukraine's air defence system, officials said in a post on the messaging service Telegram.

The Russian-installed mayor of Donetsk said seven people were killed in the separatist-run city when Ukrainian artillery shells hit a minibus. BBC News has been unable to immediately verify the claim.

The attacks come as Ukrainian forces say they are ready to launch a military offensive with new equipment, including tanks, supplied by Western allies.

"As soon as there is God's will, the weather and a decision by commanders, we will do it," Ukrainian Defence Minister Oleksii Reznikov told an online news briefing on Friday.

Russia has struggled to make headway in a winter offensive including a 10-month battle for control of the strategically important city of Bakhmut.

The Russian defence ministry said on Friday its military had targeted Ukrainian army reserve units with long-range strikes using high-precision weapons, according to a report by the state-owned RIA news agency.

Moscow has previously said it does not deliberately target civilians, but thousands have been injured and killed across Ukraine since Russia's invasion.

Khader Adnan was a senior figure from Islamic Jihad who was awaiting trial in Israel on terrorism charges

Israel and Palestinian militants in Gaza have reportedly agreed a ceasefire after the death of a Palestinian hunger striker in an Israeli jail on Tuesday led to a flare-up in violence.

More than 100 Palestinian rockets and mortars were fired into Israel and Israeli warplanes struck sites said to be linked to Hamas, which governs Gaza.

A Palestinian man was killed in a strike on Gaza, local officials said.

The prisoner who died, Khader Adnan, was a senior figure in Islamic Jihad.

Israeli authorities said he had refused medical care during his 87-day hunger strike, which he began after being detained in the occupied West Bank on terrorism charges.

But one of his lawyers accused them of medical negligence and the Palestinian prime minister described his death as a "deliberate assassination".

An umbrella group of militant groups in Gaza, including Islamic Jihad and Hamas, said the rocket fire was "an initial response to this heinous crime".

Sirens sounded repeatedly in southern Israeli towns as militants launched several rounds of rockets following the announcement of Adnan's death.

Israel Defense Forces (IDF) spokesman Lt Col Richard Hecht said 104 rockets were fired in total. Eleven fell into the sea, 14 landed inside Gaza, 24 were intercepted by Israel's air defence system, and 48 fell in open areas, he added.

At least one rocket hit a building site in the southern Israeli city of Sderot on Tuesday afternoon. A 25-year-old Chinese worker was moderately injured by shrapnel and two other foreign workers were lightly injured.

Two other people were lightly injured while running to a shelter overnight.

Israeli warplanes struck sites said to be linked to Hamas, which governs Gaza

There were loud explosions and flashes lit up the night sky as Israeli warplanes hit 16 targets in Gaza in response, including what the IDF said were weapon manufacturing sites, military compounds and "underground terrorist tunnels".

"We attacked everything we wanted," Col Hecht said.

A Palestinian security source told the BBC that 12 Hamas military sites were hit across Gaza, causing major damage to them as well as nearby houses.

The Palestinian health ministry in Gaza said on Wednesday morning that a 58-year-old man called Hashel Mubarak was killed north of Gaza City, and that five other people were injured.

Egypt, Qatar and the UN were involved in efforts to reach a truce, which a senior Islamic Jihad official said began at 06:00 (03:00 GMT) on Wednesday.

"The Palestinian factions have responded positively to the efforts of Egypt and many parties to cease fire," the official told the BBC. "If the occupation [Israel] carries out any aggression, there will be a strong response from the resistance."

Islamic Jihad and Hamas also demanded that Israel hand over the body of Khader Adnan to his family for burial.

A car was damaged by shrapnel from a Palestinian rocket in the Israeli city of Sderot on Tuesday

Tensions had flared with the death of the 45-year-old, who had been in and out of detention by Israel over the past two decades.

He had been on hunger strike four times before in protest, helping to make his name well known to Palestinians.

While Palestinian prisoners in Israel jails often take a stand by refusing food, this is believed to have been the first such death in three decades.

Adnan began a fifth hunger strike immediately after being detained by Israeli forces at his home in Arraba, near the city of Jenin in the north of the occupied West Bank, on 5 February.

Israeli authorities accused him of supporting terrorism, affiliation with a terrorist group and incitement, and he was due to go on trial this month.

But the Palestinian prisoners' rights group Addameer said he was being held on "spurious charges intended to further suppress Palestinian activists".

Last week, the Palestinian Prisoners' Club, another advocacy group, warned that Adnan's health situation was "very serious". It said he was refusing nutritional supplements and medical examinations.

Adnan's wife, Randa Mousa, said he was doing that because Israeli authorities had "refused to transfer him to a civilian hospital [and] refused to allow his lawyer a visit".

On Tuesday, the Israel Prison Service announced that Adnan was "found early this morning in his cell unconscious", and that was taken to a hospital where he was declared dead after efforts to revive him failed.

A senior Israeli official told AFP news agency that Adnan had risked his life by refusing medical attention, adding: "In recent days, the military appeal court decided against releasing him from detention solely on the merit of his medical condition."

However, Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Mohammed Shtayyeh said Israel had "carried out a deliberate assassination against the prisoner Khader Adnan by rejecting his request for his release, neglecting him medically, and keeping him in his cell despite the seriousness of his health condition."

Khader Adnan's widow, Randa Mousa, said she wanted no bloodshed because of his death

Randa Mousa said she did not want people to grieve her husband's death.

"We will only receive well-wishers, because this martyrdom is [like] a wedding, a [moment of] pride for us and a crown on our heads," she told journalists in Arraba, according to AFP.

She also insisted she did not want "a drop of blood to be shed" in retaliation.

The fate of their prisoners in Israel is a top issue for Palestinians, who hold Israel responsible for their well-being.

There are some 4,900 Palestinians in Israeli prisons, according to Addameer.

Most are serving sentences after being convicted by Israeli courts or are being held for questioning, have been charged, or are awaiting or standing trial. It says another 1,016 are in "administrative detention", a controversial measure under which suspects are held indefinitely without charge or trial for renewable six-month periods. Palestinians regard all those held by Israel as political prisoners.

Addameer says the deportation of Palestinians from the occupied West Bank to prisons in Israel is illegal under international law. Palestinians also protest that it makes prison visits difficult because of strict conditions on Palestinians entering Israel from the West Bank.

A man has become the first alleged neo-Nazi to be placed under special government powers for monitoring and controlling suspected terrorists, it has emerged.

The man, who is in his 20s, can only be referred to publicly as LXB.

Last year, he was subjected to terrorism prevention measures which place strict limits on what a person can do.

He appeared in court on Friday after admitting he had breached the measures.

LXB has previously been suspected by the authorities of having the potential to carry out a terrorist attack.

Last week he pleaded guilty to two breaches of the measures by having a video camera and memory card without prior approval from the Home Office.

During a hearing at the Old Bailey on Friday, the defendant appeared by video link from prison and was remanded in custody. Sentencing was adjourned until 8 August.

Kate Wilkinson, prosecuting, said LXB had "serious previous convictions".

Terrorism prevention and investigation measures, known as TPIMs, allow the authorities to monitor and control people considered to be terrorists - but who are not facing criminal charges.

MI5 advises the government about who should be subjected to TPIMs.

Subjects face measures such as wearing an electronic tag, being relocated to different parts of the UK, bans on internet use, and limits on who they can meet and where they can go.

Everyone subjected to a TPIM is given legal anonymity and referred to using a cipher. If the measures are breached, the subject can be prosecuted and jailed.

The press and public only ever learn details of individual TPIM subjects when they end up in court for breaches, or for High Court reviews of the measures.

The BBC has previously investigated the use of TPIMs, including how the government was using them to limit activities of the banned al-Muhajiroun, a group which has been linked to multiple attacks and plots in the UK and abroad.

LXB is the first suspected right-wing extremist to have been subjected to a TPIM since the powers were created in 2011.

He is the 29th person to be placed under a TPIM. All the previous 28 subjects were suspected Islamist extremists.

The measures are controversial, with the independent reviewer for terrorism legislation - Jonathan Hall KC - previously saying they were increasingly being used on people with mental health issues.
• None The powers being used to disrupt a terror group

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

People are making desperate attempts to flee Sudan after more than a week of fighting there, the Red Cross says.

The situation was now "untenable" for civilians left without food or water, and some hospitals had stopped working, spokeswoman Alyona Synenko said.

Convoys leaving the capital Khartoum had encountered robbery and looting, US Secretary of State Antony Blinken said.

People getting out of Khartoum spoke of corpses left lying on the street.

"We saw bodies everywhere - there's no security whatsoever so nobody dares go collect them - but there's utter destruction too. Everything is just devastated," Italian NGO boss Stefano Rebora told the BBC.

South African diplomat Clayson Monyela said all routes out of Khartoum - a city of six million people - were "risky and dangerous".

"The airport remains closed, the fighting continues," he told the BBC. He reiterated a call for a ceasefire to allow people to leave, and aid to enter.

Sudan was suffering an "internet blackout" with connectivity at 2% of ordinary levels, monitoring group NetBlocks said on Monday. In Khartoum, the internet has been down since Sunday night.

Meanwhile, water and electricity have been restored to some parts of the capital, but not all of them.

One Nigerian student told the BBC: "The taps are outside in the street and that's the scary part - sometimes we are going out to get water but there is shooting or explosions going on, so we just have to run there and get the water and come back."

Numerous countries have evacuated their civilians - and thousands of other people have made risky escapes.

Many of those who have left Khartoum have headed to other parts of the country where they have family ties - leaving parts of the city centre completely deserted.

Others have gone north to Egypt by bus, or headed south.

Officials in neighbouring South Sudan said the roughly 10,000 refugees who had arrived in recent days came from Eritrea, Kenya and Uganda - as well as from Sudan and South Sudan themselves.

Multiple countries have stepped up efforts to evacuate diplomats and civilians from Khartoum.

By Monday about 1,100 European Union citizens had been taken out of Sudan, an EU diplomatic source told the BBC. The bloc believed about 1,700 EU citizens had been in Sudan when the fighting began.

The US said it had airlifted fewer than 100 people by helicopter on Sunday in a "fast and clean" operation. The American embassy in Khartoum is now closed, and a tweet on its official feed says it is not safe for the government to evacuate private US citizens.

The UK government airlifted British diplomats and their families out of the country. Foreign Minister James Cleverly said options to evacuate remaining Britons were "severely limited". Canada has evacuated its diplomatic staff.

Turkey - a key player in Sudan - began evacuation efforts by road from the southern city of Wad Medani on Sunday, but plans from one site in Khartoum were postponed after a nearby explosion.

More than 150 people - mostly citizens of Gulf countries, as well as Egypt, Pakistan and Canada - were evacuated by sea to Saudi Arabia.

Long lines of UN vehicles and buses were seen leaving Khartoum on Sunday, heading east towards Port Sudan on the Red Sea and carrying "citizens from all over the world", a Sierra Leonean evacuee told AFP news agency.

However many foreign students from Africa, Asia and the Middle East are among the foreigners still trapped in Khartoum.

The western region of Darfur - where the RSF first emerged - has also been badly affected by the fighting.

The UN has warned that up to 20,000 people - mostly women and children - have fled Sudan to seek safety in Chad, across the border from Darfur.

However in other parts of the country, some semblance of normalcy has emerged.

In Omdurman, across the Nile from Khartoum, there has been less gunfire and explosions than in previous days, possibly to allow civilians to leave. Heavy fighting outside the army headquarters has stopped.

As a result, for the first time since hostilities broke out more than a week ago, women and children have been out on the streets, visiting neighbours and going to markets, which still have some basic supplies such as oil and wheat. There are long queues outside the few bakeries that remain open.

More than 400 people have died in the conflict, and thousands have been injured, according to the latest tally from the World Health Organization. But it is feared the true toll is much higher.

Several ceasefires that seemed to have been agreed were subsequently ignored - including a three-day pause to mark the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Fitr, which started on Friday.

The UN's World Food Programme says the fighting could plunge millions more Sudanese into hunger in a country where a third of the population already struggles to get enough to eat.

Last updated on .From the section Cycling

Mark Cavendish broke a collarbone as he crashed out of what is set to be his final Tour de France before retirement.

The Manxman, 38, was involved in an innocuous-looking crash about 60km from the finish of stage eight - a 200.7km run from Libourne to Limoges.

Cavendish had started this year's Tour on 34 stage victories - sharing the record with Belgian legend Eddy Merckx.

Jasper Philipsen denied him a 35th win during Friday's stage, then came second behind Mads Pedersen on Saturday.

Cavendish's race came to a premature end when he hit the deck after touching wheels with Pello Bilbao. With pain etched on his face, he was helped into the back of an ambulance and taken to hospital in Perigueux.

His Astana Qazaqstan team confirmed initial suspicions he had broken a collarbone, and said the break had also impacted on a previous shoulder injury.

"Everyone in the team is hurting," said Mark Renshaw, who was Cavendish's lead-out man from 2009-2011 and in 2016 and joined Astana as a sprint adviser prior to the Tour.

"It's hard because we know his shape's here, we know he has the legs. I won't lie, I cried."

Cavendish was the fifth rider to abandon this year's Tour, after Enric Mas, Richard Carapaz, Jacopo Guarnieri and Luis Leon Sanchez.

Steff Cras later became the sixth after a late pile-up involving Simon Yates and Mikel Landa. Belgium's Cras - a general classification contender - blamed a spectator for causing the crash.

Cavendish made his Tour debut in 2007 and has failed to finish seven of his 14 appearances.

He did not compete in last year's race, having won four stages in 2021 to move level with five-time Tour winner Merckx.

'Everybody here wanted him to win one stage' - reaction from the peloton

Two-time champion Tadej Pogacar: "When I heard he had crashed, it was a sad moment because he was in good shape. I think everybody here wanted him to win one stage and yesterday he was super close. It's a bad moment.

"He was one of my favourites when we were kids. Him sprinting on the Champs-Elysees.... we just wanted to have his style and his legs. They were good moments."

Race leader Jonas Vingegaard: "I spoke with him a few times in my first Tour de France and again this year.

"He is a super nice guy and I would have loved to have seen him take the 35th stage win. I still remember when I was a kid and I was watching him and all his celebrations. He was my big idol.

"It is really a shame for him and I hope he is OK."

Stage winner Mads Pedersen: "It was a pleasure to be able to ride with Mark Cavendish. I always had a good relationship with him in the peloton. It's so sad for a legend to finish the Tour like this.

"He still owes me a jersey, for a jersey swap. Hopefully I can do some of the last races he does."

There have been a few fairytale moments in the career of Mark Cavendish, and taking sole ownership of the Tour stage win record he shares with Belgian legend Eddy Merckx was looking more and more likely to be another.

He was pipped on the line the previous stage - his explosive, low-set style becoming more effective as the race went on.

But a low-profile shunt in the middle of the peloton at relatively low speed appears to have ended one of the most high-profile and glittering relationships ever with this famous three-week race.

The 38-year-old has terrified rivals in France since 2008 with a spirited, no-nonsense approach to the sport that complemented his 'Manx Missile' nickname.

Cavendish has said the record itself was of little importance to him - more so his ability to fight, and win, in the moment.

And you can't put a number on that.

What else happened on stage eight?

Pedersen, who won in Saint-Etienne last year, claimed his second stage win at a Tour after benefiting from the superb work of his Lidl-Trek team in the closing kilometres.

While Vingegaard retained the yellow jersey, the late crash meant Briton Yates lost 47 seconds and dropped from fourth to sixth in the general classification.

He slipped 21 seconds behind his twin brother Adam, who is fifth overall and now the highest-placed British rider.

On Sunday, the race will travel 182.4km from Saint-Leonard-de-Noblat to the the dormant volcano of Puy de Dome, where the steep final climb is expected to ignite another GC battle.
• None Is hydrogen the solution to our energy needs? The Inquiry explores the potential of replacing our fossil-fuel usage with hydrogen
• None How did Mitchell Johnson rise from the ashes? The former Australia bowler talks about restoring his reputation following his public ridicule in 2010

On Monday, thousands of junior doctors in England will start a 72-hour strike. They want a 35% pay rise. Yet doctors are among the highest paid in the public sector. So why do they have the biggest pay claim?

The origins of the walkout by British Medical Association members - the biggest by doctors in the history of the NHS - can be found in a series of discussions on social media platform Reddit in late 2021.

A collection of junior doctors were expressing their dissatisfaction about pay.

The numbers chatting online grew quickly and by January 2022 it had led to the formation of the campaign group Doctors Vote, with the aim of restoring pay to the pre-austerity days of 2008.

The group began spreading its message via social media - and, within months, its supporters had won 26 of the 69 voting seats on the BMA ruling council, and 38 of the 68 on its junior doctor committee.

Dr Vivek Trivedi and Dr Rob Laurenson stood for BMA election on a Doctors Vote platform

Two of those who stood on the Doctors Vote platform - Dr Rob Laurenson and Dr Vivek Trivedi - became co-chairs of the committee.

"It was simply a group of doctors connecting up the dots," Dr Laurenson says. "We reflect the vast majority of doctors," he adds, pointing to the mandate from the wider BMA junior doctor membership - 77% voted and of those, 98% backed strike action.

Among some of the older BMA heads, though, there is a sense of disquiet at the new guard. One senior doctor who has now stood down from a leadership role says: "They're undoubtedly much more radical than we have seen before. But they haven't read the room - the pay claim makes them look silly."

Publicly, the BMA prefers not to talk about wanting a pay rise. Instead, it uses the term "pay restoration" - to reverse cuts of 26% since 2008. This is the amount pay has fallen once inflation is taken into account.

To rectify a cut of 26% requires a bigger percentage increase because the amount is lower. This is why the BMA is actually after a 35% increase - and it is a rise it is calling for to be paid immediately.

The argument is more complicated than the ones put forward by most other unions - and because of that it has raised eyebrows.

Firstly, no junior doctor has seen pay cut by 26% in that period. There are five core pay points in the junior doctor contract with each a springboard to the next. It means they move up the pay scale over time until they finish their training.

A junior doctor in 2008 may well be a consultant now, perhaps earning four times in cash terms what they were then.

Secondly, the 26% figure uses the retail price index (RPI) measure of inflation, which the Office for National Statistics says is a poor way to look at rising prices. Using the more favoured consumer price index measure, the cut is 16% - although the BMA defends its use of RPI as it takes into account housing costs.

"The drop in pay is also affected by the start-year chosen," Lucina Rolewicz, of the Nuffield Trust think tank, says. A more recent start date will show a smaller decline, as would going further back in the 2000s.

Another way of looking at pay is comparing it with wages across the economy by looking at where a job sits in terms of the lowest to highest earners.

The past decade has not been a boom time for wage growth in many fields, as austerity and the lack of economic growth has held back incomes.

Last year, the independent Doctors' and Dentists' Remuneration Body looked at this. It found junior doctors had seen their pay, relative to others, fall slightly during the 2010s, but were still among the highest earners, with doctors fresh out of university immediately finding themselves in the top half of earners, while those at the end of training were just outside the top 10%.

Then, of course, career prospects have to be considered. Consultants earn well more than £100,000 on average, putting them in the top 2%. GP partners earn even more.

A pension of more than £60,000 a year in today's prices also awaits those reaching such positions.

But while the scale of the pay claim is new, dissatisfaction with working conditions and pay pre-date the rise of the Doctors Vote movement.

Studying medicine at university takes five years, meaning big debts for most. Dr Trivedi says £80,000 of student loans are often topped up by private debt.

On top of that, doctors have to pay for ongoing exams and professional membership fees. Their junior doctor training can see them having to make several moves across the country and with little control over the hours they work.

This lasts many years - junior doctors can commonly spend close to a decade in training.

It is clearly hard work. And with services getting increasingly stretched, it is a job that doctors say is leaving them "demoralised, angry and exhausted", Dr Trivedi says, adding: "Patient care is being compromised."

But while medicine is undoubtedly tough, it remains hugely attractive.

Junior doctor posts in the early years are nearly always filled - it is not until doctors begin to specialise later in their training that significant gaps emerge in some specialities such as end-of-life care and sexual health.

Looking at all doctor vacancy rates across the NHS around 6% of posts are unfilled - for nurses it is nearly twice that level.

Many argue there is still a shortage - with not enough training places or funded doctor posts in the NHS in the first place.

But the fact the problems appear more severe in other NHS roles is a key reason why the government does not seem to be in a hurry to prioritise doctors - formal pay talks to avert strikes have begun with unions representing the rest of the workforce

"If we have some money to give a pay rise to NHS staff," a source close to the negotiations says, "doctors are not at the front of the queue."

Are you taking part in the strike action? Has your appointment been cancelled or delayed? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Aldi has given its store employees the third pay rise in 12 months, joining other companies who have boosted wages because of a labour shortage.

The supermarket group will lift starting pay to £11.40 an hour nationally and to £12.85 in Greater London.

Depending on length of service, some staff could secure rates of up to £13.15 an hour. Retailers including Tesco have made similar moves recently as firms try to retain staff struggling with high living costs.

Earlier this month, Pret a Manger gave staff their third pay rise in a year.

The pay rise comes after recent data revealed there are more than one million job vacancies in the UK. This is below the peak of 1.2 million but still far higher than the number recorded before the start of the pandemic.

A spokesman for Aldi said the latest pay increase was in recognition of cost of living pressures as well as labour shortages.

It said the new starting rates, which were increasing by 40p, were higher than the Real Living Wage of £10.90 per hour nationally and £11.95 in Greater London.

The German discounter said 28,000 store employees will benefit from the pay rise while its 7,000 warehouse workers received pay increases earlier this year.

The supermarket is set to create more than 6,000 new jobs this year as it expands its network of stores.

UK firms could gain access to US green funding as part of plans to boost UK and US ties announced by Rishi Sunak and Joe Biden.

The pair unveiled the Atlantic Declaration, to strengthen economic ties between the two countries, at a White House press conference.

The PM said the agreement, which falls short of a full trade deal would bring benefits "as quickly as possible".

UK electric car firms may get access to US green tax credits and subsidies.

As the pair unveiled their partnership to bolster economic security, Mr Sunak said the UK-US relationship was an "indispensable alliance".

The Atlantic Declaration, includes commitments on easing trade barriers, closer defence industry ties and a data protection deal and steps up co-operation on AI.

Asked by BBC Political Editor Chris Mason whether the new deal was an "acknowledgement of the failure" to strike a broader trade agreement between the UK and US, Mr Sunak said today's deal "responds to particular challenges and opportunities we face right now".

A UK-US free trade agreement was a key pledge in the Conservative Party's 2019 general election manifesto.

Mr Sunak insisted the more targeted approach of the declaration was about "what can do the most benefit to our citizens as quickly as possible".

"Be in no doubt, the economic relationship between our two countries has never been stronger," Mr Sunak said.

Plans for a full free trade agreement were abandoned months ago. On the plane ride over to Washington Mr Sunak said: "For a while now, that has not been a priority for either the US or UK."

However, Labour's shadow foreign secretary David Lammy criticised Mr Sunak, saying the government has left "Britain's cupboards bare" by not securing a trade deal.

"This statement shows the government has failed to deliver the comprehensive trade deal they promised in the 2019 manifesto, or to secure the ally status under the Inflation Reduction Act that is so important for the automotive sector and for the green transition," Mr Lammy said.

Mr Biden said the special relationship with the UK was in "real good shape", referring to their co-operation on Ukraine.

"Together we are providing economic and humanitarian aid and security systems to Ukraine in their fight against a brutal invasion from Russia," he said.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The Atlantic Declaration includes plans to mitigate some of the impact of the US flagship Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) on the UK economy, with proposals to remove barriers which affected trade in electric vehicle batteries.

Under current policy, the IRA provides tax credit worth $3,750 (£3,000) for each electric vehicle (EV) manufactured in the US, or which use components mined, processed or manufactured in the country.

The UK is already a net exporter of raw materials for EV batteries to the US. But nations without a US trade deal are barred from accessing IRA subsidies.

The Atlantic Declaration commits the UK and US to working on a new critical minerals agreement - which would give buyers of vehicles made using critical minerals processed, recycled or mined by UK companies access to tax credits.

The declaration says the agreement would be launched after consultation with US Congress.

Japan already has a similar deal, which allows Japanese firms to also swerve export duties on minerals used in producing EV batteries.

The declaration also includes a commitment to a "new UK-US Data Bridge" which would allow UK firms to transfer data freely to certified US organisations without paying a levy.

Downing Street estimate the change will affect around 55,000 UK businesses - translating into £92.4m in direct savings per year.

Mr Biden also supported Mr Sunak's plans to set up an international summit on AI safety which will be hosted in the UK later this year.

The prime minister said: "The UK and US have always pushed the boundaries of what two countries can achieve together.

"So it is natural that, when faced with the greatest transformation in our economies since the industrial revolution, we would look to each other to build a stronger economic future together.

"The Atlantic Declaration sets a new standard for economic cooperation, propelling our economies into the future so we can protect our people, create jobs and grow our economies together."

Both Mr Biden and Mr Sunak agreed to carry out work to improve the resilience of supply chains and efforts will be stepped up to shut Vladimir Putin's Russia out of the global civil nuclear market.

Rupert Murdoch agreed a last-minute settlement, which avoided a trial in the defamation case

The 19 July 2011 was the "most humble day" of Rupert Murdoch's life.

On that day in 2011, the world's most powerful media mogul was called before Parliament's culture and media committee as the phone hacking scandal engulfed his UK newspaper operations.

The final straw had been the revelation that the News of the World had listened in to the voicemails of the murdered schoolgirl Milly Dowler.

The horror of it still resonates (and the story of phone hacking is far from over).

Back then, Murdoch's damage limitation exercise was swift. He shut down the 168-year-old newspaper and apologised privately to the Dowler family.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Rupert Murdoch: "This is the most humble day of my life"

The man who has had such a hold over Britain's media since he arrived in London in the late 1960s to buy the News of the World was forced into that humiliating one-liner.

"This is the most humble day of my life," he told MPs (with the theatre of the event heightened by his then wife Wendi Deng later launching herself at a protester who attacked her husband with a custard pie).

Now Murdoch has been forced into another humiliating climbdown, this time in relation to his US operations.

Yet again, it's the Murdoch empire's approach to truth that is in the spotlight.

Fox News argued it was fighting a court case against voting machine company Dominion in the interests of free speech, a US First Amendment right.

Instead, it appeared that the network relegated fact-based journalism for fiction in the wake of America's 2020 presidential election.

Some of Fox News' most prominent personalities had been expected to testify in the Dominion lawsuit trial

We already know, from Fox News emails and messages published in February as part of the legal case, that many Fox executives and presenters didn't believe claims of voter fraud - but broadcast them anyway.

The network carried on giving a platform to people endorsing the views of Donald Trump and his supporters that the election had been stolen - in part, it seems, because it didn't want to upset its viewers.

Former president Donald Trump, pictured at the NRA annual meeting last week, repeatedly claimed the 2020 election was stolen

Suzanne Scott, the Fox News Media chief executive, told Murdoch just before rioters stormed the US Capitol in January 2021 that the channel needed to be careful about "pissing off the viewers".

With 7,000 documents now in the public domain, there has already been a lot of damaging material to chew over. Huge questions remain over the impact Fox News and its broadcasts had over the divisions apparently tearing the US apart. Truth took a back seat and the impact is still being felt.

Perhaps, for Murdoch, the final straw was the prospect of facing another public humiliation, this time in court. Fox's lawyers had failed to persuade the judge that he shouldn't be called to the stand.

Along with his son Lachlan, Fox Corporation's executive chairman and CEO, Rupert Murdoch would have had to give evidence.

Rupert Murdoch and and his son Lachlan were both expected to give evidence in the trial

And it's clear Dominion's lawyers would not have settled for a one-liner from the media mogul.

"The most humble day of my life" simply wouldn't have cut it. It would have been hugely embarrassing.

Although the case never reached trial and the Murdochs never took the stand, reputationally the damage surely equals that of the hacking scandal.

So where does this leave the man who has been integral to the fabric of the media landscape in the UK, the US and Australia for so long?

Ruthlessness and risk-taking built the Murdoch empire, whether that was his victory over the print unions in the early days of his ownership of the Times and Sunday Times, or his determination to create the right-wing Fox News, credited with helping get Trump elected in 2016.

Rupert Murdoch pictured with Donald Trump in 2016, before the US election that saw Trump become president

His critics will be crowing over the Dominion settlement.

On CNN, presenter Jake Tapper (who said it was difficult to report the outcome "with a straight face") called it "one of the ugliest and most embarrassing moments in the history of journalism".

And this isn't the end of the matter. Another voting software company, Smartmatic, is also suing Fox over its broadcasts about voter fraud. It could be even more costly. Smartmatic wants more than Dominion - $2.7bn (£2.2bn) in defamation damages.

In the UK, the Murdoch empire has already paid out many millions in damages to people who accused it of phone hacking.

Prince Harry is trying to take Murdoch's News Group Newspapers to court over alleged phone hacking

Prince Harry is part of a group of claimants trying to take Murdoch's News Group Newspapers, which includes the Sun, to court over alleged phone hacking.

How damaging will all this be?

The $787.5m payout to Dominion is a huge amount. But Fox's revenue in the last quarter of 2022, for example, was $4.6bn (£3.7bn) - and the share price has barely moved in light of the settlement.

Perhaps there's a lesson to learn from 2011. At the time, the horrific story of the News of the World's exploitation of Millie Dowler's murder felt to many like a watershed.

The News of the World newspaper printed its final edition in 2011

It cost the empire dearly in the short term - but, while the phone hacking fallout and financial outlay are ongoing, Murdoch's influence has only spread since then.

He's older now, at 92. He has also suffered a more personal embarrassment recently. Having announced a new engagement and his plans to spend the "second half of our lives together", just a few weeks later the marriage plans were off.

But if we've learned one thing over the past half a century, it's that you underestimate Rupert Murdoch at your peril.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

A man who shot dead seven people in Germany was visited by police last month after a tip-off raised concerns about his mental health.

He co-operated with officers and there were not enough grounds to take away his gun at the time, police said.

The 35-year-old suspect, named only as Philipp F, had a licence to own the weapon for sporting purposes.

The country is preparing a new law involving tighter curbs on gun ownership, the interior minister said.

Seven people, including an unborn baby, were killed in Thursday's attack which unfolded at a Jehovah's Witness meeting hall in the city.

The first emergency call came at 21:04 local time (20:04 GMT) to report that shots had been fired, and officers were on site four minutes later.

Video appeared to show the gunman firing through a window. He then stormed the building where dozens of people had gathered, firing nine magazines of ammunition before apparently turning the gun on himself after police arrived.

Eight people were injured, including a woman who was seven months pregnant. She survived but her unborn baby was killed.

Chancellor Olaf Scholz said the death toll could rise.

Floral tributes have been placed outside the Jehovah's Witness meeting hall in Hamburg

German Senator Andy Grote said "fast and decisive actions" by police officers saved many lives. He described the attack as the "worst crime" in Hamburg's recent history.

Officials said the suspect had "ill feelings" towards the religious community, of which he had previously been a member before leaving "on bad terms".

Jehovah's Witnesses are members of a Christian-based religious movement, founded in the US at the end of the 19th Century.

In its latest report from 2022, the movement says there are about 8.7 million Jehovah's Witnesses worldwide, including about 170,000 in Germany. In the city of Hamburg, there are believed to be nearly 4,000 members.

On Friday, Hamburg Police Chief Ralf Martin Meyer said officers visited the man in February after they received an anonymous letter claiming he "bore particular anger toward religious believers, in particular toward Jehovah's Witnesses".

The letter also said he "might be suffering from a mental illness, although it had not been medically diagnosed".

Police said he was co-operative and had an open conversation with the officers. "The bottom line is that an anonymous tip in which someone says they're worried a person might have a psychological illness, isn't in itself a basis for [such] measures," Chief Meyer said.

Forensic experts worked at the scene of the shooting on Deelböge street through the night but have since left the area.

Mourners have left floral tributes near to the front door. One man, holding his little boy and girl by the hand, told the BBC he tried to come home last night but his way was blocked by police wielding assault rifles.

Germany already has some of the strictest gun laws in Europe, including a clause that anyone aged under 25 must pass a psychological evaluation before getting a licence.

In 2021, there were about one million private gun owners in Germany, according to the National Firearms Registry. They account for 5.7 million legal firearms and firearm parts, most of them owned by hunters.

After mass arrests were made last December in relation to a suspected plot to overthrow the government, the German authorities have been under pressure to tighten the country's gun laws even further.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Graham Smith from the Republic campaign group was arrested on Coronation day

The Metropolitan Police has expressed "regret" over the arrests of six anti-monarchy protesters on Coronation day.

Republic chief executive Graham Smith, who was among the group, said he has now received a personal apology from police officers.

He said he did not accept the apology and would take legal action after no charges were brought against him.

The Met also confirmed it had used a controversial new law to detain the group.

Mr Smith said a chief inspector and two other officers visited his Reading home on Monday evening to issue the apology.

He told PA news agency: "They seemed rather embarrassed to be honest.

"I said for the record I won't accept the apology. We have a lot of questions to answer and we will be taking action."

Mr Smith, who is from Bristol, earlier said he wanted a "full inquiry" into the "disgraceful episode".

The Met said a review found there was no proof the six protesters, who were detained when their vehicle was stopped near the procession route, were planning to "lock on", a protesting tactic which is now banned.

Recent changes to the law, passed last week, make it illegal for protesters to use equipment to secure themselves to things like railings.

The Met said the group of six were detained after items were found in a vehicle which officers "had reasonable grounds to believe could be used as lock on devices".

But the force said it was "unable to prove intent to use them to lock on and disrupt the event".

One man in the group was also arrested for possession of a knife or pointed article.

The Met said it was "not clear at the time" to the arresting officers that "at least one of the group stopped had been engaging with police" about holding a lawful protest prior to the Coronation.

"We regret that those six people arrested were unable to join the wider group of protesters in Trafalgar Square and elsewhere on the procession route," a statement continued.

Now it has said all six people have had their bail cancelled and confirmed no further action will be taken.

Mr Smith said earlier on Monday that he had spent months consulting with officers about his group's protest plans, and said in a statement on Twitter that his group would be "speaking to lawyers about taking legal action".

He said he had been held for 16 hours on the morning of the Coronation after being stopped by officers who suspected him and group members of carrying "lock on" devices to tie themselves to inanimate objects.

"They also said they had intelligence, which is untrue," he told BBC Radio 4's Today programme.

"If they did have intelligence their intelligence officers are either lying or incompetent because there was never any discussion, thought, email, message, anything that suggested any intent to do anything disruptive."

Mr Smith added that, after months of discussions with the Met, the force had "repeatedly said, right up until Friday, that they had no concerns about our protest plans, that they were well aware of what we were going to do and they would engage with us and not disrupt us".

He continued: "So they've repeatedly lied about their intentions, and I believe they had every intention of arresting us prior to doing so."

Mr Smith also rejected suggestions his arrest, along with other protesters, was necessary to limit disruption to the Coronation.

Former cabinet minister David Davis was the only Conservative MP to vote against the changes to the Public Order Bill, which criminalised protesters using lock-on measures.

He said that the legislation should be scrutinised by the Home Affairs Select Committee to ensure it is understood and implemented fairly.

He told the Today programme: "There's too many elements of the law that are too crude and too broadly defined.

"What the government said was that it expects the police to come up with standards of behaviour. That's very woolly. If we're going to do that, we should do it properly, do it centrally, with the same level of democracy in the whole country.

"No-one wants a day ruined, but the right to put up placards is virtually absolute in British democracy."

Former Greater Manchester police chief Sir Peter Fahy said he gave evidence in parliament expressing his concern that the new law was "poorly defined and far too broad".

"We see the consequences of that, particularly for the poor police officers who have to make sense of legislation that was only passed a few days ago," he told the Today programme.

"This law could affect all sorts of protests in your local community, and this legislation could be used against you, and the police would be under pressure.

"The government have actually reduced the amount of discretion the police have in getting the balance right."

Shadow housing minister Lisa Nandy said "clearly something has gone wrong" in the handling of Mr Smith's case, and expressed her support for a review into the matter, which has been requested by the Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan.

However, she said Labour was not committing to "wholesale repeal" of the new law introduced by the Conservatives last week, which has been criticised for clamping down on the rights of peaceful protesters.

She told BBC Breakfast: "One of the questions we have is 'why was it that this group were clearly in contact with the Met, had informed them about their plans, and yet still ended up arrested up and prevented from protesting?'.

"If there is a problem with the legislation, of course we'll rectify that in government, but we're not into wholesale repeal of legislation without understanding what the actual problem is first."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Earlier, Met Police Federation chairman Ken Marsh said officers "police without fear or favour," insisting the force had done "an incredible job" policing the Coronation.

He told the Today programme: "We have to take into consideration everything that at that moment is put in front of us. If individuals intend to cause an incident which will affect others near them or around them... then we take action to deal with it.

"Protesting can take place in this country, but it's to the level of which you perform that protesting that we have to balance and deal with."

Hundreds of protesters gathered across the UK as the Coronation took place.

Ms Carroll smiled to reporters as she left the courthouse

A jury in a civil case has found former President Donald Trump sexually abused a magazine columnist in a New York department store in the 1990s.

But Mr Trump was found not liable for raping E Jean Carroll in the dressing room of Bergdorf Goodman.

The jury also found Mr Trump liable for defamation for calling the writer's accusations "a hoax and a lie".

It is the first time Mr Trump has been found legally responsible for a sexual assault.

The Manhattan jury ordered Mr Trump to pay her about $5m (£4m) in damages.

The jury of six men and three women reached their decision after less than three hours of deliberations on Tuesday.

"Today, the world finally knows the truth," Ms Carroll said in a written statement following the verdict. "This victory is not just for me but for every woman who has suffered because she was not believed."

Mr Trump's lawyer said the former president plans to appeal against the decision.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Because the trial was in civil court rather than criminal, Mr Trump will not be required to register as a sex offender.

The former president - who has denied Ms Carroll's accusations - did not attend the two-week civil trial in the Manhattan federal court.

Ms Carroll, 79, held the hands of both her lawyers as the verdict was read in court and smiled as she was awarded damages by the jury.

Mr Trump's lawyer, Joe Tacopina, shook her hand as the trial ended, telling her: "Congratulations and good luck."

Roberta Kaplan, a lawyer for the plaintiff said in a statement: "This is a victory not only for E Jean Carroll, but for democracy itself, and for all survivors everywhere."

After the verdict, Mr Trump, 76, posted on his social media platform Truth Social in all capital letters: "I have absolutely no idea who this woman is.

"This verdict is a disgrace - a continuation of the greatest witch hunt of all time!"

The standard of proof in civil cases is lower than in criminal cases, meaning that jurors were only required to find that it was more likely than not that Mr Trump assaulted Ms Carroll.

While the jury found Mr Trump liable for sexual battery and defamation of Ms Carroll, they did not find Mr Trump liable of raping her. To do so, the jury would have needed to have been convinced that Mr Trump had engaged in non-consensual sexual intercourse with Ms Carroll.

The trial saw a tense cross-examination between Ms Carroll and Mr Trump's attorneys.

Her legal team called 11 witnesses to corroborate her claims that Mr Trump had assaulted her in the lingerie department of the luxury store in 1995 or 1996.

They included two women who also say they were sexually assaulted by Mr Trump decades ago. One woman told jurors that Mr Trump groped her during a flight in the 1970s. Another woman said that Mr Trump had forcibly kissed her while she was interviewing him for an article she was writing in 2005.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Two long-time friends of Ms Carroll testified that she told them about the encounter shortly after it occurred.

On the stand, Ms Carroll described in graphic detail what she alleges happened in the store and the trauma she says she has endured as a result.

"I'm here because Donald Trump raped me and when I wrote about it, he lied and said it didn't happen," she told the court.

Mr Trump called no witnesses and appeared only in a video of a deposition that was played for jurors in which he denied rape.

"It's the most ridiculous, disgusting story," Mr Trump said in the footage. "It's just made up."

Ms Carroll's lawsuit also argued that Mr Trump had defamed her in an October 2022 post on his social media site in which he called her claims a "complete con job" and "a Hoax and a lie".

Her legal team argued Mr Trump had acted as a "witness against himself" during the deposition when he doubled down on comments he made in a 2005 recording.

In the audio, known as the Access Hollywood tape and leaked in 2016, Mr Trump suggested women let stars "do anything" to them, including grabbing their genitals.

That's what he did to Ms Carroll, her lawyer argued.

In the recorded video deposition, Mr Trump at one point confused Ms Carroll for his ex-wife, Marla Maples, which Ms Carroll's lawyers argued undermined his claim that she was "not his type".

Mr Tacopina sought to cast doubt on Ms Carroll's story, which he called "a work of fiction".

He questioned why Ms Carroll could not specify the date of the attack, arguing that it stripped Mr Trump of the chance to provide an alibi.

"With no date, no month, no year, you can't present an alibi, you can't call witnesses," Mr Tacopina said. "What they want is for you to hate him enough to ignore the facts."

Mr Tacopina also pressed her on why she did not report a crime to police or scream while it occurred.

The former Elle magazine columnist was able to bring the civil case against Mr Trump after New York passed the Adult Survivors Act in 2022.

The law allowed a one-year period for victims to file sexual assault lawsuits in the state involving claims that would have normally exceeded statute limitations.

The boss of John Lewis has said the company will always be owned by its staff, "no ifs, no buts" as employees backed her in a vote of confidence.

Dame Sharon White ruled out selling a stake in the business, but said the board could consider external investment in future if it was needed.

She previously was understood to be considering a change to its employee-owned structure after over 70-years.

But the move sparked anger from staff, who currently fully own the retailer.

As well as each owning a stake in the business, John Lewis and Waitrose staff - referred to by the company as partners - have a say in the way it is run and receive a share in its profits.

On Wednesday, the partners cast their votes in their usual biannual vote on the company's performance and leadership.

The votes are symbolic rather than binding.

Dame Sharon has been seeking radical ways to boost growth after making a huge loss last year and as it struggles to compete with High Street rivals.

However, she told staff she wanted to be "absolutely categorical, John Lewis would always be employee-owned".

"Our model is the very reason I joined the partnership because I believe profoundly in an approach of kinder capitalism in the 21st century," she added.

"It's what makes us special."

Dame Sharon did admit that "if at any point the partnership couldn't fund their plans through their own means, the board could consider external investment", but stressed that it would have to be in line with the partnership's original trust settlement.

She said it would also need the backing of the council who represent staff.

Wednesday's confidence vote was held during the all-day meeting, at the Odney Club, a John Lewis-owned retreat near Maidenhead, Berkshire.

Chris Earnshaw, president of the Partnership Council, said the group made up of staff members voted in support of Dame Sharon's leadership.

However, he said the council did not support last year's performance, following the full-year losses and no staff bonus.

The ballot has come at an awkward time for Dame Sharon, who has chaired John Lewis since 2020 and is trying to turn around its fortunes.

The chain has been struggling to compete with High Street rivals such as Amazon and Primark, while its supermarket chain, Waitrose, has underperformed Tesco and Aldi during the cost of living crisis.

The partnership posted its first annual loss, of £517m, in 2020 and has since announced a series of store closures. It also plans to cut £900m of costs by January 2026 and job losses are likely.

The retailer sparked anger in March, when it told its about 74,000 partners they would have to go without a bonus for the second time in three years.

Some 85% of fewer than 1,000 staff surveyed at the time said they were not confident in the company's ability to deliver its strategy.

In March, brand expert Mary Portas wrote an open letter to the partnership, saying one of the most "valued, loved, and trusted retail brands" in the UK had "let go" of its soul.

Ahead of the vote, GlobalData retail managing director Neil Saunders, a former partner at John Lewis, said there was a sense John Lewis had been a "bit on the back foot" and slow to react to changes in the retail markets compared with its rivals, such as Marks and Spencer.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: President Zelensky shared a video of the dam on Telegram

Thousands of people are being evacuated downstream of a major dam which has collapsed in Russian-held Ukraine.

President Volodymyr Zelensky said 80 towns and villages may be flooded after the destruction of the dam at Nova Kakhovka, which he blamed on Russia.

Water is surging down the Dnipro river, and is said to pose a catastrophic flooding risk to the city of Kherson.

Russia has denied destroying the dam - which it controls - instead blaming Ukrainian shelling.

Neither Ukraine nor Russia's claim has been verified by the BBC.

The Kakhovka dam, downstream from the huge Kakhovka reservoir, is crucial to the region.

It provides water to farmers and residents, as well as to the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant. It is also a vital channel carrying water south to Russian-occupied Crimea.

Ukraine's state-owned hydropower plants administrator Ukrhydroenergo warned that the peak of a water spill downstream from the emptying reservoir was expected on Wednesday morning.

It said this would be followed by a period of "stabilisation", with the water expected to rapidly recede in four to five days.

There are concerns about the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant - Europe's largest - which uses reservoir water for cooling.

The situation there is said to be under control and there is "no immediate nuclear safety risk" for the plant, according to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).

Video footage shows a torrent of floodwater gushing through a breach in the dam. Several towns are already flooded, while people in areas further downstream have been forced to flee by bus and train.

Abound 40,000 people need to be evacuated, Deputy Prosecutor-General Viktoriya Lytvynova said on Ukrainian television - 17,000 people in Ukraine-controlled territory west of the Dnipro River and 25,000 on the Russian-controlled east.

Also speaking on Ukrainian television, Interior Minister Ihor Klymenko said about 1,000 people had been evacuated so far and 24 settlements had been flooded.

He accused Russia of shelling the southern region of Kherson, from where people were being evacuated, and issued a warning about the dangers posed by mines being exposed by the rising water levels.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. A building is seen floating along the Dnipro river in the Kherson region

One local resident Andriy, who lives close to the dam - which was seized by Russian forces shortly after Moscow launched its full-scale invasion in February 2022 - said he believed Russia wanted to "drown" his city.

In the Ukraine-controlled city of Kherson, a woman called Lyudmyla - who was loading her belongings including a washing machine onto a trailer that was attached to an old car - said: "We're afraid of flooding. We're taking our things a little higher up."

She called for Russian forces to be "kicked out of here... they're shooting at us. They're flooding us or doing something else".

Another resident of the city, Serhiy, said he feared "everything is going to die here".

"All the living creatures, and people will be flooded out," he said, gesturing at nearby houses and gardens.

The city of Kherson is 50 miles downstream of the dam

On the Russian-seized riverbank of Nova Kakhovka, the Moscow-installed mayor Vladimir Leontyev said the city was underwater and 900 people had been evacuated.

He said 53 evacuation buses were being sent by the authorities to take people from the city and two other settlements nearby to safety.

Water levels had risen to over 11m (36ft) and some residents had been taken to hospital, he added.

The small town of Oleshky was also heavily flooded, Kremlin-appointed officials said.

The Kazkova Dibrova zoo on the Russian-held riverbank had been completely flooded and all 300 animals were dead, it said in a post on its Facebook page.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

It is not yet clear what caused the breach in the dam in the early hours of Tuesday, but Ukraine's military intelligence has accused Russia of deliberately blowing it up.

This seems plausible, as Moscow may have feared that Ukrainian forces would use the road over the dam to advance into Russian-held territory, as part of their counter-offensive.

For Russia, anxious to defend conquered territory in southern Ukraine, the dam represented an obvious problem.

Just as Ukrainian forces attacked road and rail bridges further downstream last autumn in a successful effort to isolate Russian forces in and around Kherson, Russia may have decided to destroy the dam to hold up Ukraine's counter-offensive, which it fears could come from multiple directions.

However, a Russian official claims Ukraine carried out the attack on the dam to detract from what they said were the failures of its counter-offensive and to deprive Crimea - Ukraine's southern peninsula illegally annexed by Russian in 2014 - of fresh water.

A major Ukrainian push has long been expected. Kyiv has said it would not give advance warning of its start but a recent increase in military activity is being seen as a fresh sign that the counter-offensive may have begun.

On Tuesday evening, President Zelensky said the dam destruction would not stop Ukraine. "We will still liberate all our land," he said in a video address.

Earlier in the day, Mr Zelensky held an urgent meeting of the country's security and defence council to discuss the issue.

An aerial image shows water pouring through what appears to be a breach in the dam

On Monday, Ukraine's deputy defence minister Hanna Maliar said Ukrainian forces had advanced around the "epicentre of hostilities" in Bakhmut, but did not say whether the counter-offensive had begun.

Bakhmut has for months been at the heart of fierce fighting. It has little strategic value - but is important symbolically both for Kyiv and Moscow.

Yuri Sak, an adviser to Ukraine's ministry of defence, told the BBC Radio 4's Today programme that phone intercepts suggest Russia wants to target more dams.

"They're actually calling to blow up more dams on the Dnipro river," he said.

Ukraine has branded the attack on the dam "ecocide" and said that 150 tonnes of engine oil has spilled into the Dnipro river.

Ukrhydroenergo said a power station linked to the dam had been "completely destroyed... the hydraulic structure is being washed away".

World leaders have laid the blame for the blast at Russia's door, with some calling it a war crime.

UK Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said that if Russia was found to be responsible for the collapse of the dam it would "demonstrate the new lows that we will have seen from Russian aggression".

The head of Nato, Jens Stoltenberg, said the destruction of the dam demonstrated once again the brutality of Russia's war in Ukraine, while Charles Michel, the president of the European Council, said he was "shocked by the unprecedented attack".

The Geneva Conventions explicitly ban targeting dams in war due to the danger it poses to civilians.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

International food charity World Central Kitchen (WCK) is suspending its operations in Gaza following the death of seven of its workers in an Israeli air strike.

Three of the killed aid workers were British citizens, WCK said.

The charity said those killed were part of an aid convoy that was leaving a warehouse in central Gaza on Monday.

WCK is one of the main suppliers of desperately needed aid to Gaza. It said that it would "be making decisions about the future of [its] work soon".

According to the charity, the aid convoy was hit while leaving the Deir al-Balah warehouse, "where the team had unloaded more than 100 tons of humanitarian food aid brought to Gaza on the maritime route."

The convoy was made up of three vehicles, including two that were armoured. The BBC understands that all three were hit in the strike.

WCK said it had co-ordinated the convoy's movements with the IDF when it was hit.

A Palestinian medical source told the BBC the workers had been wearing bullet-proof vests bearing the WCK logo.

The Palestine Red Crescent Society said it had recovered all seven bodies from the scene of the incident following a "challenging operation spanning several hours".

The humanitarian group added that the bodies had been taken to the Abu Yousef al-Najjar hospital in southern Gaza in preparation for their evacuation through the Rafah border crossing into Egypt.

Mr Netanyahu released a video message on Tuesday in which he said Israeli forces were behind the attack.

"Unfortunately, in the last 24 hours there was a tragic case of our forces unintentionally hitting innocent people in the Gaza Strip," he said.

"It happens in war, we check it to the end, we are in contact with the governments, and we will do everything so that this thing does not happen again."

The IDF had earlier said it was conducting a thorough review at the highest level to understand the circumstances of the "tragic incident".

"We will get to the bottom of this and we will share our findings transparently," IDF spokesperson Rear Adm Daniel Hagari vowed.

"The work of WCK is critical; they are on the frontlines of humanity."

Mr Hagari added that the IDF had been "working closely with the World Central Kitchen to assist them in fulfilling their noble mission of helping bring food and humanitarian aid to the people of Gaza".

According to WCK, the workers who died were Australian, Polish, British, Palestinian and a dual US-Canadian citizen.

"I am heartbroken and appalled that we - World Central Kitchen and the world - lost beautiful lives today because of a targeted attack by the IDF," the charity's chief executive Erin Gore said in a statement.

"The love they had for feeding people, the determination they embodied to show that humanity rises above all, and the impact they made in countless lives will forever be remembered and cherished."

According to Cogat, the Israeli defence ministry body in charge of co-ordinating aid deliveries to Gaza, the charity is responsible for 60% of the non-governmental aid getting into the territory.

WCK said in a recent statement that it had served more than 42 million meals to people in Gaza since October and had been ready to provide more than one million more.

The charity recently made headlines for providing hundreds of tonnes of food for Gazans that was transported on the first aid ship in March.

Aid agencies have started delivering aid by sea in order to increase the amount getting into the territory, which the UN says is on the brink of famine.

But following the deadly strike, a second US-based charity, the American Near East Refugee Aid (Anera), which was working closely with WCK, told the BBC it was also freezing its operations in Gaza.

Australian Prime Minister Anthony Albanese has confirmed that aid worker Lalzawmi "Zomi" Frankcom was among those killed and has offered his condolences to family and friends.

In a statement, he said: "This is someone who was volunteering overseas to provide aid through this charity for people who are suffering tremendous deprivation in Gaza. And this is just completely unacceptable."

He said Australia expected "full accountability", adding that it was a "tragedy that should never have occurred".

Wojciech Bakun, the mayor of the Polish city of Przemysl, said that Damian Soból, who was from the area, was also among those killed.

Mr Bakun described Mr Soból as a "fantastic boy", adding that no words could describe the feelings of those who knew him.

The Polish foreign ministry said it had received reports of the incident and was seeking urgent official confirmation from the Israeli government about the victim's identity.

"We extend our deepest condolences to the family of the Polish volunteer who was providing aid to the Palestinian people in the Gaza Strip," it wrote on X, formerly Twitter.

The UK Foreign Office said it was was urgently seeking further information about the incident.

UK Foreign Secretary Lord Cameron urged Israel to "immediately investigate and provide a full, transparent explanation of what happened".

Canadian Foreign Minister Mélanie Joly said she expected "full accountability" for the killings, adding that strikes on humanitarian personnel were "absolutely unacceptable".

The Palestinian killed in Monday's strike has been named as Saif Abu Taha - the driver of one of the cars in the convoy that was struck.

Adrienne Watson, a spokesperson for the White House National Security Council, said on X: "We are heartbroken and deeply troubled by the strike that killed [WCK] aid workers in Gaza.

"Humanitarian aid workers must be protected as they deliver aid that is desperately needed, and we urge Israel to swiftly investigate what happened."

More than 196 aid workers have been killed in Gaza since October, according to the US-funded Aid Worker Security Database, which records major incidents of violence against aid personnel. Not all have been killed in the line of duty.

Much of the Gaza Strip has been devastated during the Israeli military operations that began after Hamas gunmen attacked southern Israel on 7 October, killing about 1,200 people and seizing 253 hostages.

About 130 of the hostages remain in captivity, at least 34 of whom are presumed dead.

More than 32,916 people have been killed in Gaza since then, the Hamas-run health ministry says.

The locations of where WCK vehicles were hit

ChatGPT can answer questions using natural, human-like language and mimic other writing styles

A New York lawyer is facing a court hearing of his own after his firm used AI tool ChatGPT for legal research.

A judge said the court was faced with an "unprecedented circumstance" after a filing was found to reference example legal cases that did not exist.

The lawyer who used the tool told the court he was "unaware that its content could be false".

ChatGPT creates original text on request, but comes with warnings it can "produce inaccurate information".

The original case involved a man suing an airline over an alleged personal injury. His legal team submitted a brief that cited several previous court cases in an attempt to prove, using precedent, why the case should move forward.

But the airline's lawyers later wrote to the judge to say they could not find several of the cases that were referenced in the brief.

"Six of the submitted cases appear to be bogus judicial decisions with bogus quotes and bogus internal citations," Judge Castel wrote in an order demanding the man's legal team explain itself.

Over the course of several filings, it emerged that the research had not been prepared by Peter LoDuca, the lawyer for the plaintiff, but by a colleague of his at the same law firm. Steven A Schwartz, who has been an attorney for more than 30 years, used ChatGPT to look for similar previous cases.

In his written statement, Mr Schwartz clarified that Mr LoDuca had not been part of the research and had no knowledge of how it had been carried out.

Mr Schwartz added that he "greatly regrets" relying on the chatbot, which he said he had never used for legal research before and was "unaware that its content could be false".

He has vowed to never use AI to "supplement" his legal research in future "without absolute verification of its authenticity".

Screenshots attached to the filing appear to show a conversation between Mr Schwarz and ChatGPT.

"Is varghese a real case," reads one message, referencing Varghese v. China Southern Airlines Co Ltd, one of the cases that no other lawyer could find.

ChatGPT responds that yes, it is - prompting "S" to ask: "What is your source".

After "double checking", ChatGPT responds again that the case is real and can be found on legal reference databases such as LexisNexis and Westlaw.

It says that the other cases it has provided to Mr Schwartz are also real.

Both lawyers, who work for the firm Levidow, Levidow & Oberman, have been ordered to explain why they should not be disciplined at an 8 June hearing.

Millions of people have used ChatGPT since it launched in November 2022.

It can answer questions in natural, human-like language and it can also mimic other writing styles. It uses the internet as it was in 2021 as its database.

There have been concerns over the potential risks of artificial intelligence (AI), including the potential spread of misinformation and bias.

Death Valley, one of the hottest places on Earth, has reached at least as high as 128F (53.9C)

A heat dome over the US south-west has translated into extreme heat warnings from coast to coast, which continue to affect more than 110 million people.

Temperature records could be broken in as many as 38 cities.

In Las Vegas, the intense heatwave was threatening to break or tie the city's record high of 117F (47.2C).

It comes as soaring temperatures are also hitting southern Europe and Canada is battling the worst season of wildfires in its history.

Scientists have long warned that climate change linked to human activities will lead to an increase in the severity and frequency of extreme weather events.

Elsewhere in the south-western US, hundreds of firefighters have been battling brush fires in blistering heat and low humidity on the outskirts of Los Angeles.

Temperatures in Death Valley in California hit 128F (53.9C) on Sunday, according to the National Weather Service (NWS). It is the site of the hottest temperature ever reliably recorded on Earth: 134F (56.7C).

The usually crowded streets of Las Vegas were considerably emptier than normal on Sunday, with security guards monitoring the fountains of casinos and hotels to prevent people from jumping in.

The famous strip was a quiet inferno. Some people walked outside, but mostly just to cross the street to the next casino. And those who did exit were mostly intoxicated.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

When one couple was asked why they were outside, they said referring to one of the most popular hotels and casinos on the strip: "All roads lead to the Bellagio." Another group of young men shouted: "It's Vegas baby! The heat's not going to stop us!"

But elsewhere in Las Vegas, people were hanging on to any bit of shade, whether it came from the shadow of a building or even a small tree. At a taco shop on the strip, the tables were all full of patrons dripping with sweat and looking utterly wiped out from the heat. Workers too were draped in the booths, not speaking to each other, but fanning themselves down.

Inside the casinos, though, business continued. The air conditioning was blasting so high, people were wearing jumpers to stay warm, and there was no indication of devastating temperatures, other than the people walking in off the street with sweat streaming down their faces.

El Paso, in Texas, has seen temperatures of 100.4F (38C) and above for more than a month now, with no respite in sight.

In Phoenix, Arizona, temperatures have remained above 109.4F (43C) for 17 days. Thick cloud cover on Sunday meant the city was granted a modest reprieve from recent peaks, but daytime temperatures still reached highs of 114F (45.5C).

The heat is set to continue for the foreseeable future, and authorities are warning that vulnerable people - including children, pregnant women and the elderly - are at serious risk of heat-related illness.

Mobile clinics report treating homeless people suffering from third-degree burns. Public buildings in some parts of California and Nevada have been turned into "cooling centres" where people can take refuge from the heat.

Amid the extreme temperatures being seen in Death Valley, Park Ranger Matthew Lamar said: "We hadn't hit 130F (54.4C) here for over 100 years. And then in 2020, we got 130, in 2021 we got 130, and then we might hit it again this weekend."

He added that the weather was attracting tourists who wanted to "experience the extremes".

But some visitors said others should not lose sight of the fact that those extremes are a symptom of climate change.

Speaking to Reuters on Saturday, Tom Comitta said: "People are coming out here to celebrate this. People are excited. It's not a milestone. I'm calling it Happy Death Day."

A heat dome occurs when an area of high pressure pushes air towards the ground, compressing it and causing it to heat. The warmer air then rises again, setting up a cycle in which air sinks through the centre of the 'dome' and rises up its sides.

The pressure also prevents other weather systems that would cool the area - such as rain clouds - from forming.

The NWS has said that the current system in the southwestern US is "one of the strongest" of its kind to hit the region.

The Weather Channel has said the dome will expand across the nation's south by the middle of next week - meaning other southern US states will see temperatures rise.

Meanwhile, other parts of the US are bracing themselves for severe thunderstorms and flash floods - and north-eastern states could experience another bout of poor air quality as a result of the continuing wildfires in Canada.

"As if the rain coming out of the sky isn't enough, if you start looking up tomorrow, you're going to see a similar situation in what we had a couple of weeks ago because of the air quality degradation [from the wildfires]," New York Governor Kathy Hochul said at a press conference. "And as I said before, this is possibly our new normal."

The world has already warmed by about 1.1C since the industrial era began and temperatures will keep rising unless governments around the world make steep cuts to emissions.

Are you in the area? How have you been affected by the extreme temperatures? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Denise Gossett, her son Roman, her daughter Sabrina and Sabrina's daughter Morgana were all killed in the fire

A man has been sentenced to life in prison for killing four members of the same family in County Fermanagh.

Daniel Sebastian Allen, 32, from Doon Road near Derrylin, changed his plea as his trial was about to start.

He admitted the murders of Roman Gossett, 16, his sister Sabrina, 19, and Sabrina's 15-month-old daughter Morgana Quinn.

But he denied murdering Denise Gossett, 45, and instead admitted manslaughter by reason of a suicide pact.

Craigavon Crown Court was told that plea was acceptable to the prosecution.

Daniel Allen, pictured at a previous court appearance, was at the scene of the fire when the emergency services arrived

Allen's voice broke as he pleaded guilty to a fifth charge of arson with intent to endanger life.

The fire happened at a cottage the family were renting just outside Derrylin on 27 February 2018.

Allen had been living with the family at the time.

When the emergency services arrived he was standing outside and four bodies were discovered inside.

Allen had previously denied murder and claimed he did not play any part in the deaths of Roman and Morgana.

The rural bungalow house was gutted by the blaze in February 2018

The judge said: "Since you have pleaded guilty to three counts of murder I now sentence you to life imprisonment."

A defence barrister said: "Obviously these are serious matters and reports will be required."

In addition to a pre-sentence report, he said time would be required for a number of other professional reports.

A sentencing hearing was set for 15 September when the judge will set the minimum number of years before Allen can be considered for release.

He will also be given prison sentences for manslaughter and arson.

Allen nodded as the judge told him he would serve life imprisonment for three murders before he was led from the dock in handcuffs.

The US Congress has approved a deal to lift the country's borrowing limit, days before the world's largest economy is due to default on its debt.

The bipartisan measure sped through the Senate by a vote of 63-36, a day after it cleared the US House of Representatives.

President Joe Biden has said he will enact the measure into law.

His signature on the bill will spare the US from a catastrophic default on its $31.4tn (£25tn) debt.

The country is forecast to overshoot its current debt ceiling on Monday 5 June.

A default would limit the government's ability to borrow more money or pay all of its bills. It would also threaten to wreak havoc overseas, affecting prices and mortgage rates in other countries.

In Thursday night's session, the bill passed with support from 44 Democrats and 17 Republicans, plus two independents.

Sixty votes were required to approve the measure in a 100-seat chamber that Democrats only narrowly control.

Thirty-one Republicans were opposed, including a member of the party's leadership in the chamber, John Barrasso.

Democratic senators John Fetterman and Elizabeth Warren, plus Bernie Sanders who is independent, also voted against.

Senators first proposed 11 amendments to the debt ceiling bill, but they were all rejected in quick order, paving the way for a final vote.

If a single one of the amendments had passed, the whole bill would have had to be sent back to the House, leaving little time to ensure final passage of the measure before the US fell off a fiscal cliff.

"America can breathe a sigh of relief, a sigh of relief because in this process we are avoiding default," Democratic Majority leader Chuck Schumer told the Senate.

In a rare display of bipartisanship, Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell told reporters he would be "proud to support it without delay".

The deal had easily cleared the House of Representatives on Wednesday evening by a vote of 314-117. Some 165 Democrats joined 149 Republicans in approving it by the required simple majority.

With Republicans in control of the lower chamber of Congress, and Democrats in the Senate and White House, a deal proved elusive for weeks until Mr Biden and House Speaker Kevin McCarthy inked a compromise last weekend.

The agreement suspends the debt ceiling, the spending limit set by Congress that determines how much money the government can borrow, until 1 January 2025.

The legislation will result in $1.5tn in savings over a decade, the independent Congressional Budget Office said on Tuesday.

The contents of the bill drew objections from both right-wing Republicans and left-wing Democrats, but there were more than enough political centrists in both parties to get it over the line.

The last time the US came this close to overshooting its debt ceiling, in 2011, the credit agency Standard & Poor's downgraded the country's rating, a move that has yet to be reversed.

Ahead of the Senate vote, US stock markets made gains, with the Dow closing 0.5% higher. The broader S&P 500 index rose by 1% and the tech-heavy Nasdaq ended the day 1.3% higher.

Actor Kevin Spacey arrives at Southwark Crown Court, London for the fifth day of his trial

An alleged victim of sexual assault by Kevin Spacey has accused the actor of coming out as gay to "disguise" his behaviour, a court has heard.

The man told Southwark Crown Court he believed Mr Spacey's decision to come out showed he was "somebody not taking ownership" of his alleged behaviour.

He rejected suggestions from Mr Spacey's lawyer that some things he had told police were "completely untrue".

The US actor denies 12 sex offences against four men between 2001 and 2013.

The complainant, who was cross examined for more than two hours on Thursday by defence barrister Patrick Gibbs KC, said the alleged incident dated back to 2005.

He spoke from behind a screen, as Mr Spacey listened from the glass-walled dock.

The alleged victim said he felt "belittled" and "worthless" after the incident in a theatre - telling a jury the alleged assault felt like it lasted an "eternity".

"The way he treated me - I felt subhuman. I felt completely powerless," he added.

On Wednesday, jurors heard the alleged victim's police interview, in which he said Mr Spacey "smelt of booze" before grabbing him "like a cobra".

He said Mr Spacey had directed a "machine gun" of "vile comments" at him.

"It was horrific. I've never had anyone speak to me in that way," he said during Thursday's cross examination.

"He wasn't screaming at me, but it was like a torrent.

He added he was then physically attacked by the actor, who he said grabbed his penis.

"I didn't scream. I didn't shout. I was in such shock," he said.

Asked how this could have happened at a busy event where there were lots of people, he responded: "I think it's the phrase 'hiding in plain sight'."

The complainant said he had only told one friend about what had happened.

When questioned on this he said that "it was a completely different climate, way before MeToo". He said he would have been seen as a "troublemaker".

Mr Spacey, 63, has been described by the prosecution as a "sexual bully".

He has pleaded not guilty all the charges he faces. These include seven counts of sexual assault and three counts of indecent assault.

It the winner is a single ticket-holder they are set to become wealthier than England striker Harry Kane.

It marks the second UK-based winner this month, after another ticket-holder took home £117.1m on 2 June.

Kane reportedly earns £200,000 per week, netting a crisp £10.4m per year. He is worth around £51m, according to the Sunday Times Rich List.

He adds to his wealth with a lucrative Nike sponsorship deal and could be in line for a raise this summer, with reports that he is angling for a move away from his club.

However, his wealth is still dwarfed by that of some of his fellow pros.

Former Wales and Real Madrid winger Gareth Bale leads the line of professional footballers with a personal wealth of £70m, while England and Chelsea star Raheem Sterling can boast a comfortable fortune of £61m.

Leading the pack is former Real Madrid star David Beckham, who shares a war chest of some £425m with his wife Victoria, according to the rich list.

Andy Carter, senior winners' adviser at the National Lottery, said the win marked a fantastic night for British players, calling the jackpot a "life-changing" amount of money.

And he urged players "to check their tickets and to give us a call if they think they are tonight's lucky winner".

The winning numbers were 11, 17, 28, 32 and 35, with Lucky Stars 05, 06.

Last year's biggest win in the UK was £195m by a ticket-holder who wished to remain anonymous.

EuroMillions winners are under no obligation to identify themselves to the general public. But once a ticket has been validated and paid, the winner can decide if they want to share the news.

Six EuroMillions jackpots were won in the UK in 2022, with prizes totalling more than £820m.

The EuroMillions game is played in nine countries - Austria, Belgium, France, Ireland, Luxembourg, Portugal, Spain, Switzerland and the UK.

JJ4 was captured in a bear trap during the night by forest rangers with dogs

A bear has been captured in the Italian Alps not far from where it killed a 26-year-old jogger.

Italians were shocked by Andrea Papi's death in early April in the north-eastern region of Trentino-Alto Adige.

Once the bear was identified as a 17-year-old known as JJ4, authorities issued an order for it to be put down.

But the order for the she-bear to be shot on sight was later put on hold and JJ4 has been taken to a wildlife centre. Her fate is yet to be decided.

"We would have liked to kill the bear on the spot," provincial governor Maurizio Fugatti told a press conference, adding it would eventually be put down if a court agreed at a hearing next month.

Andrea Papi was fatally attacked while jogging above the town of Caldes on the slopes of Mt Peller in the Brenta Dolomites, prompting fear and anger in the region. He is the first Italian known to have been killed by a bear in recent years.

The animals are a protected species in Italy, and their population has been increasing in recent years after they were reintroduced to the region two decades ago.

JJ4's own parents had been brought into northern Italy from Slovenia under the "Life Ursus" European conservation project. It had already attacked and injured a father and son while they were hiking on Mount Peller in 2020.

The bear had been with her three cubs when she was captured in a tube-style bear trap filled with fruit, after forest rangers with dogs tracked her foot-prints in snow in woodland in the Meledrio valley.

She had shown signs of aggression in recent days, officials said, destroying cameras placed to monitor her movements.

The captured bear was sedated and taken to the Casteller animal care centre near the city of Trento where another bear known as M49 is also being looked after.

M49 went on the run from a nature park for 10 months and became known as Europe's most wanted bear when he escaped for a second time in 2020.

Another bear, known as MJ5, attacked a hiker a few kilometres away and the Trentino governor told reporters that the issue now was no longer JJ4 but the co-existence of man and animal.

"Those who are now preoccupied with JJ4's condition are just being ideological. They don't have the survival of the Life Ursus project at heart," he said.

Local mayors in the Brenta Dolomites region have threatened to resign if action is not taken to bring down the number of bears which has surged in recent years to at least 100.

Two of JJ4's three cubs were also captured but later released and the head of civil protection in Trentino assured the public they posed no risk to humans.

Local officials said the three cubs were all about two years old and in the weaning phase of moving off their mother's milk. They left the area after their mother was captured, officials added.

People travelling to France have been warned to expect flight cancellations due to strikes over pension reforms.

Ferry crossings and rail services are set to be affected, with companies such as Eurostar and P&O Ferries warning of delays and disruption to journeys.

Unions are staging a general strike in France over proposed pension changes, which include raising the retirement age from 62 to 64.

It's the sixth big strike since January and protests are planned in Paris.

With the French government showing no sign of backing down on its pension plan, one union leader has warned of escalation and "bringing the country to its knees". Fuel deliveries and refining were disrupted at several French sites operated by TotalEnergies and Esso on Tuesday.

Most industries including travel will be hit by the walkouts. A majority of train and metro services have been cancelled, and schools will be closed.

Both Easyjet and Ryanair said cancellations and delays to flights were possible on Tuesday and Wednesday, due to French Air Traffic Control staff walking out.

The airlines both apologised for the inconvenience but said the disruption was out of their control.

Ryanair said any affected passengers would be "notified as soon as possible", while Easyjet said those impacted were being "notified in advance and offered the option to change their flight for free or receive a refund".

Easyjet said airlines had been requested by French authorities to "make cancellations" because of the flights.

Eurostar said it would be running a reduced timetable on Tuesday and Wednesday and urged passengers to check if their train had been cancelled before travelling.

P&O Ferries said it was sailing between Dover and Calais "with some disruption" to services.

"We anticipate this to be the case for the rest of the day," it said in a Twitter post.

French transport minister Clement Beaune said Tuesday's strike would be "one of the most difficult ones" for travellers.

"For many it will be a real hassle," he said.

According to an opinion poll by French survey group Elabe, the majority of citizens back the ongoing strikes against President Emmanuel Macron's pension reforms.

Mr Macron has called the reform "essential" because of deficits forecast for France's pension system over the next 25 years.

Neighbouring European economies have already raised the retirement age to 65 or above to reflect longer life expectancy. In the UK, the state pension age is gradually increasing for men and women, and will reach 67 by 2028.

Are you affected by the strikes in France? Are you hoping to travel there this week? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.
• None French plan to raise pension age by two years to 64

Nicole Morelli, with some of the Menopausal Mermaids on Portstewart Strand, before the algae arrived

Swimmers at Northern Ireland's north coast have said they are "devastated" after two of the area's most popular beaches were red-flagged as unsafe for bathing by the RNLI.

The National Trust said potentially toxic blue-green algae had been found at Portstewart and Castlerock.

Sampling on Wednesday "confirmed" algae at Castlerock and "suspected blue-green algae" at Portstewart Strand.

However, they remain marked as "fully open".

The RNLI red-flag status means bathing is not permitted and people should not enter the water under any circumstances.

Blue-green algal blooms have been detected at a number of sites across Northern Ireland during the recent good weather.

Suspected algae was reported to the Northern Ireland Environment Agency (NIEA) at Castlerock Beach on 5 July by Department of Agriculture, Environment and Rural Affairs (DAERA) samplers undertaking bathing water testing.

It was confirmed as likely to be a potentially toxic species.

Nicole Morelli from the Menopausal Mermaids, which formed in 2018, said the warning was disappointing, but she recognised it was "safety-first".

"It's devastating - and a bit of a shock - a lot of people rely on it for both physical and mental health - so it's a bit of a blow," she said.

"The water was quite cold this winter so we have been having some lovely swims as the temperature has risen - especially in July - our busiest time of the year with tourists - but again safety is the priority," she added.

Blue green algae can be harmful to humans and is highly toxic to animals.

The council and The National Trust were informed and erected signage warning users in the area of the presence of potentially toxic blue green algae.

The NIEA said blue green algae in Lough Neagh has been widely communicated over the past number of weeks and it has now moved downstream with natural flow of water out of the lough through the River Bann, reaching the coast.

The natural movement of the tides and wave action will break up the algae, with some potentially washing up on the shore.

It can cause illness in both humans and animals, with a number of dog deaths reported.

Tony Hawkins and Liam O'Neill are volunteers at The National Trust.

"We have been down very early this morning advising people about the blue-green algae warning and about the risks involved with going in the water," Tony said.

"Some have heeded that advice and some didn't and went into the water anyway - but as volunteers all we can do in our capacity is to advise.

"I think the word has spread to the various sea swimming clubs along the north coast so it's been relatively quiet since about 08:30," he adds.

Sandra and Raymond McCoy with their dogs Cooper and Maisie

Wife and husband Sandra and Raymond McCoy are caravanning in Portrush.

They said they had some initial concerns about bringing their dogs to the beach.

"Cooper and Maisie love this beach so we brought them down, but kept them on short leashes, far from the water," Sandra explained.

Jenny Andrews from Holywood, County Down, told BBC News NI she had been in the water on Wednesday when a loudspeaker made the announcement about the algae.

"We were about to leave anyway so the kids weren't too disappointed but myself and my partner love sea swimming and would regularly go for dips.

"I've swapped my wet shoes for walking shoes this morning and I'm going for a walk along the beach instead".

A sign at Ballyronan on the edge of Lough Neagh warns that no swimming is allowed

Rising temperatures and pollution create the right environment for an algal bloom to happen.

Notices warning people not to swim in Lough Neagh were posted after the potentially toxic algae was discovered at several locations.

This Facebook post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Facebook The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Facebook content may contain adverts. Skip facebook post by National Trust - Portstewart Strand This article contains content provided by Facebook. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Meta’s Facebook cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Facebook content may contain adverts.

The NIEA has encouraged people to get involved in citizen science and help monitor the presence of blue-green algae.

The Bloomin' Algae App enables members of the public to submit a photo of the bloom taken on their phone and state what activity takes place at the location, so that the potential risks to people and animals can be gauged.

Members of the public can also report a suspected algae through the incident hotline on 0800 80 70 60 or by e-mail.

The RNLI and DAERA have been asked for a comment.
• None Vet warning after four dog deaths in Fermanagh

Michelle Hodgkinson's family described her as their "biggest cheerleader"

The family of a woman stabbed to death as she walked to meet her mum described their "utter shock" adding her final moments would have been "horrific".

Michelle Hodgkinson, 51, had been walking in Edge Lane, Droylsden, Greater Manchester, when she was attacked at about noon on Friday.

Her family said she was known for charity work and "making people smile".

A 28-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murder but has since been detained under the Mental Health Act.

In a statement released through Greater Manchester Police, Ms Hodgkinson's family said: "Everyone who knows Michelle is in utter shock at the attack she endured and how horrific her last moments were.

"Our Shelly B was the most amazing, loving, selfless and funny daughter, mother, mother-in-law, sister, auntie and most recently a nanna.

"It was a privilege to have been known and loved by her."

They said she had loved helping people in her community, was known for volunteering, carrying out charity work and she "loved creating hampers to make people smile".

"She would be there for anyone and the day she was taken from us, she was doing just that - walking to meet her mum to take her shopping and to go for a coffee," the family statement said.

"Our family and friends are heartbroken. In one moment our world has crumbled and will never be the same."

They added words could not describe "how much she will be missed".

"Our biggest cheerleader, our confidante, our rock - she will never be forgotten," her family said.

"We love you to the moon and back. We'll do everything we can to get justice. Love you forever and always."

The force said Ms Hodgkinson died at the scene of the stabbing in Edge Lane, Droylsden

The police force said reports came in at about 12:00 BST on Friday that a woman had been stabbed in the street.

Officers said Ms Hodgkinson died at the scene and they were still investigating the case.

On Saturday police said they were "keeping an open mind" over what had happened and understood the local community had been "deeply affected" by the attack.

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

A former general accused of ordering the murder of more than 1,200 indigenous Ixil Maya people during Guatemala's civil war has gone on trial.

Benedicto Lucas Garcia, 91, has been indicted for genocide, crimes against humanity - including widespread rape - and forced disappearances.

Survivors from one village say Garcia's troops killed children, babies and the elderly.

The alleged crimes occurred between 1978 and 1982, when Garcia's brother Fernando Romeo Lucas Garcia was president of Guatemala.

Benedicto Lucas Garcia is accused of planning and executing over 30 massacres in the western region of Quiche.

Lawyer Nery Rodenas, director of the Human Rights Office of the Archbishopric of Guatemala, told the AFP news agency that survivors had waited "more than 40 years" for justice.

Ex-general Garcia followed proceedings by video link from a military hospital, where he is already serving a prior sentence for forced disappearance, rape and torture. One co-defendant died in 2020, while another was found unfit to stand trial and will face separate proceedings.

Many Ixil Maya people were targeted by the military, accused of providing support to Marxist rebels.

Some 200,000 people died in the conflict, which lasted almost 40 years. Most were ethnic Maya.

Guatemala's Supreme Court of Justice ruled in 2018 that acts of genocide had been committed against the Ixil people. But only a small number of low-ranking soldiers have been convicted of war crimes.
• None Reuniting families with the remains of the disappeared
• None Was there genocide in Guatemala?

More than 200 million people subscribe to Amazon Prime globally

The US has accused Amazon of tricking customers into signing up for automatically renewing Prime subscriptions and making it difficult to cancel.

The Federal Trade Commission (FTC), the country's consumer rights watchdog, made the claims in a lawsuit.

Amazon rejected the charges, calling them "false on the facts and the law".

More than 200 million people subscribe to Prime globally. The service, which offers shipping perks, access to streaming movies and more, costs $139 a year or $14.99 monthly in the US and £95 per year in the UK.

The FTC said Amazon used website designs that pushed customers into agreeing to enrol in Prime and have the subscription automatically renew as they were making purchases.

The company attempted to make it difficult for users to opt out of auto-enrolment because "those changes would also negatively affect Amazon's bottom line", the agency alleged in the complaint, filed in federal court in Seattle.

It also said Amazon put customers seeking to cancel through a cumbersome "four-page, six-click, fifteen option" process, which the FTC said was known internally as "Iliad" in a nod to the Greek epic about the "long, arduous Trojan War".

Though Amazon altered the cancellation process shortly before the lawsuit was filed, the FTC said the company's tactics broke laws aimed at protecting shoppers.

"Amazon tricked and trapped people into recurring subscriptions without their consent, not only frustrating users but also costing them significant money," FTC Chair Lina Khan said.

The FTC is seeking a court order to force Amazon to change its practices, as well as financial penalties in an unspecified amount.

Amazon said it had been in the middle of discussing the issues with the agency when the lawsuit was filed without notice.

"The truth is that customers love Prime, and by design we make it clear and simple for customers to both sign up for or cancel their Prime membership," the company said.

The FTC has repeatedly warned online firms against using "dark patterns" to manipulate shoppers.

It had been investigating Amazon's Prime programme since 2021.

It said the company had attempted to delay the probe on multiple occasions, including by refusing to deliver documents in a timely manner.

Evelyn Mitchell-Wolf, a senior analyst at Insider Intelligence analyst said the FTC was "making an example of Amazon".

"It's quite common for companies to make it more difficult to cancel an account than it is to create one," she said.

Ms Khan, who was appointed to her post by President Joe Biden, made her name critiquing US competition policy related to Amazon.

She has promised to move more aggressively to police online shopping and the power of America's tech giants.

The lawsuit marks the third action from the FTC involving Amazon in recent weeks.

The company agreed to pay $25m last month to settle charges it had violated child privacy laws by keeping recordings children made on Alexa.

It agreed to pay another $5.8m to resolve claims that Ring, the doorbell company Amazon purchased in 2018, had violated privacy protections by giving staff unrestricted access to customer videos and failing to implement precautions against hackers.

Sign up for our UK morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

David and Janice Hunter retired to Cyprus 20 years ago enjoyed living near the coastal resort of Paphos

After 40 years working in the mines, David Hunter and his wife Janice moved from north-east England to Cyprus to enjoy a well-earned retirement in paradise. How did their idyllic days end in a mercy killing?

He loved her from the moment he met her, his friends recalled over pints in an Ashington working club.

"He doted on her," Barry Malecki said, adding the young lovebirds never lost the "spark".

That love led him to kill her, his friends and family said.

The Hunters moved from Ashington to Paphos - a Cypriot city boasting yellow beaches, blue skies and stunning sunsets - 20 years ago.

Their lives there had been happy ones, far removed from life down the mines where Hunter spent about 40 years.

David Hunter worked at the Ellington Colliery during his 40 years as a miner

He was well respected by his colleagues, a father figure to the new starters and "more than a gentleman", one old co-worker remembered.

No-one begrudged them a move to warmer climes and they enjoyed their place in the sun.

But in 2021, Janice was diagnosed with blood cancer which, their daughter Lesley Cawthorne said, destroyed their bliss.

"He said she was in absolute agony," Lesley said, adding Hunter, now aged 76, would have to clean Janice after "frequent accidents".

"She hated that loss of dignity," Lesley said, adding: "It destroyed her.

"She'd be crying as he cleaned her saying, 'I'm sorry, I'm sorry'."

Janice and David were married for 57 years

In December 2021, Hunter suffocated his wife of 57 years with his hand before trying and failing to take his own life.

He said he finally acted after six weeks of his wife's begging, her pleas becoming more intense each day that passed.

"In the last week she was crying and begging me," he would later tell the court.

He was arrested by the Cypriot authorities, which initially accepted his plea to manslaughter before making a legal U-turn and prosecuting him for murder.

He claimed Janice, 74, begged him to end her suffering, his defence lawyer Ritsa Pekri telling the murder trial it was a "crime of love and mercy".

Janice Hunter was killed at the couple's home in Tremithousa, Paphos

Michael Polak, of Justice Abroad and Hunter's lawyer, said he could have been prosecuted for assisting suicide rather than murder.

But for "whatever reason" the authorities pursued a murder charge under which assisted suicide was not a defence in Cypriot law.

Prosecutors said there was no proof Janice had asked her husband to help her die.

David Hunter has been on trial in Cyprus accused of murdering his wife

State prosecutor Andreas Hadjikyrou told the BBC Hunter killed his wife for "selfish motives", adding: "It's himself he was taking care of."

He told the court Janice died from asphyxiation, telling the three judges it was a "horrible death" and her end was "not painless or peaceful".

Hunter's lawyers said there was no evidence the couple did not love each other or that the defendant was fed up with caring for his wife.

Everyone said they loved each other and he looked after her, his team argued.

Prosecutors said Janice still went to the hairdresser every fortnight which, they said, proved she had a social life and took care of herself.

She had not spoken to her brother and sister about dying and left no note or recording of her wishes, the prosecutors said.

David and Janice Hunter doted on each other, friends and family said

Back in the club at Ashington, there is little doubt Hunter acted out of love for his wife.

They have raised thousands of pounds for his legal fees and just want to get him home with the people who love him.

Organiser Barry Kent said a guilty verdict would have been a "total injustice" and funds would have continued to be raised for an appeal, adding: "I would move heaven and earth to get the funds."

Friend Steven Hankinson agreed, saying they would "fight on" and they could not "just leave him across there".

The Hunters' daughter Lesley said she respected the culture and laws of Cyprus and was "truly grateful" to the country for giving her parents a "wonderful retirement".

But, she said, her dad needed to be shown some "compassion" and be able to spend his final years with his family rather than alone in a Cypriot prison.

"He is a good, good man and isn't a risk to anyone," she said.

Follow BBC North East & Cumbria on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Send your story ideas to northeastandcumbria@bbc.co.uk.

Last updated on .From the section European Football

Former Netherlands goalkeeper Edwin van der Sar has been moved out of intensive care following a bleed on the brain.

The ex-Manchester United and Ajax player, 52, was taken to hospital while on holiday in Croatia before being transferred to a Dutch hospital.

"I'm happy to share that I'm no longer in the intensive care unit," Van der Sar said in a statement on his Twitter.

"However, I'm still in hospital. I hope to go home next week and take the next step in my recovery."

There was an outpouring of goodwill messages to Van der Sar after news of his condition broke on 7 July and he expressed his gratitude in the latest update.

"We want to thank everyone for all the great and supportive messages," he added.

Van der Sar, who won 130 caps for his country, resigned from his role as Ajax chief executive in May after the side finished third in the Dutch league and failed to qualify for the Champions League for the first time since 2009.

He retired from playing after leaving United in 2011 before joining the Ajax board in 2012, and becoming the club's chief executive in 2016.

Van der Sar made 266 appearances for the Red Devils and helped them to win four Premier League titles and the 2008 Champions League. He also played for Fulham and Juventus.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. First Minister Humza Yousaf said the only route to independence was through "lawful and democratic process".

Humza Yousaf has told a special SNP conference that greater support for Scottish independence must be built ahead of the next general election.

He said if the party won a majority of seats north of the border he would press the UK government for powers to hold a second referendum.

Scotland's first minister added the only route to independence was through "lawful and democratic process".

Both Labour and the Tories are opposed to further talks on another vote.

But Mr Yousaf told a convention in Dundee that his party would stand on the proposition that people could "vote SNP for an independent Scotland".

He later told BBC Scotland: "We will put the simple proposition to the people in a general election because a referendum is being denied to us.

"If we win that general election we will then negotiate with the UK government of how we give it democratic effect.

"If it is a referendum or simply the general election that is of course for the UK government to determine because they have told us time and time again this is a voluntary union. If so then prove it."

The first minister said an election win would mean securing the most seats in Scotland - even if the party ends up with fewer than the 45 it currently holds.

Mr Yousaf also told the convention a summer campaign would focus on the "opportunities of independence" and announced a major march and rally would be held in Edinburgh on 2 September.

The convention was held at the same time as an independence rally in Stirling

Mr Yousaf's speech was interrupted by a protestor demanding a public inquiry into NHS Tayside about its disgraced former head of neurosurgery Sam Eljamel.

The SNP leader stopped his address and went to speak to the woman before returning to the stage after arranging to meet her later.

Several other senior SNP politicians also addressed the convention on both the route to independence and its general election strategy.

As well as contributions from the floor it also featured "interactive activist workshops".

Earlier, there was tributes to former SNP MP Winnie Ewing, an icon of the independence movement who died earlier this week at the age of 93.

The event will also be used to kickstart a summer programme of independence campaigning, which the party said would include leafleting, canvassing and regional assemblies.

There has been criticism from some within the SNP and wider Yes movement of the decision to only allow party members to attend the convention, which is being held at the same time as an All Under One Banner independence march in Stirling.

Former SNP leader Alex Salmond, who now heads the Alba Party, has been among those calling for a cross-party convention to be created that would include the SNP, Alba and other independence supporting parties and organisations.

He also wants an agreement that would see only one pro-independence candidate stand in each constituency at the general election - a proposal which seems unlikely to be accepted by the SNP.

In the heat and humidity of the hall, it sounded like Humza Yousaf was going for what's been called a "de facto referendum".

That was using a general election to begin negotiations on independence if won.

In the coolness of a briefing room, SNP insiders made clear it's not that - it's a nuanced approach.

In the the most basic way, it's about contesting the general election according to the rules of the game.

Success is measured by seats won - whereas in a de facto referendum, success is measured by the popular vote

It's about saying to the UK government - prove that it's a voluntary union and if the SNP succeed then a referendum should be granted.

The ball is in their court, the SNP say.

This approach squares off difficulties - Mr Yousaf has commanded that marches are used to drum up support - that takes them away from the fringes.

It also neatly gets away from the need to get 50% of the vote - "polls are tight", Mr Yousaf noted.

Members I spoke to were enthused. That's the point - this is about injecting momentum back into the movement.

Despite the widespread assumption that Brexit and Boris Johnson would be gifts for the independence movement, Nicola Sturgeon - who was recently described by Mr Yousaf as being Europe's most impressive politician - did not manage to consistently push support for leaving the UK above 50%.

The UK government repeatedly refused to give her permission to hold a referendum despite the SNP's electoral successes during Ms Sturgeon's eight years as first minister and party leader.

The Yes movement was dealt a further blow last November when the Supreme Court ruled that the Scottish government did not have the powers to hold a vote without that permission being in place.

Ms Sturgeon's response to the court ruling was to propose treating next year's general election as a "de facto referendum".

If the SNP won more than 50% of the votes in the election it would regard it as an endorsement of independence, and the party would then attempt to open negotiations with the UK government.

The UK government would have been under no legal obligation to do so, however, and the plan was deeply unpopular among many SNP MPs, with Stewart MacDonald - previously seen as being one of Ms Sturgeon's staunchest allies - openly criticising it.

Mr Yousaf had previously distanced himself from a "de facto referendum" plan during the contest to succeed Ms Sturgeon as SNP leader and first minister earlier this year.

With polls suggesting support for the party has fallen in recent months his attempt to resurrect it will be seen as a big gamble.

The SNP leadership has also consistently ruled out holding a referendum that was not seen as being legally binding.

Mr Yousaf has previously said he wants to be the "first activist" as well as first minister

Polling expert Prof Sir John Curtice said independence support is running at an average of 48% in recent polls - higher than support for the SNP itself.

A Panelbase poll for the Sunday Times last weekend put the SNP at 34% for the next general election and suggested that the party could be on course to win fewer seats than Scottish Labour, a prospect that would have seemed almost unthinkable a year ago.

The past few months have seen both Ms Sturgeon and her husband Peter Murrell being arrested and their home searched as part of an ongoing police probe into the SNP's funding and finances.

Both were later released without charge while further inquiries were carried out.

There has also been controversy over the Scottish government's handling of issues ranging from ferries and NHS waiting lists to gender reform and the deposit return scheme.

Following Mr Yousaf's address Scottish Conservative constitution spokesman Donald Cameron said the first minister had "decided to abandon the pretence he is governing for the whole country".

He added: "The latest push of his independence obsession appears to be an even more extreme version of Nicola Sturgeon's unpopular de facto referendum strategy.

"The SNP delegation that bothered to turn up to Dundee are speaking to themselves about their number one priority while people are struggling with the global cost-of-living crisis and our public services are under incredible pressure."

Shadow Scottish Secretary Ian Murray accused the first minister of "clearly preparing for failure" with his plans.

He said: "We need a government focused on tackling the urgent challenges we face - from the cost of living crisis to the chaos in our NHS to a declining economy - but in the SNP we have a tired party rehashing the same old tired arguments.

"Today has laid bare just how bereft of fresh ideas the SNP truly is - even when it comes to their driving constitutional obsession."

And Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Alex Cole-Hamilton said: "The SNP have put on an entire conference dedicated to demonstrating how tired, out of touch and bereft of ideas they are.

"Nobody believes Humza Yousaf's plan is going to lead to the break-up of the UK. It's a desperate ploy to appease a dwindling band of single-minded nationalist activists."

There has been a surge in executions in the Islamic Republic, prompting protests inside Iran and abroad

Iran has executed two men who were convicted of "burning the Quran" and "insulting the Prophet of Islam", the country's judiciary says.

Yousef Mehrad and Sadrollah Fazeli-Zare ran dozens of social media accounts "dedicated to atheism and desecration of the sanctities", the judiciary's Mizan news agency reported.

Mr Mehdad's lawyer had insisted that he was innocent and his sentence unjust.

There has been a surge in executions in the Islamic Republic amid continuing anti-government unrest, but those for blasphemy convictions are rare.

Mizan said Yousef Mehrad and Sadrollah Fazeli-Zare were hanged at Arak Prison in central Iran on Monday morning.

The two men were arrested in 2020 and accused of running a Telegram channel called "Criticism of Superstition and Religion", according to Iran's Human Rights Activists News Agency (HRANA). They were held in solitary confinement for the first two months and denied access to a lawyer, it said.

In 2021, the Arak Criminal Court convicted Mr Mehrad and Mr Fazeli-Zare on blasphemy charges and sentenced them to death, HRANA added. They were also given six-year prison sentences for "running groups to act against national security".

The Supreme Court rejected their appeals against the verdicts and upheld their death sentences later that year, Mizan said, adding that both men had "clearly confessed to their crimes".

Human rights group say Iranian courts regularly fall far short of providing fair trials and use false "confessions" obtained under torture as evidence.

"The execution of Yousef and Sadrollah for 'insulting the Prophet' is not only a cruel act by a medieval regime, it is also a serious insult to the freedom of expression," said Mahmood Amiry-Moghaddam, director of Norway-based group Iran Human Rights.

"These executions must be a turning point in the relations between the Islamic Republic and countries respecting the freedom of expression," he added. "Lack of a strong reaction by the international community sends a green light to the Islamic Republic and their ideological allies worldwide."

On Saturday, a Swedish-Iranian dual national accused of being behind a deadly attack on a military parade in 2018 was hanged. The European Union condemned "in the strongest terms" the execution of Habib Chaab.

Iran is second only to China in the number of executions carried out annually.

It has put to death more than 200 people since the start of this year, according to a tally by Iran Human Rights.

The group has said the number of executions rose by 75% to 582 last year, as authorities sought to "spread fear" among those taking part in the nationwide protests sparked by the death in custody of Mahsa Amini in September.

It's feared a wave of unhygienic pranks will scare off sushi train customers

Japanese police have arrested three people over "sushi terror": viral, unhygienic pranks that are threatening the world-famous feature of sushi conveyor belt restaurants.

Last month, a video of a man licking a soy sauce bottle on a sushi conveyor went viral, sparking outrage.

In the video, he can be seen squashing sushi dishes at a Kura Sushi restaurant branch.

Since then, dozens of such videos have proliferated sparking public concern.

Incidents filmed include diners - many of whom are children and young people - spoiling others' orders by touching sushi dishes passing by.

One video which emerged last month showed a customer putting wasabi on another's dish, while another person licked the presented chopsticks.

In another video, filmed at a Sushiro chain outlet, a diner is seen rubbing saliva on passing sushi pieces.

The viral trend has horrified many Japanese and spurred action from several conveyor-belt sushi chains - known as kaitenzushi locally.

"I know people from overseas look forward to eating sushi here so as a Japanese person, I am ashamed of such actions," one woman Yukari Tanaka told the BBC.

Another person, Nana Kozaki, said: "Kaitenzushi is Japanese culture we can be proud of but actions of few people like that really ruins that."

Others said they were "a bit scared" by the trend - admitting they were less willing to go to restaurants.

Japan is renowned for its exacting cleanliness standards and culinary etiquette.

So the "sushi terrorism" pranks have not only shocked millions around the country but also led to falls in share prices of companies like the Sushiro chain.

This has spurred several kaitenzushi chains to make public appeals for offenders to stop their food sabotage.

Some eateries have even made the choice to stop operating their main attraction altogether - with sushi conveyor belts coming to a halt across the country.

In eastern Japan, the Choushimaru chain said it would stop using its conveyor belts altogether after a customer placed a cigarette butt in a jar of pickled ginger.

Staff will now bring dishes to customers directly - and only hand out condiments and sauces when they've taken their seats.

A spokesman for the Kura Sushi - the restaurant chain targeted by those arrested on Wednesday - said the viral video trend was "extremely dangerous" and posing a threat to the foundation of the conveyor-belt restaurant model.

"Conveyor belt sushi is something we are proud of as part of Japanese culture. We want to make sure our customers can eat sushi delivered on the belt safely and comfortably," he said.

Several sushi chains have already threatened legal action - but Wednesday's detentions are believed to be the first arrests of offenders.

Police in the central Japanese city of Nagoya allege Ryoga Yoshino, 21, licked a communal soy sauce bottle at a Kura Sushi conveyor-belt sushi restaurant on 3 February.

Two minors aged 19 and 15 were also involved. Police said their actions constituted obstruction of business under Japan's Penal Code.

All of the suspects admitted to the wrongdoing, police said. One also reportedly apologised for his actions.

Restaurant-owning companies had already been struggling - with global supply chains under strain to a weaker yen, the war in Ukraine and the coronavirus pandemic.

Many had to raise prices on their cheapest offerings last year.

Now they face another struggle with the wave of unhygienic pranks.

It's led to restaurants around the country scrambling to reassure customers of their hygiene standards.

The Sushiro chain changed its service rules last month, requiring diners to collect their own utensils and condiments from staff to cut down on potential sabotage attempts.

Kura Sushi has now also developed an alert system, where some of its conveyor belts will now be equipped with sensors and cameras.

If a person is caught returning a plate that has been tampered with, an alert will be sent to the chain's offices in Saitama prefecture, near Tokyo and Osaka. The affected restaurant would also be informed, Kura Sushi said.

The company said the new sensors would also be able to identify the specific plate and seat number affected.

Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said there would be "no pardons" if anyone was identified as a perpetrator and convicted

Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has called the wave of suspected poisonings of schoolgirls in recent months an "unforgivable crime".

"If there are any people involved in the matter, and there certainly are... the perpetrators must be given the most severe of punishments," he warned.

More than 1,000 girls at dozens of schools have been affected by unexplained illnesses since November.

Incidents were reported in at least 15 cities and towns on Sunday alone.

Authorities have released very little information about their investigations and announced no arrests, but they have accused Iran's "enemies" of using the suspected poisonings to undermine the clerical establishment.

Some Iranians believe the girls' schools are being targeted by hard-line elements to stop them receiving an education.

Others suggest the authorities may be punishing girls for their leading role in the nationwide anti-government protests that erupted in September.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Parham Ghobadi This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The first known case was reported at a school in the Shia holy city of Qom on 30 November, when 18 schoolgirls fell ill and were taken to hospital.

Since then, a total of 127 schools in 25 of Iran's 31 provinces have been affected, according to a tally by the reformist news outlet Etemad Online.

Students have said they smelled tangerine or rotten fish before falling ill. Many have suffered respiratory problems, nausea, dizziness and fatigue.

In his first public comments on the matter Ayatollah Khamenei called on law enforcement and intelligence agencies to "seriously pursue the issue".

"The poisonings are a grave and unforgivable crime," he declared during a speech at a tree planting event in Tehran, adding that there would be "no pardons" if anyone was identified as a perpetrator and convicted.

Judiciary Chief Gholamhossein Mohseni Ejei meanwhile warned that they could face the charge of "corruption on earth", which is punishable by death.

He also said special courts would be set up in each province to summon "lie-spreaders and disrupters of public opinion in the case of the poisonings".

Their remarks came a day after a series of suspected poisonings was reported in at least 15 cities and towns, with the south-western city of Ahvaz and the central city of Yazd said to have been worst affected.

Opposition activist collective 1500 Tasvir posted footage that it said showed girls at Fatemieh Art School in the western city of Hamadan shouting: "We don't want to die."

In another video, a woman in the northern city of Rasht said security forces had fired tear-gas at concerned mothers protesting outside the local education department.

On Saturday, Interior Minister Ahmad Vahidi said that investigators had gathered "suspicious samples" at affected schools, but provided no details.

Health Minister Bahram Eynollahi meanwhile told a conference last Tuesday that research indicated that "a kind of mild poison caused the intoxication".

1500 Tasvir tweeted on Sunday that it had "received the results of 25 blood tests from poisoned students in different cities" and that the "MCV number in all of them is lower than normal".

The MCV, or "Mean Corpuscular Volume" count, measures the average size of red blood cells, which are responsible for transporting oxygen from the lungs to other parts of the body.

The four children are at the central military hospital in the capital Bogota

Four children who survived weeks alone in Colombia's Amazon jungle have been reunited with relatives as they recover in hospital.

The siblings, aged 13, nine, five and one, are "very weak" but "happy to see their family", said their grandfather, Fidencio Valencia.

They are speaking a little and two of them have begun playing, officials say.

The four children were found on Friday after more than a month of searching by the military and local people.

They went missing after the plane they were in crashed on 1 May. Their mother and two pilots were killed in the crash.

Rescuers tracked them down after spotting signs in the jungle, including footprints and fruit that had been bitten into.

Two of the children, the one-year-old baby and five-year-old, spent their birthdays in the jungle, as the eldest Lesly, 13, guided them through the ordeal.

They survived by eating flour that they found in the plane's wreckage and then seeds, Mr Valencia said.

Colombia's Defence Minister Ivan Velasquez, who visited them in the hospital with President Gustavo Petro on Saturday, praised Lesly for taking care of her younger siblings.

"It is thanks to her, her value and her leadership, that the three others were able to survive, with her care, her knowledge of the jungle," Mr Velasquez said.

"In general the children, the boy and the girls are in an acceptable state, according to the medical reports they are out of danger."

Military doctor Carlos Rincon said they have "nutritional deficiencies" but had survived with only "some soft tissue injuries, bites, and skin lesions".

They are not yet able to eat, he said, adding: "We will begin the process of incorporating food when we complete the process of clinical examinations that will be done today. If things go well, we believe they will stay in the hospital for two to three weeks."

Astrid Caceres, the general director of the Colombian Institute of Family Welfare, said the children "don't talk as much as we would like them to" and need time to recover.

But she said two of the children had been playing.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The children belong to the Huitoto indigenous group. General Pedro Sanchez, who led the search operation, credited Indigenous people who volunteered to help the rescue effort.

"We found the children: miracle, miracle, miracle!" he told reporters.

Some rescuers are continuing to search the jungle for a rescue dog, a Belgian Shepherd, that went missing during the hunt for the children.

The children's grandmother, Fatima Valencia, said after their rescue: "I am very grateful, and to mother earth as well, that they were set free."

She said the eldest of the four siblings was used to looking after the other three when their mother was at work, and that this helped them survive in the jungle.

"She gave them flour and cassava bread, any fruit in the bush, they know what they must consume," Ms Valencia said in footage obtained by EVN.

The Cessna 206 aircraft the children and their mother had been travelling on before the crash was flying from Araracuara, in Amazonas province, to San José del Guaviare, when it issued a mayday alert due to engine failure.

The bodies of the three adults were found at the crash site by the army, but it appeared that the children had escaped the wreckage and wandered into the rainforest to find help.

In May, rescuers recovered items left behind by the children, including a child's drinking bottle, a pair of scissors, a hair tie and a makeshift shelter.

Small footprints were also discovered, which led search teams to believe the children were still alive in the rainforest, which is home to jaguars, snakes and other predators.

Members of the children's community hoped that their knowledge of fruits and jungle survival skills would give them a better chance of remaining alive.

Indigenous people joined the search and helicopters broadcast a message from the children's grandmother, recorded in the Huitoto language, urging them to stop moving to make them easier to locate.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

A man has died after a gas explosion at a house in Swansea.

Three others were taken to hospital after the blast in the Morriston area of the city, which shook houses miles away.

A major incident was declared and emergency services were called to the junction of Field Close and Clydach Road at about 11:20 GMT.

One property was completely flattened with Wales & West Utilities describing the structural damage as "severe".

South Wales Police said the body of the previously missing man was found during a search of Clydach Road.

The force said his family has been informed and an investigation was under way.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. WATCH: The aftermath of a gas explosion in Swansea was captured by a bystander

Morriston Hospital said two adults and a child were brought to A&E after neighbours said they saw a boy being pulled from the rubble.

A spokeswoman said: "The child and one of the adults were treated and discharged.

"The second adult was admitted with trauma injuries, and is in a stable condition."

The National Grid's website said 212 properties were without electricity but that was restored by 18:40 on Monday.

Swansea council leader Rob Stewart said about 100 people had been displaced.

Debris was strewn across the street

The British Red Cross has sent a team of three to help and the council has set up a rest centre at Morriston Memorial Hall.

Support is being provided there for about 50 people until they are able to go home. Others have gathered in the Red Lion pub.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. WATCH: BBC reporter near the scene of where a reported gas explosion destroyed a house

People living on the street said they heard a loud bang which sounded like a car crash, with roofs and doors being blown off houses.

Donn and Donna Fernandez said they and other neighbours rescued a teenage occupant of the house before they were taken to hospital.

Mr Fernandez said: "I came out of my house and saw the young teenager who lives next door in the wreckage of the house near the roof.

"Me and our neighbours got him out, he's only about 13."

Neighbour Pamela Evans said the blast felt like a bomb.

"It's like a warzone, it's unbelievable down there," she said.

"Windows have been smashed, doors have been blown out."

Pamela Evans said the blast felt like a bomb

Alan Huxtable, who lives about 150 yards away on Field Close, said he was stunned by what he saw.

He said: "The pressure of the blast - you could feel that. The house was shaking.

"I just looked out of the window and I couldn't believe it. It took two or three seconds to realise what happened.

"I said to my wife, 'the end terrace house is gone, it's disappeared'."

There were tiles in his back garden, he said.

Fellow resident Marjorie Lewis said: "The roof was all on the floor and there was a boy in the rubble."

The boy was pulled from the wreckage and she called police: "They were here in two or three minutes. It sounded horrendous - it shook all the houses."

Ms Lewis said about four or five houses had been damaged in the blast.

Wales & West Utilities said the cause of the blast was not yet known

She said: "I thought it was inside the house. I just took my youngest son and ran.

"I went out the house and and saw the damage. It's terrible."

Mirain Owen was at school when she heard about what had happened

Mirain Owen, who lives about five minutes away from Clydach Road, was in school when she started getting messages on Snapchat about the blast.

She said her family had been unable to return home to collect anything.

The 17-year-old said: "The roads are closed and we aren't able to get in there by car."

Hayley Brown, of Field Close, said: "To see that house, the way that it was, was absolutely heartbreaking.

Kakuli Khatun was making tea for her husband when her window smashed

Swansea councillor Ceri Evans said he lives less than a mile away and was working from home at the time of the explosion.

"The whole house shook. All the windows shook, it was really noticeable. You could hear it and I ran out in the street," he said.

Swansea University researcher Ioan Humphreys lives eight miles away in Rhos, Pontardawe, and said: "The house next door to me is having lots of building work done, so initially I thought it was a massive skip being delivered and dropped on their drive - it felt that close."

South Wales Police asked people to avoid the area and said Clydach Road was still closed on Monday evening.

"A cordon remains in place and people are asked to avoid the area," the force said.

"It is necessary to keep the cordon in place due to the ongoing risk to the public and the amount of debris which is blocking access roads."

Wales & West Utilities said: "We do not yet know the cause of the explosion and our engineers will continue to support the emergency services as they carry out their work."

Welsh Ambulance Service and Mid and West Wales Fire Service also attended.

The fire service said crews were still working at the site on Monday evening.

Morriston Town AFC football club said it was "devastated" to hear the news and said locals should not hesitate to contact the club and come in to keep warm.

The actor, who is best known for playing Brookside's Mick Johnson, has also appeared in Casualty and Doctors

Actor Louis Emerick has been given a suspended jail sentence after hitting two 12-year-old girls with his car.

The former Brookside star, 65, admitted causing serious injury by careless driving in Wallasey on 2 October 2022.

The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) said he "was not speeding but admitted he couldn't see clearly because of the sun so he should have slowed down".

Emerick was handed a 26-week prison sentence, which was suspended for 12 months, at Wirral Magistrates' Court.

Speaking after the sentencing, Emerick said he did not know how he could have lived with himself if either of the girls had died.

The actor, who was charged under his full name Louis Emerick Grant, was driving towards Wallasey Village on Merseyside as the two girls crossed Poulton Road at about 17:15 GMT.

Two CCTV clips were played to the court showing his Honda car cutting the corner of the right-hand bend, going into the "centre hatched markings" and hitting the friends, who were thrown to the ground.

One of the girls suffered a broken leg while the other sustained fractures to her left leg, right ankle, jaw and nose and damaged four teeth, two of which she may lose, the court heard.

In victim impact statements, their mothers said the girls had been physically and mentally affected by the trauma and had missed months of schooling.

The mother of the eldest victim said her daughter still had nightmares and needed surgery to remove a metal plate from her leg.

She added signing a consent form for her daughter's leg to be amputated if necessary "was one of the hardest things I have ever done," saying "the last eight months have been horrendous".

"We don't hold grudges with the driver. He has been in touch and apologised," the other girl's mother said.

"I realise it was an accident, I don't want him punished for an accident."

Natasha Williamson, prosecuting, said Emerick, who stayed at the scene and called the emergency services, had been co-operative with police.

But she added: "He should have slowed down if his view was impaired by the sun."

Tony Nelson, defending, said the defendant had no previous convictions and had been driving for nearly 50 years with a clean licence.

"He utterly and deeply regrets his error on the day in question," he said.

He added Emerick had not been speeding, drinking, using drugs or on a phone.

"This was human error. A momentary lapse of concentration and he thinks about it every day," he said.

Sentencing Emerick, Peter Mawdesley, chairman of the bench, said: "Since the accident you have clearly shown remorse and contrition and taken various steps to contact the victims and their parents."

Emerick was also ordered to carry out 200 hours of unpaid work and given an 18-month driving ban.

The actor is best known for his role as Mick Johnson on the Liverpool-based soap Brookside, but has appeared on a number of other shows, including Doctors, Last of the Summer Wine, Casualty, Coronation Street, Silent Witness and Zapped.

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

British military personnel help Britain nationals board flights at Wadi Seidna Air Base in Khartoum

An MP has criticised the "appalling" treatment of a family split-up by UK authorities as they tried to flee Sudan.

Nagla, 59, and daughter, Sara, 23, tried to fly out of Khartoum together.

But the two women were forced to leave behind Nagla's husband Asmed, 62, because he doesn't have a British passport or UK visa.

The UK government said it was evacuating British nationals and eligible immediate family members.

Fighting erupted in capital Khartoum two weeks ago due to a power struggle within the Sudan's military leadership.

Sara's sister, Alaa, 29, from Cardiff, and other family members are due to meet them on their return to London Stansted Airport on Saturday.

Alaa, who did not want to give the family surname, said her father was told he would have to travel hundreds of miles to neighbouring Egypt to get a visa so he could follow his family to the UK.

Cardiff North MP Anna McMorrin said the treatment of the family by British authorities was "shocking".

She said: "We need to show more compassion to support families to make sure that dependents are brought over as well.

Anna McMorrin: "It's pretty appalling the way they have been treated"

"He does not have citizenship, he has a Sudanese passport. The family have UK passports, his wife and daughters, but they were living in Sudan.

"They should not be splitting families up. At the very least he should be supported to get out to a third party country and his paperwork can be processed.

"This is splitting families up and leaving them with no hope. This is happening to many families because (of) Home Office and Foreign and Commonwealth Office rules."

The political climate, the MP said, was "splitting up families".

She claimed Nagla was initially put on a flight but she refused to leave without her daughter and husband.

"The next day they were refused entry to the airbase because the dad was with them," said Ms McMorrin.

"Dad then basically forced them to go [without him]. He's there without support.

"He was told to go to Egypt. How's he supposed to do that?"

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Anna McMorrin MP 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿🏳️‍🌈 This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Alaa said she and her other siblings were worried about their father's welfare.

She said the trio had expected to leave Sudan together and gave away their food and drink, but it took three days for the two women to board a flight.

She said she was concerned her father's mobile phone would run out of battery as getting access to electricity supplies was an issue.

"They told him he has to go to Egypt and apply for a visa from there," she said.

"It's very hard to get someone to take you there."

A UK government spokesperson said: "We are evacuating British nationals and their immediate family members who have existing eligibility to enter the UK. Those who have UK visas but are not the dependent of a British passport holder can still come to the UK via other routes.

"We are keeping this under close review and recognise that there will be many people facing very challenging circumstances and decisions.

"We continue to work intensively, alongside international partners, to maintain the ceasefire and bring an end to fighting - the single most important thing we can do to ensure the safety of British nationals and others in Sudan."

Ukraine's then-president described Tony Blair as a "sincere friend" of his country in the archived documents

Tony Blair was urged to back Ukraine's dream to join the EU to form a barrier against Russian threats, newly released records from his time as PM show.

His special Europe adviser told him Kyiv wanted a "special relationship... if only we would show more interest," the National Archives reveal.

Ukraine's then-president, Leonid Kuchma, also wrote to Mr Blair appealing for his support.

But Nato has refused to give Kyiv a timeline for membership.

According to the documents dating back more than 20 years, Mr Kuchma appealed directly to then-prime minister Mr Blair to back Ukraine's long-term goal of "full-scale European and Euro-Atlantic integration, including the full-fledged EU membership".

It had been barely a decade since Ukraine gained independence in 1991 and President Kuchma, in power since 1994, added in a handwritten note that he pinned great hopes on Mr Blair, as a "sincere friend" of Ukraine... on your personal support in this exceptionally important issue".

Mr Kuchma had first declared Ukraine's intention to join the EU in 1998, but there was little enthusiasm for it in Germany or France. One of the biggest stumbling blocks was that Ukraine was beset with corruption and its businesses run by powerful oligarchs.

For all his Western leanings, Mr Kuchma's own government was tainted by the gruesome 2000 murder of a journalist, Georgiy Gongadze, who was one of the Ukrainian leader's biggest public critics. Mr Kuchma has always denied complicity in his death.

According to the newly released documents, Roger Liddle, who served as an adviser to Mr Blair on European affairs, said immediate EU or Nato membership was unlikely but he urged the prime minister to become more engaged.

After July 2001 talks in Crimea, 13 years before it was seized by Russia, he wrote to the prime minister: "Strengthening Ukraine's shaky democracy and economy increases stability on the EU's future eastern borders and acts as a formidable barrier to any resurgence of Russian imperialism to the West."

By December 2001, after a Ukrainian delegation had taken part in talks in the UK, Mr Liddle said the Ukrainians were "depressed... that most of Europe and the new US administration is running them down".

George W Bush had become US president that year, and had decided that Russia's Vladimir Putin was a "very straightforward and trustworthy" leader. The 9/11 attacks were very recent and the US needed Russian support to enable the military campaign to go ahead in Afghanistan.

Other stories from the National Archives:

Ukraine's Leonid Kuchma repeatedly pressed the EU for membership, here with EU Commissioner Chris Patten

Kataryna Wolczuk, professor of East European politics at the University of Birmingham, believes that by 2001 UK leaders had little concern about Russia's future plans for Ukraine, as President Putin was "still in his Euro-Atlantic ally mood".

After the talks at Chevening with the Ukrainians, Roger Liddle's conclusion was: "We have too rosy a view of Putin (who according to them is a clever, presentable power politician, but no democratic hero). And we rubbish Ukraine."

Prof Wolczuk argues that President Kuchma and his entourage were instinctively pro-European: "They knew they couldn't trust Putin and Russia, and yet the system Kuchma presided over was a hostage of that system."

The archive documents also show support for Ukraine's position from the UK's ambassador to Kyiv, Roland Smith, who cautioned against a proposal by then-Foreign Secretary Jack Straw for the EU to give Ukraine "special neighbour status" along with Belarus and Moldova.

The ambassador wondered why the plan appeared formulated to deny Ukraine the chance of full EU membership: "Because Ukraine is simply too big? Because really we think that Ukraine ought to go back to Russia where she belongs?"

He asked why it differed from the plan for countries such as Bulgaria and Romania, which eventually joined the EU in 2007.

In 2004 Ukrainians took to the streets protesting against electoral fraud, in an Orange Revolution that saw supporters back a pro-European president over a candidate backed by the Kremlin.

In the event the EU did choose a watered-down relationship for Ukraine and its neighbours, and the UK played a big role in supporting it.

But Mr Blair's European adviser said in his archived note at the end of 2001 that the main Ukrainian pitch had been for "associate membership" of the EU - far stronger than what was then being offered.

That agreement was eventually signed in 2014, months after Ukraine's pro-Russian president had refused to go through with it, triggering a revolution that ultimately brought him down.

Questions have been raised over what to do with the large granite monument at the Swiss cemetery

For decades the huge monolithic block of granite in the middle of the cemetery in the Swiss town of Chur was ignored by passers-by; no one seemed to know quite what it was.

But the 13-tonne (13,000kg) stone monument that dwarfs the nearby gravestones is now causing controversy - and embarrassment.

Research by a local journalist has revealed links to Nazi Germany, and to neutral Switzerland's own awkward relations with its World War Two neighbours.

Chur's cemetery is in the centre of town. Many people, like radio journalist Stefanie Hablützel, pass it every day on the way to work or out shopping.

Nowadays the monument at the cemetery, untended, is covered in moss. The engravings on it are difficult to discern.

The origins of the monument and its links to the Nazi presence in Switzerland were unknown

"At first sight it looks like a war memorial," says Stefanie, pointing out some faint lettering: "1914 - 1918; hier ruhen deutsche Soldaten… here lie German soldiers."

Why, though, would German soldiers be buried here?

In fact, thousands of wounded prisoners of war, French and British as well as German, were treated and interned in Switzerland during World War One. Some died from their injuries, others during the 1918 flu pandemic.

But Chur's monument was not built until 1938. "That's 20 years after these men died," says Stefanie. "It wasn't built to mourn these dead soldiers, it was built for propaganda reasons, for the Nazi regime."

Swiss historian, Martin Bucher, explains that, as the Nazis grew in power in Germany, their propaganda involved cult-like worship of their war dead. In the 1930s the German War Graves Commission became part of Hitler's propaganda machine. Its task, to create visible signs of Nazi power in Germany's neighbours as well as at home.

There were many thousands of Germans living in Switzerland at the time, and, Martin says, they were organised. "In Switzerland all these organisations you know from Germany existed. The National Socialist Party, the German Labour Front, the Hitler Youth. They were all here, but only for Germans, not for Swiss people."

Germany's War Graves Commission submitted ambitious plans to build a vast mausoleum in the Swiss town of St Gallen. This was rejected by Swiss authorities. But the monument in Chur was approved.

Polished and engraved in Munich, using the Fraktur font, a typeface favoured in 1930s Germany, it was delivered to Chur on the eve of World War Two.

At the time Chur's residents must have known what it was, Martin insists. "On Nazi holidays they put Swastikas on this monument… people would have seen it was a Nazi monument."

Some were clearly unhappy. Stefanie Hablützel, who has reported on the story for Switzerland's public broadcaster SRG, uncovered an indignant letter to the local newspaper, written in 1938, asking: "Why do we have a Nazi stone in our cemetery?"

I didn't realise how many Nazi organisations were present in the 1930s, here in Chur

But some will have been supportive.

Swiss sympathisers of Nazi Germany were well-documented in canton Graubünden, of which Chur is the capital. But homegrown Swiss fascist parties never really took off, getting only two seats in the Swiss parliament in 1935, and never standing again.

While Switzerland still has no official memorial to the Holocaust, parliament did approve plans for one in March last year. There are, however, around 50 unofficial monuments.

Throughout the war, Germans in Switzerland continued to be active in the Nazi party, and continued to display their Nazi sympathies. And the Swiss, hoping as usual to stay out of the fighting, made compromises with Berlin, banking Nazi gold, and turning away Jewish refugees.

Then, just one day after the war ended, neutral Switzerland got off the fence. "There was a huge purge," says Martin. "The Swiss government tried to punish Swiss Nazis, there were trials."

German Nazis, meanwhile, were expelled. "I think after that a lot of people were thinking it's done now, the Nazis are away, no problem," he says. "And I think they forgot this monument."

Historian Martin Bucher says Hitler's propaganda machine was tasked with creating visible signs of Nazi power in neighbouring countries

So complete was this collective amnesia that today, among people like Stefanie Hablützel, born decades after the war, the origins of the monument, and the Nazi presence in Switzerland, were a revelation.

"I grew up here in Chur," she says. "And I didn't realise how many Nazi organisations were present in the 1930s, here in Chur."

Even local member of parliament Jon Pult was taken by surprise. "Switzerland wasn't Nazi-free, and I knew that," he says. "But I didn't know about this monument.

"I live maybe 500 metres from the cemetery where this stone is, and I walked past that stone probably a hundred times, and I never realised that it is of course a Nazi stone. Now that I know it's very clear. I get it, I see it."

So, what should happen now?

Despite a certain embarrassment, very few people have suggested tearing down the monument. But even fewer say it should be left just as it is, Stefanie says.

Instead, consensus seems to be forming around a proposal to re-examine and publicise that period in Swiss history, just as Switzerland had to re-examine, and apologise for, its treatment of Jewish refugees during the war.

"I think it should stay in Chur," says Martin.

"But I think it's important to tell people why it is there," he adds. "Maybe it can be a monument to remember all the people who died in the Second World War."

Jon Pult agrees that Switzerland should "create a memorial" out of the monument "to remember the horrific crimes of the Nazis".

But also, he says, the monument, and the information he expects to be placed in the cemetery with it, should serve as a warning.

"We should create a culture of knowledge about this, because as we know there is always a danger of fascist ideologies, totalitarian ideologies, as we see now for example in Russia."

Ukrainian forces are preparing for a counteroffensive near the besieged city of Bakhmut

In a bunker just outside the city limits of Bakhmut, Ukraine's 77th Brigade direct artillery fire to support their infantry - their last line of defence on the western edge of the city.

Ukraine is still clinging to the last few streets here.

But the live video feed the artillery gunners watch intently, from a drone flying above the city, suggests that even if Russia can finally wrestle control, it would be little more than a pyrrhic victory.

The prize is now a crumpled, skeletal city - with hardly a building left unscathed, and with its entire population vanished.

The battle for the eastern Ukrainian city of Bakhmut has been the longest and bloodiest of this war so far. Western officials estimate between 20,000 and 30,000 Russian troops have been killed or wounded here, while Ukraine's military has also paid a heavy price - and it still isn't over.

The plumes of smoke still hang heavy over the besieged city, accompanied by the relentless rumble of artillery fire.

Russia has been trying to capture Bakhmut for months, and it's been a testament - so far - to Ukraine's determination not to give ground. But it's also a reminder that its coming counteroffensive could prove far more challenging.

Drone footage from above Bakhmut shows the devastation caused by the continuing battle for the city

Back in the bunker, Ukraine's 77th Brigade orders another artillery strike on a house. Seconds later a plume of smoke rises from the rubble. Two men emerge from the smoke, stumbling down a street. One appears to be injured.

I ask if they're Wagner soldiers - the Russian paramilitary force which has been leading the assault. "Yes," replies Myroslav, one of the Ukrainian troops staring at the screen.

"They are fighting quite well, but they don't really care about their people," he says.

He adds that they don't seem to have much artillery support and they just advance in the hope that they'll be "luckier than the last time". His comrade, Mykola, interjects: "They just walk towards us, they must be on drugs."

Looking at this shell of a city it's hard to understand why either side has sacrificed so many lives for it.

Mykola admits that the defence has also been costly for Ukraine. He says many soldiers have given their lives, and it's hard to fight in the densely packed streets. He says they've been replaced by troops with less experience, but adds: "They will become the same warriors as those who fought before them."

The whole point of Bakhmut is to keep the enemy there

To the south of the city, Ukraine's 28th Brigade has been helping prevent Bakhmut from being encircled.

The Wagner forces they once faced have already been replaced by paratroopers of Russia's VDV, or airborne forces. But they're still locked in daily skirmishes.

During a lull in the fighting, Yevhen, a 29-year-old soldier, takes us on a tour of their defensive position in a small wood.

The arrival of spring has provided them with some leaves for cover, but many of the trees have been stripped by the constant shelling.

Ukrainian troops seek cover behind bushes on the outskirts of the city of Bakhmut

As we run from a trench, across exposed ground pock-marked by shell holes, the Russians open fire with their mortars. "That was pretty damn close," says Yevhen in perfect English as we reach some cover.

As we move to another position he says: "Now we're going to fire back."

Minutes later his men follow up with a volley of small arms fire and rocket-propelled grenades (RPGs). There are no casualties this time. But hours after we leave one of their soldiers is seriously injured.

President Volodymyr Zelensky has called Bakhmut "a fortress" of Ukrainian morale. Yevhen displays that determination not to give up. "The whole point of Bakhmut is to keep the enemy there," he says.

If Ukraine gave up Bakhmut, he says, they'd only lose more lives later. "We could retreat to save a few lives, but we would then have to counter-attack and we'd lose even more".

Ukraine's hope is that the fight over Bakhmut has blunted Russia's ability to conduct its own offensive operations, and exhausted its army and supplies.

In a bunker just outside the city limits, Ukraine's 77th Brigade direct artillery fire to support their infantry

But Russia has also been preparing to stymie Ukraine's upcoming offensive.

Recent satellite images of the occupied south show it has built hundreds of miles of deep trench lines and dragon's teeth tank traps to slow down any attempted advance. More difficult to punch through than the razor wire and mines we saw in front of these Ukrainian positions.

Southern Ukraine is where many expect the focus of the Ukrainian offensive to be. Russia has already ordered a partial evacuation near the nuclear power plant at Zaporizhzhia.

Ukraine, too, has been rationing artillery rounds in preparation for an attack that will be spearheaded by newly trained brigades of troops and some of the 1,300 armoured vehicles and 230 tanks supplied by the West. Though we have also witnessed convoys of Western military equipment heading East.

Meanwhile, Ukraine's Defence Minister Oleksii Reznikov has tried to dampen down expectations - warning against "overestimating" the outcome.

I ask Yevhen if he feels that pressure too. He says he knows it won't be easy, but adds: "We've already changed the whole world's opinion of the Ukrainian army and we still have lots of surprises."

But this time it may prove harder to conceal the element of surprise.

Matthew phoned William Hill to close his account, but the firm allowed him to carry on betting

A gambling addict has said bookmaker William Hill should have done more to help him stop betting when he was staking thousands on single bets.

Matthew, not his real name, from south Wales, racked up more than £70,000 of debt with William Hill between 2012 and 2019.

Calls showed he was angry and upset, with gambling rules saying bookmakers should intervene at signs of distress.

William Hill said it found no shortcomings in its procedures.

Matthew, a teacher and father of three, had a salary of about £35,000 a year when he started staking small amounts on big events such as the Grand National.

Before long, he was opening online accounts and taking advantage of free bets.

He said this escalated as he "chased" small losses, with his stakes increasing from a couple of pounds to as much as £10,000 at once.

William Hill made him a gold customer - its VIP scheme - and Matthew was soon staking his £2,300 a month take-home salary on payday.

In a Radio 4 documentary named Desperate Calls, Matthew has listened back to 89 phone conversations he had with William Hill.

Most of these were to use a service called "Quick Cash", allowing him to withdraw money directly to the bookmaker without having to wait for money to clear in his bank account.

This service at William Hill is now called CashDirect.

Sometimes he would leave the shop with £5,000 in cash.

Matthew made calls from a phone box as he could no longer afford a mobile phone

Dozens of these calls were made from a dilapidated phone box just outside the shop.

He was spending so much on gambling he could not afford his mobile phone bill.

William Hill said Matthew won many times and withdrew thousands from his account, but Matthew said he would re-stake those winnings almost immediately.

He said: "The dynamics changed rapidly, life revolved around gambling.

"On reflection life was a blur, I struggle to recall much of the last decade, other than some extremely dark thoughts, severe lows and the odd high. Not being focused on family and the people closest to me."

He still owes £70,000 to family and friends.

Many of the calls he made to William Hill showed him to be angry and upset.

The Gambling Commission has rules, saying operators should spot problem gamblers and intervene if they are showing signs of distress.

Matthew said William Hill did not check with him on these points and allowed him to carry on betting.

A member of staff from William Hill's due diligence team phoned Matthew after he said in an email he wanted to "self-exclude" because he was angry over a lack of free bets.

This meant closing his account permanently and banning him from other online betting sites too.

But during the conversation, the staff member discussed self-exclusion and other processes to curb Matthew's gambling, but ultimately allowed him to continue because he thought the complaint was due to the service he was getting and a lack of free bets, rather than a social responsibility issue.

Matthew said he did not say he had a problem because stopping "is not a desirable outcome at that point".

"Underlying all that is you just want to win [the money] back".

It reached a point when Matthew knew he had to stop gambling. His family took him to the GP and he has since had counselling to treat his gambling disorder.

But Matthew wanted to know what had happened: "Once the cycle of gambling was broken I analysed a mountain of data obtained under a subject access request. I wrote a letter of complaint to William Hill."

William Hill said it took customer complaints seriously

William Hill said: "We conducted a thorough investigation into our management of Matthew's account and identified no shortcomings in our safer gambling procedures in relation to Matthew's account requirements during the period in question.

"Ensuring high standards of safer gambling and preventing gambling-related harm is central to the way William Hill operates and we take any customer complaint in this area incredibly seriously, and are committed to driving continuous improvement in this area."

The bookmaker was fined £6.2m in 2018 for failing to protect consumers.

Many of the cases highlighted by the regulator were similar to Matthew's and occurred at about the same time.

A UK government white paper is due to be published soon, with recommendations for strict affordability checks and a new ombudsman for consumer complaints expected.

Currently, people with social responsibility complaints can only write to the Gambling Commission, which cannot comment on what action it is taking, leaving many people in limbo.

Matthew said: "Without significant change there will be many more who fall foul of the pitfalls as I did. More lives destroyed, more families and friendships ruined and more lives lost."

Support for addiction issues is available via the BBC Action Line

Humza Yousaf said he was honoured to have the backing of Mr Swinney, whom he described as "a true giant of the SNP and independence movement"

Deputy First Minister John Swinney has backed Humza Yousaf in the race to replace Nicola Sturgeon as SNP leader and first minister.

Mr Swinney is the most high-profile figure in the party to endorse the Scottish health secretary.

But Kate Forbes' campaign manager said the announcement suggested the SNP hierarchy were "absolutely panicking".

Mr Yousaf is standing against the finance secretary and ex-community safety minister Ash Regan.

SNP members will start voting for the new leader on Monday, with the winner to be announced on 27 March.

Mr Swinney's endorsement comes after the party's Westminster leader Stephen Flynn confirmed he would be supporting Mr Yousaf.

Nicola Sturgeon has previously said she would not be publicly backing any of the three candidates.

Last month John Swinney questioned whether it would be appropriate for someone with Ms Forbes' views to be SNP leader.

He spoke out after the finance secretary, who is a member of the Free Church of Scotland, made clear she would not have voted for gay marriage if she had been an MSP in 2014.

Kate Forbes, Humza Yousaf and Ash Regan will take part in a BBC Scotland debate on Tuesday

In a statement released on Saturday night he said: "Humza is best placed to lead our party because he will strengthen the SNP as a force for progressive change in Scottish politics.

"Humza will govern effectively by using the partnership that we enjoy with the Scottish Green Party - guaranteeing us a pro-independence majority in the Scottish parliament.

"And crucially, Humza will widen our support in attracting new supporters to Scottish Independence."

Mr Swinney, who will stand down as deputy first minister later this month, said Mr Yousaf was the candidate who would "complete our journey to independence" and praised his track record in power.

The Perthshire North MSP added: "Humza is an experienced minister who's done all the tough stuff that you have to do day in day out within government.

"He's put his heart and soul into all the work he's done within the party to make the SNP an inclusive political party."

Mr Yousaf said he was honoured to have the backing of a "true giant of the SNP and independence movement".

He added: "Like Nicola, our party owes so much of our success to John's stewardship.

"John's backing is a massive boost to my progressive grassroots campaign to stand up for Scottish democracy, protect and advance rights, unite our Yes movement and secure independence for Scotland."

It's the endorsement every candidate wanted, short of that of Nicola Sturgeon herself.

Many waited to see what John Swinney was going to do before deciding on their own leadership campaigns, such is his popularity within the SNP.

So this is a coup for Humza Yousaf - and an addition to the host of high-profile backers he has already got in the bag.

It does underline his position as the "continuity candidate", given much of the present regime is now backing him.

And while Mr Yousaf insists he is very much his own man, he has embraced the idea that continuing the electoral success the party has enjoyed would be no bad thing.

There is a slight danger for him in appearing too much of an establishment figure, in a movement with a distinctly anti-establishment ethos.

But he will be hoping that the backing of influential members like Mr Swinney will trickle down to the grassroots and help to deliver victory.

Following Mr Swinney's announcement Ms Forbes' campaign manager questioned the timing of the move.

Falkirk East MSP Michelle Thomson said: "When the current deputy first minister decides to personally intervene in the leadership contest at such a late stage, you get the sense that senior figures in the party have seen the polls and are absolutely panicking.

"Given how close we are to the vote opening, many party members will look upon this 11th hour intervention rather cynically. They don't need to be told by party HQ what to think or how to vote."

Ms Thomson said it appeared the SNP hierarchy would prefer "an establishment transfer of power" rather than allowing its members the freedom to make "a healthy democratic choice".

BBC Scotland has asked Ms Regan's campaign for a response to Mr Swinney's statement.

Kate Forbes speaking at an SNP hustings event at Strathclyde University on Saturday

Veteran SNP MSPs Annabelle Ewing and Christine Grahame are among those to have announced they will be voting for Ms Forbes.

One of the party's best known MPs, Joanna Cherry KC, has given her support to Ms Regan.

The three leadership candidates will take part in an hour-long Debate Night programme from Edinburgh at 20:00 on Tuesday 14 March on BBC One Scotland.

Three men arrested earlier in connection with the attempted murder of Det Ch Insp John Caldwell have been charged with terrorism offences.

Det Ch Insp Caldwell was shot after coaching a youth football team in Omagh, County Tyrone, on 22 February.

The men, aged 45, 47 and 58, have all been charged with preparatory acts of terrorism.

The 45-year-old and the 58-year-old have also been charged with possessing articles for use in terrorism.

They have both been further charged with providing property for the purposes of terrorism.

All three men are expected to appear before Belfast Magistrates' Court on Wednesday.

The men were arrested under the Terrorism Act in Newtownabbey, Coalisland and Belfast on Tuesday.

There have been 31 arrests to date over the attack on Det Ch Insp Caldwell - a figure that includes individuals who have been arrested more than once.

The shooting happened at a sports complex in Omagh

The dissident republican group the New IRA said it carried out the shooting, at a sports complex car park.

Seven men have appeared in court charged in relation to the attack.

The shooting, which happened in front of school children, was widely condemned by political figures across Northern Ireland and beyond.

Nooriyah has been DJing and producing for eight years

You're in a club, the music's pounding and the lights are flashing.

You look up to the DJ booth but there's no-one there, because it's an AI-generated mix.

With mixing software getting more sophisticated and venues cutting back on budgets, that's the worry of some people in the dance music industry.

But can a computer programme ever replace the real-life connection between a DJ and a crowd?

In a word, no. At least not in Nooriyah's opinion.

She's a 28-year-old DJ who lives in London. She plays venues around the world, sometimes to crowds of more than 40,000 people.

AI programmes have been available in her industry for years, recommending songs to mix based on their tempos.

But they haven't taken Nooriyah's job yet, and she thinks she knows why.

"Because the way that I connect with my audiences is very difficult to replicate," she says.

"Imagine a raver looking over at me when I'm DJing, seeing me sweat and dance just like them.

"In that moment they feel that intimate connection that AI couldn't."

Hannah mainly plays garage and bassline in her DJ sets

Hannah Rose learnt to DJ during lockdown and is working towards making it her main source of income.

She's getting lots of work but has noticed venues cutting back budgets as the cost-of-living crisis bites.

"Since Covid there's been a massive shift towards people asking to stream sets," she says.

"Especially when it's somewhere overseas, if they don't have the money to get you to play in a different country, it's an easy and accessible way to get the artists on their line-ups without actually having to physically have them in the room."

Hannah's noticed a lot of nightclubs already have a camera set up for streaming behind the decks.

She's now worried that will extend to virtual sets.

"They've got a long way to go to match the emotional intelligence of a human being, but with AI generating original compositions, it could be quite a dark future for DJs," she says.

In March this year, an East London venue hosted an AI rave to mixed reviews, with some saying the music felt "dry and empty".

Dance music is one of the UK's favourite genres - but DJs say the support it gets doesn't reflect that

It may be that humans make the best DJs but it's not such a straightforward story for producers.

As well as being a DJ, Nooriyah makes her own music.

Her creative process currently involves experimenting with different sounds on software, before mastering tracks. It's this final stage where AI is coming in.

"To me, the conversation about AI in producing is very overdue," she says.

"There are already at least 10 different software programmes that mix music and could put producers out of jobs".

She wants to see a better dialogue between those in the music industry and AI developers.

"I think the danger here is there's work being done without a discussion about what it would mean for the music industry."

One solution, she says, is to tax the AI companies.

"Firstly, let's slow down the release of these AI programmes, and tax the developers, investing that money in putting on training for people who lose their jobs to AI."

Phil Kear agrees. He works with the Music Union and is worried AI will put limits put on the amount people are willing to pay for recordings made by human creators.

"AI music will be cheaper," he says. "And I think that people will be tempted to use it, maybe bars."

Although he says, its full influence will only go as far as humans will let it.

"A lot will be determined by the general public's willingness to accept AI or the quality of the music it can produce."

He doesn't think the majority of commercial music will be impacted, but highlights "background" music as an area at risk.

"With music on TV and films, I think the public will be much more willing to accept AI-generated music because there's no personality associated with it," he says.

"Whereas I think in bars and clubs, there's a certain amount of investment."

Like many industries, the world of music has already been influenced by advances in technology.

For Nooriyah, this development is the same.

"Music has evolved rapidly over time. We went from tapes to CDs, to radio to streaming services, and at every level, there was a disruption. This is no different."

"We need to just recalibrate, find our footing and regulate things so it's an exciting collaborator rather than an enemy."

Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 weekdays - or listen back here.

David Warburton has resigned after a newspaper published allegations of sexual misconduct

An MP who was suspended from the Conservative Party over allegations of sexual misconduct has resigned.

David Warburton, who represents Somerton and Frome in Somerset, is the fourth MP in eight days to announce their resignation.

Mr Warburton said the past 14 months since allegations were published in a national newspaper had been "extraordinarily difficult".

He added that the allegations about him had been "malicious".

The MP had been accused of taking drugs and making unwanted advances towards two women, after they and another woman spoke to the Sunday Times about his conduct. That led to his suspension from the Conservative Party in April last year.

He announced his resignation in an interview with the Mail On Sunday in which the paper reports him as admitting to taking cocaine after drinking "incredibly potent" Japanese whisky.

He added in the interview: "I was set up, but I have been naive and incredibly stupid." He went on to deny the harassment claims he is accused of.

His immediate departure means the Conservatives will now face a fourth by-election.

Mr Warburton has represented his constituency as an independent since losing the Tory whip. A writ for a new election is usually issued with three months of the resignation, according to Parliament's website.

Mr Warburton, who had taken the constituency from the Liberal Democrats in 2015, was re-elected in 2017 and 2019. He won with a majority of 19,213 in that last poll.

"My constituents in Somerton and Frome who elected me three times with overwhelming majorities have for a year been deprived of the voice they need," said Mr Warburton.

"I am so grateful for their many messages of support, and it is with sorrow that I have no choice but to provoke the upheaval of a by-election."

He also said in his three-page resignation letter he had been denied a fair hearing by the Independent Complaints and Grievance Scheme (ICGS) and prevented from "speaking out" while it investigated the accusations.

The House of Commons rejected the claim saying ICGS was "there to ensure all complaints are dealt with in a manner that is fair, thorough, independent and efficient".

In a statement, a Commons spokesman said: "We remain committed to ensuring that lasting cultural change can be delivered for all of those in Parliament."

Mr Warburton joins Boris Johnson and Nigel Adams who resigned last week triggering by-elections in their constituencies.

Nadine Dorries also announced her resignation, but said her departure would not be immediate as she wanted to stay while she seeks to investigate how she was denied a seat in the Lords on Boris Johnson's resignation honours list.

Labour's national campaign co-ordinator Shabana Mahmood accused Prime Minister Rishi Sunak of being "too weak to act himself" after Mr Warburton resigned "in disgrace".

Liberal Democrat deputy leader Daisy Cooper said: "Time after time the Conservatives have mired themselves in sleaze and scandal neglecting the issues that really matter to people. Then they decided it was OK to leave local people in this seat without any proper representation at all."

Will the indictment help or hinder Trump?

Donald Trump’s next court date is not until December - which means he will be appearing as a criminal defendant just weeks before the Republican primary elections which determine who becomes the presidential candidate. Will that be a problem for his campaign – or can he turn this prosecution to his electoral advantage? In the days since it was announced he was to face criminal charges, his poll ratings have risen and his campaign claims to have raised over $10m. So his strategy of claiming to be the victim of a politically- motivated legal witch hunt seems to be working – so far. But Donald Trump is facing more legal investigations. He could yet be charged in the state of Georgia with trying to interfere with the results of the 2020 presidential elections. And in Washington DC a special counsel is looking at his role in the Jan 6th riots at the US capitol and the hundreds of classified documents found at his Florida home. Even for a politician with as much bravado as Donald Trump, fighting a presidential election at the same time as one or more criminal court cases will be more than a little complicated. Read more: What are the chances Trump could turn this prosecution into an election asset?

Last updated on .From the section Football

Jess Fishlock inspired Wales to a 4-0 win over Croatia as their bid to qualify for a first major tournament got off to a dream start in Wrexham.

Fishlock scored within four minutes of the start of both halves on a night where Wales underlined their status as group favourites.

The Seattle Reign player also turned provider for Rachel Rowe who added a third goal for Wales on 51 minutes on a dream night for Wales' new boss, Rhian Wilkinson.

Angharad James' volley from an acute angle added gloss to the finish as Wales enjoyed a victorious return to the Stok Racecourse after a four-year hiatus.

There is little doubt that Wales will rely on the brilliance of their most-capped player, Fishlock, who made her 149th Wales appearance in Wrexham, as they bid to reach a first major finals.

Still one of the world's elite players at the age of 37, Fishlock says this will be her last qualification campaign and it took a matter of minutes for her to make her mark as she bids to drag Wales to unchartered territory.

The opening goal was a vindication of the more fluid system, with Rowe - now in an attacking central midfield role - producing a driving run and expertly timed pass to allow Fishlock the time and space to calmly slot the ball under Doris Bacic.

Fishlock was central to Wales' attacking play as they dominated possession and restricted Croatia to defending extremely deeply with 10 players behind the ball at virtually all times.

Wales were restricted to half chances after going ahead, with Rowe firing wide and captain Sophie Ingle seeing a shot blocked, but they almost doubled their advantage just before the interval when Hayley Ladd's floating cross picked out Elise Hughes, but she headed over from close-range.

Fishlock was not to be denied though and she doubled Wales' lead on 49 minutes, heading home after her initial lobbed effort struck the crossbar - a player so good, she even does one-twos with the woodwork.

The goals, Fishlock's 41st and 42nd in her 149th game, puts her ahead of Gareth Bale as Wales' second-top scorer, just two goals behind Helen Ward.

"I think she will break my record by the end of this campaign if not sooner," Ward said.

"She has been an absolute superstar for Wales for so many years. She is making history all the time. If anyone is going to take that record I would be delighted to see Jess do it."

Wales' new boss Wilkinson had promised pre-match that she was looking to implement her own coaching ideas slowly, favouring a "evolution rather than revolution" approach with a side she says are "on a mission" to qualify for a first major finals.

She was as good as her word as she opted to make just one alteration to the Wales side that impressed in a friendly win in Dublin, with Ella Powell replacing Josie Green who missed out through illness.

Wilkinson, capped 183 times by Canada but who has a Welsh mother, has spoken about her desire to fully embrace her heritage and she did an impressive job of singing Hen Wlad Fy Nhadau before kick-off.

It remains a little early in her tenure to assess exactly what a Wilkinson team is going to look like, but certainly it appears Wales will continue to try and play a more expansive, possession-based game.

Wales had 79% possession in the first half as they controlled the contest, while she also made an attacking change at half-time, introducing Ffion Morgan to replace Powell at right wing-back.

Wales' increased attacking impetus was obvious after the interval especially and after Fishlock's close-range header doubled Wales' lead, it was a matter of how many goals Wales would score.

Fishlock turned provider for Wales' third goal, crossing to Rowe when she could have shot, with Rowe firing into the bottom corner to make the result safe.

There was still time for Wales to push for more and they showed a clinical touch in front of goal with James spectacularly volleying home from an acute angle after Gemma Evans' cross-field pass caught out goalkeeper Bacic, who also saved to deny Mary McAteer a first Wales goal.

Substitute Ceri Holland struck the crossbar with a long-range effort as Wales pushed on, with Wilkinson even afforded the luxury of giving Fishlock, Rowe and Ingle a rest ahead of Wales' visit to Kosovo on Tuesday.
• None Attempt blocked. Ffion Morgan (Wales Women) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Ceri Holland.
• None Attempt missed. Lois Joel (Wales Women) left footed shot from outside the box is too high.
• None Attempt saved. Mary McAteer (Wales Women) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Ffion Morgan with a cross.
• None Attempt saved. Lois Joel (Wales Women) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Angharad James.
• None Attempt saved. Tea Vracevic (Croatia Women) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal.
• None Attempt missed. Lois Joel (Wales Women) right footed shot from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by Lily Woodham with a cross following a corner.
• None Attempt blocked. Lily Woodham (Wales Women) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

"We had to flee. Or my daughters and I would have been killed," Fatina al-Ghoul says, weeping as she looks back at a pile of rubble that was once her home.

A bulldozer has already arrived and is clearing up debris from her street, which has been left in ruins.

She and nine other women, her family and neighbours, fled their homes in Jenin's refugee camp during one of the largest Israeli operations in the occupied West Bank in years.

Fatina's family is one of hundreds now returning to what's left of their homes, decimated by drone strikes and fighting between the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) and armed Palestinians.

The IDF described it as a "counter-terrorism operation", saying they were targeting weapons stores and manufacturing facilities belonging to militant groups in the area.

But the Palestinian foreign ministry condemned the operation as "open war against the people of Jenin".

Hundreds of Israeli troops backed by drone strikes entered Jenin refugee camp - where almost 24,000 people live in an area of less than half a square kilometre - on Monday morning, triggering intense gun battles with armed Palestinians inside.

Palestinian health officials said 12 Palestinians were killed over the next two days, including four children, and that more than 100 others were injured. The Israeli military said one of its soldiers was killed as its forces started to withdraw on Tuesday night.

Thousands attend the funerals of the 12 Palestinians killed during the two-day Israeli military operation in Jenin

"My house has been completely destroyed. Everything is broken and burned. It's all damaged," Fatina says.

Several local hospitals also told the BBC that they were struggling to cope with the fallout from the fighting.

Thousands of locals also took to the streets on Wednesday for the funerals of those killed. So far, it has been confirmed to the BBC that eight of the dead were members of the military wings of the main Palestinian factions.

Guns were fired in support of the deceased fighters.

Many residents say they blame the Palestinian Authority (PA), the main governing body of the Palestinians in the West Bank, for not protecting them during the operation.

Videos circulating online showed two PA representatives forced to leave a funeral after being chastised by the crowd.

Residents complained that at the beginning of the operation the PA's security forces simply allowed the Israeli military vehicles to enter the city.

Fatina says she also blames the PA for their lack of action. "This is our home. We are living in fear, and we are the only ones left to protect it."

"There are agreements between the PA and Israel. The PA has not broken the agreement and security services have done their job during the military operation according to what it was asked to do by the Palestinian leadership," Mayor of Jenin City and PA member Akram Rajoub told the BBC.

One fighter from a Palestinian militant group said that Israeli forces had successful destroyed several of its facilities, including a storage unit containing explosives.

However, the scale of the operation inside a densely populated city and refugee camp was criticised by the UN's human rights chief.

For many residents like Fatina, immediate access to drinking water, food and shelter is now critical.

"Tonight we will sleep on the streets. We can't even sit down inside the house. There is nowhere else to go, for us or any of our neighbours."

The streets inside Jenin's refugee camp have been decimated

Maya Forstater found herself out of a job after tweeting "gender-critical" views

A woman who lost out on a job after tweeting gender-critical views is to get a £100,000 payout after a decision from an employment tribunal.

Tax expert Maya Forstater did not have her contract renewed in March 2019 after writing tweets saying people could not change their biological sex.

She was found to have experienced discrimination while working for the Centre for Global Development (CGD).

The think tank said it would continue to try to build an inclusive workplace.

In their decision on Friday, three London judges said Ms Forstater should receive compensation of £91,500 and interest of £14,904.31.

The sum is to reflect lost earnings, injury to feelings and aggravated damages after the CGD's decision not to renew her contract or fellowship.

Ms Forstater, the founder of campaign group Sex Matters, believes biological sex is immutable and not to be conflated with gender identity.

She told The Times on Friday that the ruling "sends a message to employers that this is discrimination like any other discrimination".

Ms Forstater was congratulated in a tweet by Harry Potter author JK Rowling, who has courted controversy with her own statements on trans issues.

The contentious and high-profile case even proved divisive in the courts.

Ms Forstater lost her original case in 2019, when she was told by a tribunal judge that her approach was "not worthy of respect in a democratic society".

But she appealed, and won the backing two years later of a High Court judge - who said her views were protected by the Equality Act 2010.

A fresh tribunal was ordered, and ruled last year that Ms Forstater experienced "direct discrimination" related to her beliefs.

Commenting on the July 2022 ruling, charity Stonewall said the decision did not "change the reality of trans people's workplace protection".

It added: "No-one has the right to discriminate against, or harass, trans people simply because they disagree with their existence and participation in society."

Responding to Friday's tribunal decision, a CGD representative said the organisation "has and will continue to strive to maintain a workplace that is welcoming, safe and inclusive to all" and would now be able "once again to focus exclusively on our mission - reducing global poverty and inequality through economic research that drives better policy and practice".

Culture Club reunited in 2014, but Jon Moss (second right) said he was fired in 2018

Culture Club will pay former drummer Jon Moss £1.75m to end a legal battle after he claimed they "expelled" him.

Mr Moss had been due to take his ex-bandmates to court in a dispute over the group's earnings next week.

The case will not go ahead after singer Boy George, guitarist Roy Hay and bassist Mikey Craig agreed a judgement should be made in favour of Mr Moss.

The quartet found fame in the 1980s with pop hits such as Karma Chameleon and Do You Really Want To Hurt Me?

Mr Moss took legal action after allegedly being "expelled" by the group's manager in September 2018.

A six-day High Court trial in London had been due to determine the value of the Culture Club name, the profits made by the band since Moss's alleged expulsion, and the amount he might be entitled to receive.

Boy George, whose real name is George O'Dowd, Mr Craig and Mr Hay were all previously defending against Mr Moss's claims.

But a court order published on Tuesday said the band had agreed to end the dispute, and are required to pay Mr Moss £1.75m immediately.

It also said the drummer had agreed to relinquish any right to the Culture Club name and its use, including in connection with concerts and merchandise.

Mr Moss and Boy George were romantic, as well as musical partners in the band's early days, but later fell out.

The group reunited in 2014 but Mr Moss has said he was fired during the Life tour in 2018.

The High Court trial had also been due to cover Mr Moss's additional claim that he was owed an "outstanding balance" of $246,000 (£201,000) under the terms of a band agreement for the tour.

He claimed Boy George "conspired to defraud" him over the tour money and that funds were released to a US company which he stated was controlled by the singer. The company, You Give Me Life, and another, Other Places Drama, were also named as defendants in the case.

Sunak: 'This is new tech that Britain can lead the world in'

Rishi Sunak is now in Aberdeenshire explaining the oil and gas project in the north east of Scotland. He says Scotland will be "leading the world" with new carbon capture storage technology and that it will "speed our way towards net zero" and is "entirely consistent" with the plan. Sunak says the approach is also "better for the economy and jobs". He's asked if the approach will extend issues with the fossil fuel industry. Sunak explains that when it comes to our energy security "25% of our energy will come from oil and gas" even in 2050. "If we are going to need it, better to have it here at home than shipping it across the world which will require further CO2 emissions," he adds. Sunak also emphasises: "It's exciting news for the Acorn cluster for businesses to come together and talk to government about how they plan to deliver carbon capture. Scotland is well placed to lead the world in the technology. "I feel very optimistic about the future."

Last updated on .From the section Women's World Cup

Coverage : Live on BBC TV, BBC iPlayer, BBC Radio 5 Live, BBC Sounds and the BBC Sport website & app.

Manuela Vanegas scored a 97th-minute winner as Colombia stunned Germany at the 2023 Fifa Women's World Cup.

Linda Caicedo netted a wondergoal to give the South Americans the lead, before Germany equalised with an 89th-minute Alexandra Popp penalty.

Vanegas then headed Leicy Santos' corner past Merle Frohms to send the vast numbers of Colombia supporters at Sydney Football Stadium wild.

It condemned Germany to a first World Cup group stage defeat since 1995.

A manic ending came after Caicedo, 18, had brilliantly curled into the top corner on 53 minutes to shock the two-time world champions.

The final round of fixtures in this group kick off at 11.00 BST on 3 August, with Colombia taking on Morocco and Germany facing South Korea.

Colombia need a point to top the group, while Germany may need victory to be sure of reaching the knock-outs.

"Obviously, you need to be happy and euphoric because this is a great win for the whole country and we've been feeling this," said Colombia assistant coach Angelo Marsiglia.

"But look, the game and the tournament still continues so we'll go step by step. We have a very mature team and they know what they want."

Germany's Lina Magull said before this game that they were ready for Colombia's "passion" and physicality - but they got far more than they bargained for.

Facing the two-time world champions, Colombia made the game a real battle with plenty of midfield scraps and tough challenges, with Germany rarely able to find any form of rhythm.

After going behind to Caicedo's moment of magic, Germany appeared to have got away with a point when Colombia keeper Catalina Perez fouled Lena Oberdorf and captain Popp tucked away the penalty.

Colombia however had other ideas, and it was the unlikely figure of full-back Vanegas who sent their supporters into ecstasy.

Huge numbers of Colombia fans were present at their opening win over South Korea at the same stadium, and they made themselves known again in numbers and noise here. At the final whistle, it seemed Sydney had been transformed into Bogota.

The only worrying moment for Colombia was centre-back Jorelyn Carabali being taken off on a stretcher in the final seconds after a collision with Popp.

Germany's run of 20 successive Women's World Cup group games unbeaten - stretching back to a 3-2 loss to Sweden, 28 years ago - is at an end.

Far more concerning for them was their defeat by physical and committed opponents, which will raise some doubts as they aim to reach a first final since they last won the global title in 2007.

"It's up to us," said Germany coach Martina Voss-Tecklenburg. "It's up to us how we play and it's our job to do that. I'm really not worried that we won't make it through."

Caicedo's career journey to this point has been far from ordinary - she made her professional debut aged 14 before being diagnosed with ovarian cancer aged 15, undergoing chemotherapy and surgery.

Her build-up to this game was not smooth either. She collapsed during a training session on Tuesday, although the Colombian camp played down the issue as being due to stress and fatigue.

Plenty of stress is being placed on Caicedo, who is still only 18, being the key figure in Colombia's attack - but early in the second half, she demonstrated exactly why with what could be called her 'Michael Owen moment'.

Aged 18 at the 1998 World Cup, England striker Owen streaked through the Argentina defence to score a remarkable individual goal.

In 2023, Caicedo twisted and turned to somehow find a yard of space among a crowd of Germany players, before curling the ball unstoppably over keeper Frohms.

If the football world did not know the name Linda Caicedo before, they surely do now. And if the football world was not paying attention to Colombia, they surely are now.
• None Substitution, Colombia. Mónica Ramos replaces Jorelyn Carabalí because of an injury.
• None Delay over. They are ready to continue.
• None Delay in match because of an injury Jorelyn Carabalí (Colombia).
• None Goal! Germany 1, Colombia 2. Manuela Vanegas (Colombia) header from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Leicy Santos with a cross following a corner.
• None Attempt blocked. Mayra Ramírez (Colombia) right footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Leicy Santos.
• None Goal! Germany 1, Colombia 1. Alexandra Popp (Germany) converts the penalty with a left footed shot to the centre of the goal.
• None Catalina Pérez (Colombia) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
• None Penalty conceded by Catalina Pérez (Colombia) after a foul in the penalty area.
• None Attempt saved. Leicy Santos (Colombia) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Manuela Vanegas with a headed pass.
• None Delay over. They are ready to continue. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: The fight over TikTok explained in 60 seconds

On Thursday, TikTok's CEO, Shou Zi Chew, will be opening a lion's mouth and placing his own head into it.

He's giving testimony in the US Congress for the first time, a scary thing to do.

And at stake is the future of the phenomenally popular video-sharing app in the US.

"I think that there is a real risk that if this hearing doesn't go well… that could have a massive impact on the future of TikTok," said Chris Stokel-Walker, author of TikTok Boom.

Mr Chew is likely to face a barrage of questions on TikTok's relationship with China, what data it collects, and what it does with it.

He'll also be quizzed on why several journalists were spied on by ByteDance employees - something TikTok has already admitted.

Mr Chew will say user data is safe - away from the reach of the Chinese government.

He knows politicians from all sides want to see the platform either sold - or outright banned in the US.

"He's going into the lion's den," said Mr Stokel-Walker.

Mr Chew is going to need to give the performance of a lifetime. And already, close observers have seen a change of tactic from the Singaporean.

TikTok's boss, who has had a range of senior positions in the world of finance, generally sports a suit jacket and tie.

But on Tuesday, he posted a TikTok with a very different look.

Instead of a suit, he was wearing a white T-shirt and hoodie - the uniform of the nonchalant tech founder.

The 40-year-old was suddenly speaking like a teenager too - talking of being "super excited".

"I think he's trying to give off a sort of the casual tech bro," said Caitlin Chin from the Center for Strategic and International Studies, a bipartisan think tank.

"He's actually been starting to gain a bit more of a public profile, especially leading up to this hearing."

The Singaporean has generally kept a low profile since taking over at TikTok in 2021.

However, that approach appears to have changed. TikTok is fighting for its life, and Mr Chew knows it.

The big problem TikTok has in the US and Europe is that it is owned by a Chinese company, ByteDance.

And in China, there are specific laws that require companies to hand over information to the Chinese Communist Party if requested.

Shou Zi Chew and his wife, Vivian Kao, attend the 2022 Met Gala in New York City

TikTok holds reams of data about its users, including location information and biometric data.

For years TikTok has argued that it would never hand over user information.

It has spent tens of millions of dollars on lobbying efforts and strategies to appease governments.

At the heart of its attempt to convince US lawmakers is "Project Texas".

This is the company's commitment to store US data in the US - on servers run by a US company - Oracle.

The company says so far it has spent $1.5bn on this project - and describes it as a "firewall" that protects data from foreign governments.

TikTok had hoped it would satisfy politicians on all sides.

Last year Mr Chew wrote to politicians saying he believed the project would "safeguard user data and US national security interests".

But sadly for TikTok, Project Texas has been looked at sceptically by both Republicans and Democrats.

For many US politicians, for as long as TikTok has a Chinese owner, it will be considered suspicious.

Last month FBI director Christopher Wray didn't mince his words about the platform.

"This is a tool that is ultimately within the control of the Chinese Government. And to me, it screams out with national security concerns," he said.

For most US lawmakers, TikTok would be a far more palatable platform if it were not owned by a Chinese company.

Last week it was reported by the Wall Street Journal that the Biden administration had requested the company be sold for this reason.

This is not what ByteDance wants. TikTok has enormous potential. And besides, the Chinese company doesn't wish to sell its greatest asset simply because US politicians want them to.

This is the backdrop to Thursday's congressional hearing.

We already have a fair idea of what Mr Chew is going to say from TikTok briefings.

He'll argue that 150 million American users will lose out if the platform is banned - and that thousands of small businesses rely on the platform.

He'll push back on the idea that ByteDance is Chinese-owned - saying the company has many international investors.

And he'll also argue that Chinese laws cannot compel ByteDance to share American data - because TikTok is a US-based company, with its data stored in the US.

But often these hearings make headlines for one or perhaps two specific exchanges.

Mark Zuckerberg's famous Senate hearing in 2018 is often remembered for one brilliant question from Senator Richard Durbin.

"Mr Zuckerberg, would you be comfortable sharing with us which hotel you stayed in last night?" he said.

The Facebook boss looked visibly uncomfortable before saying "no".

"I think that might be what this is all about…your right to privacy," the senator said.

It's these curveball questions that Shou Zi Chew should fear most.

If you feel like you're not getting paid enough, you're probably not alone.

While average wages have been increasing, they haven't been keeping up with the rising cost of living, which means many people are finding it harder to get by.

Recent months have seen waves of strikes, with tens of thousands of workers walking out in disputes over pay, jobs and conditions.

Many of these strikes are taking place in the public sector, where workers often do not have the power to negotiate individually.

And whether you work in the public or private sector, even if you do have a conversation with your manager there's no guarantee that it will result in a pay rise.

However, there are ways to give yourself the best chance of success.

We spoke to recruiters, a manager and a workplace psychologist to get five tips on how to best negotiate for more money.

Jill Cotton, a career trends experts at jobs site Glassdoor, says scheduling a talk in advance will allow you and your boss time to prepare, and means you're more likely to have a productive conversation.

"Don't spring this on your line manager," Ms Cotton says. "Be upfront and say that you want to book in a conversation that is specifically about pay."

Rowsonara Begum, who helps her brother run Saffron Indian takeaway in Salisbury, says it also needs to be the right time for the business.

The takeaway has five members of staff and occasionally takes on additional workers during busy periods.

Rowsonara Begum says workers seeking a pay rise should ask at a good time

She says if workers pick a time when the business is doing well, they will have the best chance of successfully negotiating more money.

If you're asking for a pay rise, you should have lots of evidence of why you deserve one.

"Know what you've achieved either from a work setting or what you've done to develop yourself, maybe to support your team, support your line managers. List all the pros of what you've done," says Shan Saba, a director at Glasgow-based recruitment firm Brightwork.

This evidence also helps your manager rationalise why you should be paid more, according to Stephanie Davies, a workplace psychologist.

"The brain needs a 'why' - why should I pay you this amount?" she says.

However, it's not just about bringing a list of all the things you've done. You should also be clear about what you want to do next, says Mr Saba.

"If you have aspirations of moving up through your organisation, have a plan of what you're looking to do over the coming year."

When asking your boss for more money, it helps if you're confident and know your worth.

That's something Ms Begum has noticed, from her experience of having these talks with staff.

"Here in Salisbury, it's quite difficult to get the staff we need," she says.

"It's also become harder to recruit from overseas. So workers have negotiating power because they know there's a shortage."

Often people don't feel confident because there is a "stigma" around talking about pay, says Glassdoor's Jill Cotton, but it's "an important part of work".

Women and people from minority backgrounds can often find it particularly hard to ask for more more, adds psychologist Stephanie Davies.

Her advice to them is to ask for a mentor or role model, who can help guide them through those conversations.

Most experts agree it's best to have an exact figure in mind before embarking on a conversation about pay.

Do your research, advises James Reed, chair of recruitment firm Reed.

"You can go online and look at job adverts and see what other comparable jobs are being recruited for and what the salaries are," he says.

Ms Cotton warns the figure should be realistic.

"We would all love to be paid millions of pounds every single year. But we are being paid to fulfil a role with the skillset we have," she says.

If the above steps don't result in a pay rise, try not to be disheartened.

"Sometimes these conversations can take a while, even months, but it's important to keep the communication open," says Ms Begum.

Pay is also not the be-all and end-all, says Mr Reed.

"It's not just necessarily about money. You might be able to get more holiday or more flexibility around working hours," he says, adding you could also negotiate extra training and development.

And if you don't feel you're getting what you want from your employer, remember, there are other opportunities out there.

"You can always look elsewhere, that's the really big lesson," says Ms Davies.

Death Valley, California, hit a US record of 134 degrees Fahrenheit (56.6C) in 1913. One hundred years later tourists are tracking to the desert to be there when a new record breaks. But not everyone is in a mood to celebrate.

Last week Nadine Dorries said she would resign her Mid Bedfordshire seat with immediate effect

Former cabinet minister Nadine Dorries has said she will not resign until she gets more information on why she was denied a peerage.

The Boris Johnson ally announced last Friday she would be standing down as MP for Mid Bedfordshire "with immediate effect".

Ms Dorries accused Rishi Sunak's team of removing her name from Mr Johnson's resignation honours list.

In a tweet, she said she had requested all correspondence around her removal.

Ms Dorries said she had put in Subject Access Requests to the House of Lords Appointments Commission (HOLAC), Cabinet Secretary and the Cabinet Office.

Subject Access Requests allow an individual to receive a copy of all their personal data held by a government department.

Freedom of Information expert Martin Rosenbaum has pointed out that under the Data Protection Act 2018, the right of access to personal data does not apply to data processed for the honours system.

In a multi-tweet thread Ms Dorries said she had requested copies of WhatsApp messages, texts, emails and meeting minutes. relating to the process of her nomination for the House of Lords

Once she receives them she will "take the time to properly consider the information I am provided", Ms Dorries added.

She went on to say it is "absolutely my intention to resign" but "this process is now sadly necessary".

She added that her "office continues to function as normal and will of course continue to serve my constituents".

Before Ms Dorries' announcement, No 10 said it was important for her constituents to have "certainty".

"It is obviously unusual to have an MP say they will resign with immediate effect and for that not to take place," the prime minister's press secretary added.

Mr Johnson also announced he was leaving Parliament on Friday, ahead of a Commons report expected to accuse him of misleading MPs over the Partygate scandal, which is due to be published on Thursday.

Nigel Adams, one of Mr Johnson's other close allies, stood down as an MP on Monday, following reports his name was also removed from the list of approved peerages.

The by-elections to replace them were triggered on Wednesday, with 3 July or 20 July the possible polling dates.

While Ms Dorries remains a member of Parliament, she can turn up in the House of Commons chamber to make her views known.

Anything she says would be covered by parliamentary privilege, allowing her to be outspoken on any issue, without fear of legal consequences.

The Conservatives - who are trailing Labour in national polls - wanted to conclude swift campaigns before Parliament's summer recess and for any political pain from the by-elections to be short and sharp.

But if Ms Dorries keeps her party waiting, she could force them into a potentially divisive by-election later on - for example, ahead of the autumn party conference season.

A kitchen shrine adorned with serpents, a bakery, human skeletons, exquisite frescos, and yes, a picture of something that looks very much like pizza. These are among the new finds being turned up at the Pompeii Archaeological Park.

Dig anywhere in the ancient city destroyed by Mount Vesuvius in AD79 and you will unearth a treasure - a snapshot of a lost Roman world.

It's extraordinary to think that one-third of the city buried under pumice and ash has yet to be excavated.

"Much of that will be for future generations," says Alessandro Russo, the co-lead archaeologist on the new dig.

"We have a problem to conserve what we've already found. Future generations may have new ideas, new techniques."

The latest work returns to a sector in the park last explored in the late 19th Century.

Back then, archaeologists had opened up the frontage of houses on Via Di Nola, one of Pompeii's main thoroughfares, but hadn't delved far behind.

They had identified a laundry but that was about it.

Excavation work under way in the searing summer heat, in the shadow of Mount Vesuvius

Now, the diggers are progressively pulling away the volcanic ash and pea-sized stones, known as lapilli, that smothered Pompeii during the two catastrophic days of the Vesuvian eruption.

The dig site is, in effect, a whole city block. It is known as an insula and is some 3,000 sq m (32,000 sq ft) in size.

BBC News has been given exclusive access to the investigation with Lion TV, which is making a three-part series to be aired early next year on the BBC.

The giant oven could have baked 100 loaves of bread daily

"Every room in every house has its own micro-story in the grander story of Pompeii. I want to uncover those micro-stories," says Gennaro Iovino.

The other co-lead archaeologist wants you to imagine that you are entering a delightful atrium - an entrance hall - with a hole in the roof where lion figureheads direct rainwater down onto a fountain, next to a statue.

The builders were clearly doing some repairs at the time of the eruption because the roof tiles are neatly stacked in two piles. But this is not a magnificent villa, like some of the imposing homes found elsewhere in Pompeii.

This building would have been part-commercial because, on turning right, you are confronted by a giant oven, big enough to be producing 100 loaves a day.

Roughly 50 bakeries have already been found in Pompeii. This, however, can't have been a shop because there is no shop front.

It's more likely to have been a wholesaler, distributing bread across town, perhaps to the many fast-food joints for which Pompeii was so famous.

The discovery of a fresco depicting a piece of round flatbread on a silver tray, accompanied by pomegranate, dates, nuts and arbutus fruits, caused a sensation when it was announced to the world in June.

It's not a pizza, though. Tomatoes and mozzarella, two ingredients in the classic Neapolitan recipe, were not available in Italy in the first century AD.

Perhaps it's a piece of focaccia? The pizza thing started as a bit of a joke, says Gennaro. "I emailed a picture to my boss, saying 'first the oven, now the pizza'."

With Naples - the home of pizza - a short distance away, the discovery naturally caused a sensation

The world just went crazy after that. A cover will soon be built over the fresco to try to protect it from the elements.

The 20,000 visitors who come to Pompeii every day will demand to see the "ancestor to the pizza", as some are now describing the fresco subject.

For the moment, the skeletons are being kept in a specially constructed store room

It's easy to forget that Pompeii was a human tragedy. We have little idea how many died. You have to believe most residents left when they saw the horror unfolding at the top of Vesuvius.

Skeletons have been recovered, perhaps 1,300 to 1,500 in total, and the new dig has its own examples: two women and a child of unknown sex.

A ball joint at the top of a human thigh bone (femur)

Looking at where the victims were found, it's obvious that they were trying to take cover, hoping that by hiding under a staircase, they would be safe.

What they hadn't counted on was the roof collapsing from the weight of all the lapilli and ash. The heavy stonework smashed their bodies.

The drama of those momentous days in October AD79 are also revealed on the other side of the atrium in what was once a bedroom.

The bed itself is a charred mass - caused by a fire. It is barely recognisable apart from its broad outline seared into the walls and floor.

The bedroom might have caught fire when a lamp was knocked over in the panic to escape the eruption

If you look closely at the debris, you can see blackened fragments of the textile bedclothes and even the filling from the mattress.

A fragment of what is left of the mattress

Archaeologists can tell from the position of these carbonised remains that the fire occurred relatively early in the eruption. They speculate that a lamp might have been knocked over in the panic to get out.

"It would be interesting to understand who were the people that didn't make it," wonders park director Gabriel Zuchtriegel.

Wall paintings that look like modern-day wallpaper - "We're always looking for a surprise," says Gabriel Zuchtriegel

"Were they the poor? More women than men? Or maybe people who had property and tried to stay to protect what they had, while others who had nothing just took off and ran."

Towards the back of the area so far excavated there is a wall that encloses three rooms. It's here that the removal of lapilli and ash has exposed more astonishing artwork.

In the middle room, covered by a tarpaulin, is yet another elegant fresco. It shows the episode in the myth of Achilles where the legendary hero soldier - with his unfortunate Achilles heel - tried to hide dressed as a woman to avoid fighting in the Trojan War.

In the third room, I pull back another tarp to reveal a magnificent shrine. Two yellow serpents in relief slither up a burgundy background. "These are good demons," says Alessandro. He points to a fresco further down the wall just above an opening to a box of some kind.

"This room is actually a kitchen. They would have made offerings here to their gods. Foods like fish or fruits. The snake is a connection between the gods and the humans."

As the insula is further revealed, scaffolding is being put up around what remains of the buildings to make protective roofing. In the future, the park hopes to erect a high walkway so tourists can see the new treasures that are emerging.

"People sometimes ask [us], 'What would you like to find? What are you looking for?'" explains Gabriel. He says such questions are misleading.

"What we're really looking for is what we don't know. We're always looking for a surprise. It's all emerging evidence, leading us somewhere, but we don't know where that journey goes."

Additional reporting by Rebecca Morelle, Alison Francis and Tony Jolliffe. The BBC/Lion TV series (Pompeii: The New Dig) will be broadcast early next year.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

Face masks depicting Wagner chief Yevgeny Prigozhin and Russian President Vladimir Putin on sale at a souvenir market in St Petersburg last month

Russian President Vladimir Putin met Yevgeny Prigozhin five days after the Wagner mercenary boss led a failed mutiny, the Kremlin has revealed. The BBC's Russia Editor gets to grips with the latest twist in the Wagner saga.

So, let me get this straight.

On the morning of 24 June, the day of the mutiny, Vladimir Putin accused the Wagner leadership of "treachery" and "a stab in the back". Later that day, Russian air force pilots were killed, shot down by Wagner fighters.

Then, with the mercenaries just 200km (120 miles) from the Russian capital, the Kremlin and Wagner did a deal. The mutiny was over. No-one was arrested. No-one has been prosecuted.

Not only was Yevgeny Prigozhin not clapped in irons and hauled off to the police station for his rebellion - it's now emerged that five days later he was in the Kremlin, together with his commanders, sitting round the table and chatting with President Putin.

Yet another twist and turn in a story that's already surpassed Dostoyevsky for levels of surprise and mystery.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Where is Yevgeny Prigozhin? And why does it matter?

What we don't know, though, is what exactly was said at that meeting and how it concluded. Judging by what's happened since, this was no "kiss and make up".

In recent days, the Russian state media has been working overtime to discredit Mr Prigozhin.

Potentially embarrassing photographs allegedly taken during the raid of his St Petersburg mansion were leaked to social media and Russian TV. They showed gold bars, weapons and - bizarrely - a large collection of wigs.

Last night Russia-1's flagship show, News of the Week, continued the character assassination.

A report about Mr Prigozhin claimed: "He's not the Robin Hood he tried to pass himself off as. He was a businessman with a criminal past. Many of his projects were dodgy and not always within the law."

And what of that deal between the Kremlin and Wagner to end the mutiny on 24 June? According to the agreement, Mr Prigozhin was supposed to leave Russia for Belarus, along with those Wagner fighters who expressed the desire to join him.

Last week the leader of Belarus, Alexander Lukashenko, told us that the Wagner chief and his mercenaries weren't there. To summarise his point: they might end up in Belarus - but they might not.

So that's all clear then. Not.

Where are Wagner? Where is Mr Prigozhin? What are their plans? What have they agreed with Mr Putin?

For now, all I can say is this: stay tuned for the next (inevitably bizarre) episode of Russia: the June Mutiny and the Kremlin.

Umbrellas to ward off the heat in Seville this week

Spain recorded its hottest ever temperature for April on Thursday, hitting 38.8C according to the country's meteorological service.

The record figure was reached in Cordoba airport in southern Spain just after 15:00 local time (14:00 BST).

For days a blistering heatwave has hit the country with temperatures 10-15C warmer than expected for April.

It's been driven by a mass of very hot air from Africa, coupled with a slow moving weather system.

"This is not normal. Temperatures are completely out of control this year," Cayetano Torres, a spokesman for Spain's meteorological office, told BBC News.

Experts were surprised by the scale of the heat experienced across southern Spain in recent days.

"This heat event in Spain is absolutely extreme, unprecedented with temperatures never seen before in April. In some locations records are being beaten by a 5C margin, which is something that has happened only a handful of times at weather stations around the world," said Maximiliano Herrera, a climatologist who runs an Extreme Temperatures twitter account.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Why is it so hot in Spain this week?

Schools will be allowed to adapt their timetables to avoid the worst of the heat. The Madrid underground has trains passing more frequently than usual in order to prevent long waits on the platform, and public swimming pools are expected to open a month earlier than normal.

Cristina Linares, a scientist at the Carlos III Health Institute, warned in particular of the impact on the poor.

"Poverty is the key factor when it comes to explaining why there are more deaths associated with extreme temperatures. Income is the factor with the closest link to the impact of heat on day-to-day deaths."

Heatwaves are also striking many locations globally as climate change exacerbates naturally high temperatures.

While parts of Britain are cooler than average right now, the opposite is the case in many regions of Spain.

Meteorologists say that a combination of factors is responsible for the exceptional temperatures being seen there this week.

Hot weather across North Africa is pushing heat into Europe. A high pressure weather system plus clear skies over the Iberian peninsula are allowing more sunshine to hit the ground, which is already so dry it can't evaporate the heat.

The high temperatures come on top of long running drought in many parts of Spain. Reservoirs in the Guadalquivir basin are only at 25% of capacity.

This combination is raising the prospect of early forest fires, with the national weather service warning that large swathes of the country would be at risk. Spain saw the most land burned of any country in Europe in 2022.

Climate change is very likely playing a role in this heatwave, according to experts in the field.

"We know that 2022 was the second warmest year on record for Europe, and it was the warmest summer on record," Dr Samantha Burgess from the Copernicus climate change service told BBC News.

"Europe is warming at twice the global rate and we know because there is a higher rate of warming, there's a higher probability of extreme events. And those extreme events include heat waves."

As well as the impact on young and old, another concern is agriculture.

Many farmers are experiencing difficulties due to the ongoing lack of rain, with the government in Madrid asking the European Union for financial help.

Some landowners say they won't plant crops due to the dry conditions, which could have implications for food supplies across Europe.

This heatwave in Spain is not an isolated event - all across the world high temperatures in the first few months of this year have shattered records.

Reservoirs are low in many parts of Spain thanks to a long running drought

Eight countries in central and eastern Europe set new all time highs for the warmest January weather on the very first day of this year.

Countries across Asia have seen extreme heat in recent weeks. In northwest Thailand, the temperature hit 45.4C on 15 April, while in Laos it reached 42.7C.

In Bangladesh, the capital Dhaka saw the mercury rise above 40C, believed to be the hottest day in 58 years.

Another factor likely to influence weather across the world over the coming months is the likely onset of an El Niño event.

This will see more heat emerge in the Pacific ocean off the coast of Peru. If it happens, then 2024 might emerge as the world's warmest year on record, with more storms, fires and floods.

"It seems we are living in a world of a new normal here," said Dr Fahad Saeed, from research organisation, Climate Analytics.

"These people in regions like Asia are the people who have been adapting to these kinds of extreme temperatures for thousands of years, but its is now getting beyond their ability to adapt."

"That's why we are witnessing rising death rates due to heat each year in this part of the world."

Ivan Holtvenko holds his old Azovstal ID card as he talks

One year after the Ukrainian city of Mariupol fell to Russian control, its displaced steel workers find themselves both comforted and unsettled by ghosts of their former lives.

Ivan Holtvenko clutches his ID card from his old job in the southern port city as he chats to me in his new workplace, a steelworks in central Ukraine.

"I hid the pass [when I fled], and now I'm saving it, hoping that one day I'll need it again," he says.

Ivan is among dozens of workers from Mariupol's Azovstal steelworks who have begun a new life in Kamianske, 270km [168 miles] away, after surviving the final battle for Mariupol, one of the most defining moments of the war.

For weeks, Ukrainian fighters holed up in the tunnels and bunkers of the steelworks, making a last stand against the Russian forces. They were eventually forced to leave, but Azovstal became a symbol of resistance against the invasion.

Azovstal - with its maze of underground tunnels - was attacked for weeks in early 2022

Ivan has no idea if, or when, Ukraine will retake Mariupol. But he yearns for his old life.

When former Azovstal workers bump into each other in the shelters, hallways, offices and factory floor of their new workplace, they connect over their lost lives. Some have nicknamed themselves the "Mariupol diaspora".

"When you meet someone from Mariupol you get that feeling inside," repairs engineer Oleksandr Shabanov says, smiling.

Managers at the new steel factory say there are about 120 former Azovstal staff there, as well as more from another Mariupol plant.

Workers reminisce about summers spent at the beach, fishing trips and the sea views in their industrial home city. Two say they were in the process of building holiday homes together when Russia invaded.

They talk of Facebook groups that have now gone quiet. Some of their former colleagues have moved to other parts of Ukraine or abroad. Others have been killed. Many more are missing.

"We don't know what's happened to him," a group of Mariupol workers say as they talk about one former colleague and friend.

Of the 10,500 staff at Azovstal, managers say fewer than half are accounted for.

The Mariupol workers remember a time when they weren't scared of war, joking that people there have a reputation for being tough.

Fighting first broke out in the city in 2014, and the government briefly lost control after clashes with pro-Russian militants and protesters. But the workers say they never thought it would fall, as it did last year following a lengthy siege.

Mariupol was in a strategic location for the Russian invasion, linking as it does Crimea and Donbas, and the brutal battle for its control lasted more than 80 days.

Its theatre, which was sheltering hundreds of civilians, was bombed, its maternity hospital badly damaged in a Russian strike.

Ivan said nothing had prepared them for this.

"We thought it was going to be a crisis we could live through, just as we did in 2014," he tells me.

As is the case with other members of the Mariupol diaspora, Ivan's home was destroyed during the siege. The building and everything inside it is now just a memory - family photos, clothes, furniture.

"Everything got burnt," he says.

But while Ivan and other colleagues draw strength from their community, for others it only exacerbates their trauma.

"How can anything comfort me?" says engineer Ihor Khadzhava.

"There is nothing good about ending up here… and nowhere to go back to. There's no plant, no work, nowhere to live, just hate."

Residents who have remained in Mariupol say Moscow has brought in labourers from across Russia and Central Asia to rebuild the city, but not as it was - streets have had their Soviet names restored, new buildings have appeared and many of those damaged in the siege have gone. Russian flags have been erected as well as pro-Russia billboards and posters.

The Russian rouble is now the only currency accepted in shops there, and re-opened schools in the city are teaching a Russian-language curriculum. Residents are under pressure to get Russian passports.

Ihor is now resigned to accepting whatever fate might bring. When sirens ring out at the factory to warn of a possible Russian attack, he keeps working.

He hasn't used a shelter since the two months he spent underground in the bunker at Azovstal last year.

Ihor Khadzhava and his daughter in the Azovstal shelter

"What's the use?" the 39-year-old says blankly.

For the former Azovstal workers who do use the shelters, there are memories even underground.

Oleksandr takes a photo on his phone and sends it to his wife Yuliia.

"No kidding. It really looks the same," she replies.

Being in the near-identical bunker can be traumatic, Oleksandr says.

"The point of the shelter is not to feel frightened. When you go down it's the safest place… but in the back of my mind there is this fear," he says.

In Mariupol, an estimated 90% of residential buildings were damaged or destroyed during the siege by the Russian forces, and about 350,000 of the population of almost half a million were forced to leave.

Back then, Oleksandr and Yuliia had sought shelter in Azovstal's Soviet-era bunkers after fleeing their ninth-floor apartment - a shell had hit a neighbouring building, spraying shrapnel through their window.

The couple grabbed food, clothing, identification documents, their cat Mason and a 2kg bag of pet food, before running to Azovstal as shells landed around them.

In the shelter, they slept on wooden pallets and divided up tasks to stay busy - guarding the exits, cooking meals, cleaning.

When supplies were running low, Yuliia would draw the children pictures of their favourite foods so they could pretend to eat them. They dreamed of burgers and sausages.

Oleksandr and Yuliia remember Ihor's daughter making a "squeaky noise like a siren" when she came to stroke Mason, while another child, whose own pets had been left at home, sang to him each night: "Mason, Mason, you're a king of cats".

There were other pets in the shelter - a pug would sometimes run around frantically as missiles landed overhead.

The shelter's occupants had no idea how long they would be there. Sometimes they wondered if they would ever see daylight again.

Kamianske is in a much safer location than Mariupol - further inland and on the west side of the Dnipro River, which acts as a natural buffer.

But workers say that Russia's siege of Mariupol, and the important role the Azovstal bunker played in keeping some of them safe, has taught them the importance of being prepared.

In the shelter at the Kamianske steelworks, Oleksandr, Ivan and others wait behind thick metal doors to be given the all-clear to resurface. Smaller side rooms contain toilets, an examination bed and medical equipment, stacks of water bottles, jars and tins of food, phones and computers, and a generator.

"We understand that it's not only about sheltering, but also about having things that are most needed in those situations," Ivan explains.

"Is there a place to sit? What if there are wounded in the group? Is everything OK with the electricity? What about internet connection? Warm clothes? Food?"

But no amount of preparation can completely allay their fears.

"Of course, we can joke and say 'we are from Mariupol, nothing scares us', but actually every time you hear the sirens you get very uncomfortable and really want it to end," Ivan says.

Because of course, the last time the Mariupol workers saw their home city, it was under attack.

Some people remained in the city because they were unable to leave, due to illness or old age, while others welcomed Russia's presence.

But the workers we spoke to in Kamianske said they would not consider returning to the city while it remains under Russian occupation.

"No matter how much the Russians try to hide it under construction, those are still ruins," Ihor's wife Karyna says of her home city.

With no sea to look out to, Oleksandr and Yuliia now take regular trips to the Dnipro River, hoping it will instil feelings of calm. But, they say, it's not the same.

For now the Mariupol diaspora, like many displaced Ukrainians, are trying to adapt to a life in limbo. To life as a community without a home.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Moment extreme athlete Beatriz Flamini emerged from the cave after 500 days

A Spanish extreme athlete has emerged from a cave after spending 500 days with no human contact, in what could be a world record.

When Beatriz Flamini entered the cave in Granada, Russia had not invaded Ukraine and the world was still in the grip of the Covid pandemic.

It was part of an experiment closely monitored by scientists.

"I'm still stuck on November 21, 2021. I don't know anything about the world," she said after exiting the cave.

Ms Flamini, 50, entered the cave aged 48. She spent her time in the 70m (230ft) deep cave exercising, drawing and knitting woolly hats. She got through 60 books and 1,000 litres of water, according to her support team.

She was monitored by a group of psychologists, researchers, speleologists - specialists in the study of caves - but none of the experts made contact with her.

Footage on the Spanish TVE station showed her climbing out of the cave grinning, before hugging her team.

Speaking shortly afterwards, she described her experience as "excellent, unbeatable".

"I've been silent for a year-and-a-half, not talking to anyone but myself," she said, while reporters pressed her for more details.

"I lose my balance, that's why I'm being held. If you allow me to take a shower - I haven't touched water for a year-and-a-half - I'll see you in a little while. Is that OK with you?"

Flamini's team say she has broken a world record for longest time spent in a cave

Ms Flamini later told reporters she lost track of time after about two months.

"There was a moment when I had to stop counting the days," she said, adding that she thought she had been in the cave for "between 160-170 days".

One of the toughest moments came when there was an invasion of flies inside the cave, leaving her covered, she said.

The extreme athlete also described "auditory hallucinations".

"You are silent and the brain makes it up," she said.

Experts have been using her time in isolation to study the impact of social isolation and extreme temporary disorientation on people's perception of time.

Ms Flamini's support team said she has broken a world record for the longest time spent in a cave, but the Guinness World Records has not confirmed whether there is a record for voluntary time living in a cave.

It has awarded the "longest time survived trapped underground" to the 33 Chilean and Bolivian miners who spent 69 days 688m underground after the collapse of a copper-gold mine in Chile in 2010.

The police officer worked for Cambridgeshire Constabulary at the time of the offences

A former police officer and barrister has been found guilty of raping a teenager more than 30 years ago.

James Boyle abused the girl, who was under 16, between 1986 and 1991 while serving for Cambridgeshire police.

The 69-year-old, of Sunbury Street, Edinburgh, was convicted by a trial jury of two counts of rape and one count of indecent assault.

Detectives said they were told about the offences in 2018 after an "exchange of messages on social media".

Detectives said Boyle was still working as a criminal defence barrister at the time of his arrest

"I want to praise the bravery demonstrated by the victim in this case for coming forward," said Det Sgt Carla Hillyer, of Essex Police, who said Boyle was still working as a lawyer at the time of his arrest.

"Boyle worked as a criminal defence barrister, he knew this system, and what the victim was up against."

Essex Police said the offences happened at different locations in Cambridgeshire.

Constabularies from elsewhere in the UK routinely investigate cases where the relevant police force is deemed to have a potential conflict of interest.

Ms Hillyer praised the work of her colleague Det Con Adam Clarke who she said "worked tirelessly" on the case.

A Cambridgeshire Constabulary spokesman said the force also commended the "bravery" of the victim and added: "These were horrendous offences over a prolonged period, for which he has now thankfully faced justice."

Boyle is due back at Cambridge Crown Court for sentencing on 25 May.

Essex Police said there was advice and guidance for "anyone affected by rape and sexual abuse" via the Synergy Essex website, which is a collection of independent support organisations.

Cambridgeshire Constabulary also said there was more support on reporting sexual offences via its dedicated advice page.

Find BBC News: East of England on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. If you have a story suggestion email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

President Xi has never condemned Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine

Ukraine's Volodymr Zelensky says he has had a "long and meaningful" phone call with China's Xi Jinping, their first contact since Russia's war began.

He said on Twitter he believed the call, along with the appointment of an ambassador to Beijing, would "give a powerful impetus to the development of our bilateral relations".

China confirmed the call, adding that it "always stood on the side of peace".

Unlike the West, Beijing has sought to appear neutral on the Russian invasion.

But it has never hidden its close ties to Moscow, or condemned the invasion, and last month President Xi paid a two-day state visit to Russia.

He referred to President Vladimir Putin as his "dear friend", proposed a vague 12-point peace plan and insisted that China stood on the right side of history.

However, he made no commitment to providing Russia with weapons.

Within days of the visit, President Zelensky invited the Chinese leader to visit Kyiv for talks, noting they had contact before the full-scale war but nothing since it began in February 2022.

In a readout of Wednesday's phone call, China quoted President Xi as saying that China, "as a responsible majority country", would "neither watch the fire from the other side, nor add fuel to the fire, let alone take advantage of the crisis to profit".

That statement appeared to be a swipe at China's biggest international rival, the US, which has provided the most help towards Ukraine's response to the Russian war.

White House spokesman John Kirby welcomed the phone call as "a good thing" but said it was too early to know whether it would lead to "some sort of meaningful peace movement, or plan or proposal".

The likelihood of China helping to end the war appears remote, not just because Russia has shown no readiness to withdraw its forces from Ukraine's sovereign territory. It is a key demand from Kyiv that President Zelensky reiterated: "There can be no peace at the expense of territorial compromises."

Critics have also questioned the idea of Beijing acting as a mediator, citing not only Mr Xi's firm friendship with Russia's leader but also China's soaring trade with Russia and its refusal even to speak of an "invasion".

Russian foreign ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said Moscow saw "broad concord" with China's approach but said the main barrier was Kyiv's "unrealistic demands". Moscow's own demands include recognition of its annexation of swathes of Ukrainian territory, including Crimea, which was invaded in 2014.

China's 12-point plan to end the war has been widely criticised by Ukraine and the West. It fails to offer clear plans for Ukraine's future security or for territory seized by Russia and includes a proposal for unilateral sanctions to be dropped.

And yet Wednesday's hour-long call did not come as a complete surprise.

Earlier this month, European Commission chief Ursula von der Leyen said that Mr Xi had spoken of his willingness to talk to Ukraine's leader when the "conditions and time are right". She had joined French President Emmanuel Macron on a visit to Beijing.

President Zelensky has repeatedly reached out to the Chinese president, an acknowledgement that China's vast wealth and global influence could swing the outcome of the war.

In its readout of the call, Beijing announced its willingness to engage directly with Ukraine, by sending a special representative on Eurasian affairs to Kyiv and other capitals for "in-depth communication" on a political settlement.

For his part, Mr Zelensky appointed a former minister, Pavlo Ryabikin, as ambassador to Beijing.

Xi Jinping has had recent diplomatic success by persuading Iran and Saudi Arabia to restore ties. While it is possible he may have developed a taste for the role of a key international stakeholder, there may also be an economic element to his intervention.

China's flagging economy is still fragile after years of tight Covid-19 restrictions. It is dependent on export trade and cannot fully bounce back as the war in Ukraine drags on.

News of the phone-call made headline news in China's carefully controlled state media outlets, which printed China's interpretation of the call.

On Chinese social media sites, users appeared supportive, with many calling for peaceful dialogue and supporting what they saw as China acting like a responsible country.

"China must break the deadlock and melt the ice!" read one typical comment.
• None End of Ukraine war no closer after Putin-Xi talks

If accepted, the deal could draw a year-long dispute between Royal Mail and the CWU to a close

Royal Mail and union negotiators have reached an agreement which could signal the end of a long-running pay dispute.

The postal company and the Communication Workers Union have reached an "in principle" agreement over pay and employment terms.

The CWU's executive will meet next week to consider the deal, which if accepted, will then be voted on by union members.

For the past year there has been a row over workers' pay, jobs and conditions.

Details of the agreement are expected to be released next week.

The joint statement said: "After almost a year of talks, Royal Mail and the Communication Workers' Union (CWU) are pleased to announce they have reached a negotiators' agreement in principle.

"The proposed agreement will now be considered by the executive of the union before being voted on by the union's membership.

CWU general secretary Dave Ward and deputy general secretary Andy Furey said: "On the basis that the negotiators' agreement is endorsed by the postal executive, we will put in place a full communications plan to engage members.

"Thank you for your support and patience. It has got us to this point."

Royal Mail workers staged a series of walkouts last year, including in the lead up to Christmas.

Earlier this month, talks between the unions and the postal service collapsed and the CWU pulled back from announcing fresh strikes.

At the time, Mr Ward said the union's leaders did not believe more strikes were the right thing to do but there might come a time when more industrial action is called.

Around 115,000 CWU members working for Royal Mail have been in dispute over pay since the spring of 2022, when workers were offered a 5.5% pay rise,

The CWU said that in real terms, the offer was equivalent to a 2% increase, with workers squeezed by inflation and the cost of living crisis.

The union also objected to proposed changes to working conditions, including compulsory Sunday working.

Earlier this month, Royal Mail said that a return to industrial action could result in the postal service going into administration.

It said the strikes have cost the company £200m in lost business and in covering striking staff.

Royal Mail had previously offered a one-off payment plus a pay deal it says is worth 10% over three years.

The third and final report of the Manchester Arena Inquiry is due to be published at 14:00 GMT.

Among the key questions being addressed are who and what radicalised suicide bomber Salman Abedi and drove him to murder 22 people and injure hundreds more in his home city on 22 May 2017?

The Big Cases: Homegrown Terrorist - How was Salman Abedi radicalised? Watch on BBC iPlayer

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

Sunnah Khan and Joe Abbess were pronounced dead in hospital on 31 May

No criminal offences were committed in relation to the deaths of two people off Bournemouth beach, police said.

Sunnah Khan, 12, and Joe Abbess, 17, both drowned when they were suspected to have been caught in a riptide next to the pier at the resort on 31 May.

Police said they investigated whether a sightseeing boat, the Dorset Belle, had caused dangerous sea conditions but concluded it was not to blame.

A man, initially arrested on suspicion of manslaughter, will face no action.

The Dorset Belle pleasure boat was inspected by police following the deaths

A preliminary inquest hearing last month was told there was a "suggestion" a riptide led to the teenagers' deaths.

Riptides are strong currents running out to sea that can quickly drag people and objects away from the shoreline to deeper water.

Det Ch Supt Neil Corrigan, of Dorset Police, said: "...information was given to police, which indicated that the movement of a boat - the Dorset Belle - immediately before the incident occurred could have contributed toward creating dangerous sea conditions.

"Witnesses suggested that there had been similar issues with the vessel having created such problems previously."

The beach was cleared as emergency services attended the incident

The boat was later impounded and examined as part of the investigation. It has since been released.

The detective added: "...it was necessary to instruct an expert to review the material gathered by police. It was simply not possible to make a decision in this case without expert advice.

"The instructed expert needed time to review the evidential material and also to consider the prevailing tide and meteorological conditions at the time alongside the topography of the shoreline at the location.

"As a result of all of the evidence available, we are now able to confirm that we do not believe that the movement of the Dorset Belle contributed to the incident."

Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole Council suspended all boat operations from the pier "as a precaution" last month.

Stephanie Williams wants to improve safety after the death of her daughter

The beach had been packed during half-term when a number of people swimming off the eastern side of Bournemouth Pier got into difficulties shortly before 16:00 BST.

The area was cleared while emergency services dealt with the incident. Dorset Police said 11 people were rescued by RNLI lifeguards.

Joe and Sunnah both suffered critical injuries and died in hospital.

Joe, a trainee chef from Southampton was described as a "fabulous young man" by his family.

Sunnah's mother Stephanie Williams, from High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire, paid tribute to her "beautiful daughter", saying "no parent should ever have to go through what her dad and I are going through".

She had her proposals to improve water safety heard in Parliament earlier this week.

Aylesbury MP Rob Butler raised the issue during a debate on water safety and drowning prevention.

Dorset Police said it would work with the coroner to provide a report covering the incident and investigation.

A further pre-inquest hearing is due to be held on 18 September.

Follow BBC South on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to south.newsonline@bbc.co.uk.

Texas' Republican-run House of Representatives has voted to impeach state Attorney General Ken Paxton, a Republican, who is accused of bribery and abuse of public trust.

Mr Paxton, an ally of former President Donald Trump, is now suspended from office pending a trial in the Senate.

A two-thirds vote in the upper chamber - where Republicans also dominate - is required to permanently expel him.

Mr Paxton, aged 60, denies all the accusations against him.

Responding to a 121-23 vote in the House on Saturday, Mr Paxton said in a statement: "The ugly spectacle in the Texas House today confirmed the outrageous impeachment plot against me was never meant to be fair or just.

"It was a politically motivated sham from the beginning."

The impeachment vote was on 20 articles, which also include accusations of improperly aiding a wealthy political donor and conducting a sham investigation against whistleblowers.

The result demonstrates a very public split between Texas Republicans.

"Attorney General Paxton continuously and blatantly violated laws, rules, policies and procedures," House Republican David Spiller said.

"Today is a very grim and difficult day for this House and for the state of Texas," he added.

But John Smithee, another Texas House Republican, opposed the impeachment, arguing that the attorney general had not been given the chance to properly respond to the allegations against him.

"It's what I call the hang him now and judge him later policy," Mr Smithee said.

Meanwhile, Mr Trump - who hopes to win a Republican nomination for the 2024 election - backed Mr Paxton.

Shortly before the vote, he wrote "free Ken Paxton" in a post on social media.

Mr Paxton (left) and Mr Trump greet one another at a rally for Trump in Texas last year

The House vote makes Mr Paxton the first state official in Texas to be impeached in almost 50 years.

Texas' Republican Governor Greg Abbott has the powers to appoint an interim state attorney general even before the Senate trial is concluded.

Mr Paxton is well-known in America for his high-profile litigation campaigns.

In 2020, he unsuccessfully pressed the US Supreme Court to overturn Mr Trump's defeat to Democratic challenger Joe Biden in the presidential election.

Five years earlier, Mr Paxton called the Supreme Court's decision legalising gay marriage in all 50 states a "lawless ruling", vowing to support state workers who refuse to marry couples on religious grounds.

But he is perhaps best known for spearheading the ongoing fight in the courts to challenge the Biden administration's changes to the immigration system.

Mr Paxton has said the measures he is fighting would encourage illegal crossings and burden Texas and other states with additional expenses for law enforcement, health care and education, the New York Times reports.

Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has signed into law a bill lowering the military mobilisation age by two years from 27 to 25.

Kyiv and Moscow have both faced heavy losses on the battlefield after two years of war, but Russia has benefited from a sizeable advantage in manpower.

The move will allow Ukraine to call up more people to replenish its reserves, after volunteer numbers dropped.

Mr Zelensky said in December 500,000 more soldiers needed to be mobilised.

But on Wednesday, he said: "We don't need half-a-million." Last week, Ukraine's top general said the required number of mobilised soldiers had been "significantly reduced" following a review of available resources.

Ukraine's parliament approved the bill in May 2023, but it did not come into force because Mr Zelensky did not sign it.

In a separate move, Nato foreign ministers in Brussels were discussing plans for a €100bn (£86bn) five-year fund to provide long-term military support for Ukraine.

Asked if the figure was correct, Nato Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said the framework was yet to be decided but Nato allies agreed that Ukraine needed more money and for many years.

"Make no mistake, Ukraine can rely on Nato support now and for the long haul."

Russia was "pushing" on the battlefield in Ukraine and trying to win the war by "waiting us out", Mr Stoltenberg said.

It was not immediately clear what prompted President Zelensky to sign the bill and how many additional soldiers Ukraine could now get, although he has previously warned of plans Russia may have to launch a spring or summer offensive.

And on Wednesday, the Ukrainian leader said Russia was ready to mobilise additional 300,000 troops in June.

Russia's military has not commented on the claim.

Ukrainian forces had hoped to take back swathes of territory gained by Russia as well as cutting off Russian supply lines to Crimea - Ukraine's southern peninsula illegally annexed by Russia in 2014.

But lacking air superiority and faced with formidable Russian defences, Kyiv's counter-offensive ground to a halt at the start of winter and there are fears that Russian forces could outgun Ukraine.

In the past few months, Kyiv has been actively building defence fortifications amid steady Russian advances in eastern Ukraine, including the capture of the strategic town of Avdiivka.

Last year, Ukrainian Gen Oleksandr Tarnavskyi warned troops had already been forced to downsize some military operations because of a drop-off in foreign aid.

Ukraine has relied heavily on Western supplies, particularly on deliveries of long-range missiles and air defence systems. However, billions of pounds of US and EU aid have been held up amid political wrangles.

In January 2024, Mr Zelensky said Ukraine's armed forces numbered 880,000, without specifying how many were actually fighting on the more than 1,200km-long (745 miles) frontline in the country's south-east.

In February, he said 31,000 Ukrainian soldiers had been killed since the start of Russia's full-scale invasion in February 2022, but US officials have put the number of Ukrainian soldiers killed as at least 70,000 and as many as 120,000 injured.

Russian President Vladimir Putin has said more than 600,000 of his troops are fighting in Ukraine, but has not revealed how many have lost their lives there.

A classified US intelligence report released in December estimated that 315,000 Russian soldiers had been either killed or wounded since the war began - which it said was almost 90% of Russia's military personnel at the start of the invasion.

On Wednesday, Russia's defence ministry said more than 100,000 people had signed up to serve in the country's armed forces since the start of the year.

An observation tower on the border between Israel and Syria

Israel hit multiple military targets in Syria in response to six rockets fired into territory it controls overnight, the Israeli military has said.

The Israeli Air Force said fighter jets and a drone hit the rocket launchers as well as a Syrian military compound, radar systems and artillery positions.

The rocket fire from Syria into the occupied Golan Heights was claimed by a Palestinian militant group.

It caused no damage or casualties.

In recent days, Israel has also come under fire from southern Lebanon and the Gaza Strip, prompting it to carry out retaliatory strikes against Palestinian militants in both areas.

The exchanges have followed an escalation in regional tensions in recent days, after Israeli police raided Jerusalem's al-Aqsa Mosque.

The Israeli military reported two separate rocket salvoes originating from Syria late on Saturday and early on Sunday.

Three rockets were launched in the first, one of which landed in the southern Golan Heights, it said.

In the second, two rockets crossed the frontier and one was intercepted by Israel's Iron Dome air defence system, the military added.

Beirut-based Al Mayadeen TV said the al-Quds Brigade - a Damascus-based Palestinian militant group loyal to the Syrian government - claimed it was behind the rocket fire, saying it was retaliating for recent Israeli police raids at the al-Aqsa mosque.

The group is different to the larger military wing of Palestinian Islamic Jihad, which has a very similar name - the Al-Quds Brigades.

The Israeli military said its artillery struck Syrian territory and that an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) struck the launchers that fired the rockets from Syria.

Israeli warplanes later struck additional targets belonging to the Syrian military, including a compound belonging to the Syrian army's 4th Division.

In a statement early on Sunday, Israeli Defence Forces said it "sees the state of Syria responsible for all activities occurring within its territory and will not allow any attempts to violate Israeli sovereignty".

A Syrian military source told the state-run Sana news agency that its air defences "intercepted the enemy's missiles and downed some of them" but that some material damage was caused.

The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a UK-based monitoring group, cited its sources as saying jets and drones hit targets including a Syrian military radar position in the western countryside of Suweida, the 90th Brigade near Quneitra, and the 52nd Brigade in the eastern countryside of Deraa.

It said no casualties had been reported.

Israel seized the Golan Heights, a 1,200-sq-km (460-sq-mile) area previously controlled by Syria, during the Six Day War in 1967 and annexed it in 1981, a move not recognised by most of the international community.

Sunday morning saw a tense stand-off between Palestinians and police officers at the al-Aqsa mosque in occupied East Jerusalem.

The mosque, which is the third holiest site in Islam, is located on a hilltop complex known by Muslims as al-Haram al-Sharif (the Noble Sanctuary) and by Jews as the Temple Mount.

Jews revere it as the location of two Biblical Temples and it is the holiest site in Judaism.

Overnight, hundreds of Palestinian Muslim worshippers barricaded themselves in al-Aqsa mosque, raising fears of a further escalation in tensions with Israeli police.

Jordan - which manages the religious complex - has warned of catastrophic consequences if police storm the mosque.

But on Sunday morning, instead of forcing all Palestinians marking Ramadan to leave after dawn prayers, heavily armed police lined up to separate them from hundreds of Jewish visitors who were escorted around the site.

A mass blessing for Passover then took place at the Western Wall, which lies below the hilltop site.

The firebombing campaign lasted from 1979 until the early 1990s

A convicted firebomber has admitted for the first time how he was involved in burning down cottages 30 years ago.

Sion Aubrey Roberts, from Anglesey, described how he was part of Meibion Glyndwr, which set fire to 200 English-owned holiday homes in the 1980s.

During a 12-year campaign, Westminster and English cities were also targeted.

Nobody was ever convicted of being a member, while it is alleged officers tried to gain a false testimony that MP Dafydd Elis-Thomas was involved.

Roberts described how he had a poster of IRA hunger striker Bobby Sands on his wall as a child, and that his first order on joining Meibion Glyndwr was to "break into a house and burn it".

While he was jailed aged 20 for 12 years in 1993 for sending incendiary devices in the post and possessing explosives, police were not able to prove he was part of the wider conspiracy.

But he admitted his full involvement on BBC documentary series Firebombers, saying: "The movement was five years old when I joined.

"Growing up, Meibion Glyndwr were my heroes. We couldn't afford to buy houses in our own area, it was impossible.

"As more and more were being sold, prices kept going up, and local people couldn't afford them.

"We agreed one thing - something had to be done and we had to strike."

Sion Aubrey Roberts described targeting a holiday home alongside two other men

As the campaign gained widespread publicity in the 1980s, Roberts said "police were watching everywhere", but by using timers on devices, the firebombers could evade arrest.

"We were off the road by nine at night, we weren't at it late at night," he said.

"We didn't want to draw attention to ourselves. It was hours before they caught fire."

He said they had "disappeared" by the time the holiday home was alight, adding: "We were just shadows."

These are what police were chasing from the first two attacks in Pembrokeshire on 13 December 1979 until the early 1990s, according to former BBC journalist Alun Lenny.

He described finding out who was behind Meibion Glyndwr (Sons of Glyndwr) as something that would have been "one of the greatest journalistic scoops".

But he said it was "impossible" to even get a lead.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The first victim of arson attacks, Pembrokeshire-based cottage rental business owner Leonard Rees, said: "The whole property had gone up in flames. It incinerated remarkably quickly.

"The whole roof was consumed and collapsed along with the internal floors."

A further two properties were targeted on 13 December 1979, with three more in Blaenau Ffestiniog, Gwynedd, the next day.

Within six weeks, 17 second homes in north and west Wales had been destroyed, and police now warned all those owned by English people were at risk.

"It was total devastation," said Kelvin Griffiths, who was a North Wales Police officer.

"Because they were so remote, these houses were burning down unbeknown. It was only when someone drove past and thought 'oh the house has been burnt down'. Nobody had even seen it."

The remoteness of properties in counties such as Gwynedd made it easier for the group to carry out the attacks

He described it as a "nightmare" for policing, adding: "The percentage chance of getting caught was zero and they knew it."

Tourism had boomed post-war, with visitors, often from wealthy parts of England, starting to buy holiday homes in what were predominantly Welsh-speaking areas.

By 1978 this had become a problem, according to activist Adrian Stone, with villages empty for large parts of the year.

"Suddenly there wasn't a post office, pubs were closing, suddenly houses that maybe people's grandfathers and grandmothers had lived in were being sold to people who behaved with a lot of cultural insensitivity," he said.

In the next decade, second homes would number 20,000, according to Welsh Office figures, with 50,000 people on the council house waiting list.

Attacks increased, with 20 in just over three weeks in February 1980.

Margaret Thatcher was now in power, and bombs unsuccessfully targeted Tory offices in Porthmadog and Shotton, Flintshire, as well as the home of Welsh Secretary Nicholas Edwards in Abergavenny, Monmouthshire.

More than 50 people were arrested, most released without charge, as police tried to find who was responsible, and Mr Stone went on trial along with others believed to be members of organisation Workers Army for a Welsh Republic.

"They wanted Dafydd Elis-Thomas who was an MP at the time," he said.

"They wanted me to say quite untruthfully that Dafydd was head of the second home campaign."

While two men were found guilty of being in possession of detonators, there was no evidence anyone was part of the wider campaign.

Dafydd Elis-Thomas (left) - with other Plaid Cymru politicians Gwynfor Evans and Dafydd Wigley in 1974 - was mentioned in police interview, according to Adrian Stone

Responding to Mr Stone's allegation, South Wales Police said: "Investigations then were totally different.

"Today's investigations are supported by technology, forensic evidence, disclosure rules and safeguards."

By the mid 1980s more than 100 properties had been firebombed, including one owned by Ben Davies' family - who described his mother being in tears after it was attacked.

"Obviously we didn't have a lot of sympathy for the people who did it, we thought it was grossly unfair, rather cowardly, burning people's property while they weren't there," he said.

There is a mural of Bobby Sands in Belfast - he was an Irish Republican who died in prison in 1981 after a 66 day hunger strike

Roberts, who joined Meibion Glyndwr around 1984, said Thatcherism was why so many people were inspired to join the movement.

"In 1979, Wales voted four to one against devolution, and Thatcher had taken over," he said.

"It was the Thatcher effect in the 80s that created people like me. I started with the Welsh Language Society but I knew that was not going to be enough for me.

"I wanted to do something far more than that."

He described going on protest marches while growing up in an Irish family in Gwalchmai, Anglesey.

"Even when I was 10 years old, I had pictures of the hunger strikers on my bedroom wall," he said.

"Bobby Sands talks about the 'undauntable thought', the thought that says you're right, the conviction that you know what you're doing is right.

"That's why there's no fear."

The population of Abersoch, in Gwynedd, jumps from 600 to 30,000 in summer

Attacks were set to move into England, and Roberts added: "In any campaign, you have to adapt.

"Once a hundred or so had gone up, it's not news, is it?"

In February 1988, three bombs went off at estate agents in Chester, with another 20 following in places including Warrington, Bristol and Cheshire.

Julian Beresford Adams - whose company was targeted - said 85% of his sales in Abersoch, Gwynedd, were second homes.

Dozens of businesses were targeted in the town between 1988 and 1990.

"At the end of the day people are born in one area and a lot of people don't end up being there because they can't afford to be there. That's life," he said.

"That's nothing to do with second homes."

Graffiti had appeared in rural Wales during the 10-year period of the campaign

With nobody charged for being part of Meibion Glyndwr, singer Bryn Fôn - who wrote a song about the movement - said the police's attempts to identify members became viewed as a "farce".

"After 10 years of investigating, all they had to show was a plimsoll and cagoule that everyone wore," he said.

"Everyone was talking about the police and everyone was laughing at them across the country, so I thought I'd crystallise that feeling.

"I just thought it was a farce."

When a device was allegedly found in the dry stone wall of his home he was arrested, along with his partner, and questioned for more than 50 hours before being released without charge.

The whole thing "stank", he said, with it never discovered who planted it.

In summer 1990, suspect packages were sent to Westminster for three Tories, including Welsh secretary David Hunt.

Pembroke MP Nicholas Bennett said a package "would've blown my head off" had he opened it, adding: "It is terrorism pure and simple."

"One device in London was worth more than 50 devices in north Wales," Roberts said.

"You'd get more publicity from it and that was the whole point."

In 1991, a breakthrough came. Roberts, David Gareth Davies and Dewi Prysor Williams were all arrested after being filmed at a protest march in uniform.

Sion Aubrey Roberts was cleared of being part of the Meibion Glyndwr movement, a charge that would have carried a longer prison sentence

January 1993 saw the three men appear at Caernarfon Crown Court for what would eventually be a 40-day trial.

Prosecutors said Roberts had been seen in forensic clothing and assembling devices, but the defence questioned the accuracy of surveillance and found inconsistencies in MI5 reports.

All three were found not guilty of the conspiracy, but a jury did find Roberts guilty of sending four incendiary devices in the post and possession of explosive substances. He was sentenced to 12 years in prison.

"You have to be ready to go to jail before you start," he said.

"If I'd been convicted of conspiracy, I'd have got 25 years. I thought I'd be out in eight years, that isn't too bad."

No Meibion Glyndwr attack has happened since Roberts' conviction.

He was eight when the firebombings started, and so was not a ringleader. He has instead been described by some journalists as "a foot soldier".

Former reporter Alun Lenny said he doubts the identities of others who were involved will ever be revealed.

"We may never know who any of them are unless we get a deathbed confession from someone," he said.

"But Meibion Glyndwr, like Owain Glyndwr who they get their name from, have disappeared into the mists of history."

Both episodes of Firebombers are currently available on iPlayer. The second episode transmits on Thursday 27 July on BBC1 Wales at 21:00 BST iPlayer.

It's been a day of powerful first-hand evidence on the impact of the Covid pandemic from across the UK.

Matt Fowler, co-founder of the Covid-19 Bereaved Families for Justice Campaign, told the inquiry how after his father Ian died, about 300 people lined the street, but it was "painful" that no more than 10 people were allowed to go to the funeral.

He also detailed abuse he and his fellow campaigners had received on social media, due to Covid attitudes. However he said he had no regrets and stressed lessons needed to be learned.

The next witness to give evidence was Jane Morrison, whose wife Jacky died from Covid. She thanked all the key workers who provided a 'moment of kindness in a dark world'.

Morrison from Scottish Covid Bereaved, highlighted concerns about infection control in hospitals and called on the inquires in the UK and Scotland to move swiftly.

Anna-Louise Marsh-Rees, a campaigner from Wales, explained it was "awful" to watch her father "die gasping for breath" and said covid victims' bodies were treated like "toxic waste".

The last witness was Brenda Doherty from Northern Ireland who told the inquiry her about the death of her mother, Ruth.

She too has faced abuse on social media and said "my mummy was not cannon fodder... it's very important we remember the human cost".

A man was caught up in the Taiwan earthquake whilst swimming in a hotel rooftop pool in Taiwan's capital city, Taipei.

The magnitude 7.4 earthquake caused widespread destruction and at least nine people have been confirmed dead.

The earthquake is the strongest recorded in Taiwan in 25 years.

Tech bosses were summoned to the White House on Thursday and told they must protect the public from the dangers of Artificial Intelligence (AI).

Sundar Pichai of Google, Satya Nadella of Microsoft, and OpenAI's Sam Altmann were told they had a "moral" duty to safeguard society.

The White House made it clear that it may regulate the sector further.

Recently launched AI products like ChatGPT and Bard, have captured the public's imagination.

They offer ordinary users the chance to interact with what is known as "generative AI", which can summarise information from multiple sources within seconds, debug computer code, write presentations, and even poetry, that sound plausibly as if they might have been human-generated.

Their rollout has sparked renewed debate over the role of AI in society, by offering a tangible illustration of the potential risks and rewards of the new technology.

Technology executives gathered at the White House on Thursday were told it was up to firms to "ensure the safety and security of their products" and were warned that the administration was open to new regulations and legislation to cover artificial intelligence.

Sam Altman, chief executive of OpenAI, the firm behind ChatGPT, told reporters that in terms of regulation, executives were "surprisingly on the same page on what needs to happen".

US Vice President Kamala Harris said in a statement following the meeting that the new technology could pose a risk to safety, privacy and civil rights, although it also had the potential to improve lives.

The private sector had "an ethical, moral, and legal responsibility to ensure the safety and security of their products", she said.

The White House announced a $140m (£111m) investment from the National Science Foundation to launch seven new AI research institutes.

Calls for the dramatic rise in emerging AI to be better regulated have been coming thick and fast, from both politicians and tech leaders.

Earlier this week, the "godfather" of AI, Geoffrey Hinton, quit his job at Google - saying he now regretted his work.

He told the BBC that some of the dangers of AI chatbots were "quite scary".

In March, a letter signed by Elon Musk and Apple founder Steve Wozniak, called for a pause to the rollout of the technology.

And on Wednesday, the head of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), Lina Khan, outlined her views on how and why AI needed to be regulated.

There are concerns that AI could rapidly replace peoples' jobs, as well as worries that chatbots like ChatGPT and Bard can be inaccurate and lead to the dissemination of misinformation.

There are also concerns that generative AI could flout copyright law. Voice cloning AI could exacerbate fraud. AI generated videos can spread fake news.

However, advocates like Bill Gates have hit back against calls for an AI "pause" saying such a move would not "solve the challenges" ahead.

Mr Gates argues it would be better to focus on how best to use the developments in AI.

And others believe there is a danger of over-regulating - which would give a strategic advantage to tech companies in China.

A leading NHS consultant psychiatrist has met me in person and concluded I don't have ADHD - attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Yet, after shorter assessments online, three private clinics have told me I do - and offered me powerful medication.

"You fit the criteria for ADHD very well. You'll have it in writing, officially that you have been diagnosed. There is no expiration date for this. You were diagnosed for life," says the psychologist through the computer screen, as I sit at my kitchen table.

I am working undercover, using my middle name James, to investigate private clinics that can offer ADHD assessments at a time when NHS waiting times have risen, in some areas, to more than five years.

The assessment over Zoom, with a clinic called Harley Psychiatrists, costs £685 and takes 45 minutes. As my assessor asks her quick-fire questions, she appears to be slouched on a sofa wearing a tracksuit top.

"Did I have problems concentrating at school?"

I try my best to answer but the screen keeps wobbling as she struggles to get comfortable. The whole time she plays with her hair and I get the sense she isn't focusing completely.

At the end, she diagnoses me with ADHD - a lifelong condition. It is a neurodevelopmental disorder, with symptoms falling into two categories - inattentiveness, plus hyperactivity and impulsiveness.

Stunned, all I can say back to my assessor is: "It's a lot to take in."

Things were very different when I met Dr Mike Smith, a consultant psychiatrist who leads a specialist adult ADHD service in the NHS. I told him about my investigation and he said he also had concerns about how some private providers were operating. He agreed to show me how an assessment should be carried out.

Ahead of the appointment at his Leeds clinic, my mum, girlfriend and I were forwarded forms to fill out - collecting information on my habits, from my childhood up to now. They took hours to complete. Dr Smith was even interested in reading my school reports.

He warned me when I arrived: "This is going to get very personal. Are you OK with that?"

In truth, I wasn't prepared for what followed. I was under the impression I was just going to spend the next couple of hours answering questions about my lack of focus, but Dr Smith wanted to get a full picture of my mental health. I found myself telling him about some of my hardest times.

When I was 14, I witnessed the aftermath of my sisters being knocked down by a car. Ailis survived, Claire - who was 11 - died. Almost 17 years to the day, my dad died unexpectedly. I was a different person after those events. The reason I am sharing this is because I was told the effect of such trauma can sometimes manifest itself into symptoms similar to ADHD.

"You do not have ADHD," said NHS consultant Dr Mike Smith

A friend of mine - who had been privately diagnosed with the condition - had once suggested to me that I might have it too. Some of ADHD's recognised symptoms felt uncomfortably familiar - I can forget things, I fidget, I will on occasion zone out of long meetings.

My social media feeds had been filling up with videos talking about ADHD and I could relate to them. But on the whole, I was dubious about whether they related to me. None of these things seemed to really impact my life.

Dr Smith took the time to explore these life-altering moments and the struggles they have caused. He says that when considering the symptoms a patient describes - such as finding it hard to focus - it's important to differentiate between ADHD and other things that may explain them, such as the effects of trauma.

Before diagnosing someone with ADHD, it is also vital to establish that any symptoms are having a serious impact on their life.

"I can't see any evidence you've got any serious problem with your concentration, your hyper-activity, or your level of activity, or impulsivity," Dr Smith told me, after more than three gruelling hours.

Contrast this lengthy deep dive into my life and personality with the consultation I received at Harley Psychiatrists - during which there was no interrogation of how prevalent or serious any of my symptoms were. There were few follow-up questions.

Admittedly I was relieved I didn't have to go over any of the traumatic experiences in my life again, but I felt like the psychologist had missed some crucial background.

The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) sets out how individuals should be diagnosed in the UK with ADHD. To meet the threshold, a patient will have a persistent pattern of inattention and/or hyperactivity-impulsivity symptoms, which often include:

Dr Smith - the NHS consultant - told me I hadn't met the clinical threshold for any of the 18 symptoms associated with ADHD.

By comparison, the psychologist who assessed me for Harley Psychiatrists told me I had met the threshold for 15 out of the 18 ADHD symptoms. A week later, I discussed treatment plans with a psychiatrist working for the company. This lasted less than 10 minutes and I was quickly prescribed a stimulant commonly used to treat ADHD. There was also no mention of other treatments, such as talking therapy.

The medication interacts with chemicals in the brain and can help someone with the condition concentrate better, be less impulsive and feel calmer.

The powerful controlled drug is safe and effective if prescribed properly, but it has the potential to cause serious side effects. ADHD medication can cause insomnia, elevated heart rate and high blood pressure - and in rare cases panic attacks, psychosis and seizures. But the psychiatrists from Harley Psychiatrists simply advised me to have a good breakfast before taking it, without talking through the potential serious side effects.

Harley Psychiatrists' lawyers told the BBC that clinicians also take account of information in pre-assessment forms,. They said: "diagnosis of ADHD… depends on the answers given by the patient" and that there had been "numerous patients [assessed by the clinic] not diagnosed with ADHD".

"The suggestion our client is misdiagnosing adults with ADHD is untrue," they said, as was the suggestion that adequate checks were not being conducted.

The clinic accepts that I "should not have been able to obtain a prescription", and has updated its processes.

Lawyers for the psychologist who first assessed me said that while her testing had produced results "indicative of a patient having ADHD", such a "diagnosis is formally made by a psychiatrist".

Lawyers for the psychiatrist who prescribed the drugs said their client stood by his diagnosis - and would "normally take between 30 and 45 minutes", but in this case he "did not consider it necessary" because of the psychologist's report.

I think I'd have felt more reassured if I could have seen both the psychologist and the psychiatrist in person. But this wasn't an option, despite the company website saying its "main clinic" was located on Harley Street, central London's prestigious medical neighbourhood.

When I later visited the address listed on Harley Psychiatrists' website, I was told over the intercom that there were no psychiatrists on site. Harley later told us it has routinely seen patients at that location, even though it doesn't have a permanent clinic on the site.

This whole investigation began when Panorama received an email from a concerned mother. She had written to us to say she felt her 21-year-old daughter had been diagnosed too quickly by a private clinic and that it had prescribed her strong drugs with no proper follow-up care.

As I started to research the subject - speaking to NHS staff, specialists, academics, former patients and whistleblower staff at private clinics - I heard a common refrain.

"If you're willing to pay for an assessment, you'll get a diagnosis."

"I can't imagine them saying, 'No, you don't have it'," says former patient Casey

A former Harley Psychiatrists' patient I spoke to - Casey - says she chose the company for the name, its location and positive online reviews. Casey was being treated on the NHS for anxiety, but says after seeing an Instagram post about ADHD she became convinced that she had that too.

Put off by the long NHS waiting lists, she borrowed the money to book a £685 appointment. Her experience was similar to mine. She was diagnosed in two stages - with a psychologist assessment, followed by a video call with a psychiatrist. The appointments lasted similar lengths of time to mine and she was prescribed stimulant medication at the end.

"It was kind of like a diagnostic factory," she recalls.

"If I didn't have ADHD," she said, "I can't imagine them saying, 'No, you don't have it.'"

Casey says her calls and emails were frequently ignored - and yet the clinic was quick to make contact when she posted a negative review online, demanding that she remove it.

The clinic emailed her saying her "false review and all other correspondence" had been passed on to its "legal department".

Casey says she felt deeply upset by the experience and - after leaving Harley Psychiatrists - she was signed off work for four months. Since then, Casey has been seeing a different psychiatrist and her care has improved.

Lawyers for Harley Psychiatrists say they have never sought the removal of negative reviews that were truthful, only those that they claim contained falsehoods.

More and more people are turning to private clinics for an assessment to determine whether they have ADHD. Panorama investigates whether some are giving unreliable diagnoses

Watch the full investigation on BBC iPlayer now

It will be on BBC One on Monday 15 May at 20:00 in England and Scotland, and 20:30 in Wales and Northern Ireland

By the time I was booked in for my second private assessment with a company called ADHD 360, I had an idea of what to expect. ADHD 360 is a private provider that has won a number of NHS contracts.

The government is keen to outsource NHS work to private firms to tackle lengthy waiting times. However, we had been told by patients, former staff and some within the NHS, that there were serious concerns regarding how ADHD 360 assessed people.

It cost £950 to be assessed and treated by ADHD 360, and my online assessment - carried out by a pharmacist - was longer than with Harley Psychiatrists, lasting just over an hour. There were more follow-up questions about some of the answers I had given, but it did not feel thorough.

At one point, I did mention that my sister had died, but the clinician - who seemed to be uncomfortable by what I just said - moved on quickly. There was also an interlude as we discussed our favourite Leeds United players.

The assessor totted up my scores from what appeared to be a checklist of symptoms, confirmed that I met the criteria for ADHD, and proceeded to prescribe a higher dose of stimulant medication than had been recommended by Harley Psychiatrists.

ADHD 360 told us it is regulated as an NHS provider and delivers "high standard assessment, diagnosis, treatment and care" for thousands of patients. Its "qualified clinicians" are trained in its own academy and its "assessments meet all accepted best practices". It said on this occasion its "prescription policy was regrettably not followed", and "procedures have now been reviewed" and enhanced.

My final online assessment - with ADHD Direct in Glasgow - cost £1,095 and was conducted by a nurse. She was new, and so was being supervised by another nurse. The assessment was a little longer - one hour and 40 minutes - and I had a follow-up appointment three weeks later to get my results.

Once again, I was told I had ADHD and offered stimulant medication, but this time I told the clinic I was a reporter before I got my prescription.

Lawyers for ADHD Direct told us there would have been more checks before I was prescribed any drugs - and that the clinic stood by its diagnosis and had carried out a "full developmental and psychiatric history".

A company audit had shown that 10% of patients seen did not have ADHD and that there was "no incentive… to over-diagnose" - they said.

So despite having had a comprehensive NHS assessment carried out by a consultant psychiatrist which concluded that I don't have ADHD - I now also had three private diagnoses saying the opposite.

There's no doubt that many people who go private will have ADHD.

But my investigation shows how some clinics hand out unreliable diagnoses - and that can put vulnerable patients at risk.

If you are affected by any of the issues in this story you can visit BBC Action Line.

Southampton 0-2 Fulham: Aleksandar Mitrovic scores on return from ban as Saints relegated from Premier League Last updated on .From the section Premier League

Aleksandar Mitrovic reached a career-high top-flight tally of 12 goals with Fulham's second at Southampton Southampton's 11-year stay in the Premier League ended in tame fashion as their relegation was confirmed with defeat at home by Fulham. Aleksandar Mitrovic, making his return from an eight-game ban for pushing referee Chris Kavanagh, sealed Saints' fate with a stooping header after Carlos Vinicius' opener. The hosts could have few complaints about the outcome after producing a muted performance despite knowing they had to win to have any chance of pulling off an unlikely survival mission. They did have a Carlos Alcaraz strike disallowed for a marginal offside just before Vinicius broke the deadlock but the confident Cottagers were comfortably the better side. Willian's first-half volley was cleared off the line by fellow Brazilian Lyanco, who had earlier been fortunate to escape a video assistant referee's penalty check for handball. But Vinicius tucked home after Lyanco's clearance ricocheted to him kindly off Harrison Reed and Mitrovic nodded in his 12th league goal of the season from Harry Wilson's cross. Southampton, lethargic throughout, had no response after falling behind and will be playing Championship football next season for the first time since 2012.
• None Follow reaction from Southampton v Fulham and the rest of Saturday's Premier League action
• None Go straight to all the best Southampton content Sorry Saints sink into second tier Ruben Selles - 'Southampton will bounce with or without me' Prime Minister Rishi Sunak, a Saints supporter, was among those in attendance on Saturday but the clumps of empty seats before kick-off at St Mary's suggested many fans had already conceded the game was up. Their fears were proven right and those vacant chairs numbered thousands at the final whistle, with some of the few who stayed behind voicing their displeasure at interim boss Ruben Selles and his players. Southampton have collected just three points from the past 33 available, slipping into freefall just as a number of their relegation rivals had begun to produce important and, in some cases, unexpected results. Much of the damage was done long before that run, however - Southampton slipped into the relegation places on 6 November after a 4-1 home loss to Newcastle and have remained there ever since. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak was among the Southampton fans in attendance for the game against Fulham They sacked Ralph Hasenhuttl a day after that drubbing but the subsequent ill-fated appointment of Nathan Jones as his successor yielded worse results than the Austrian had overseen. The former Luton boss lost seven of his eight league games in charge - the only glimmer of light a 2-1 win at Frank Lampard's then equally hapless Everton. Jones, quickly on thin ice with supporters following home defeats by Brighton and relegation rivals Nottingham Forest, was dismissed after a 2-1 loss to 10-man fellow strugglers Wolves on 11 February. By that time, Saints had hit rock-bottom, sinking to 20th after the Boxing Day defeat by Brighton and staying rooted to the table virtually ever since. Two wins in Selles' first three games in charge - both 1-0 victories, at Stamford Bridge against misfiring Chelsea and at home to fellow drop candidates Leicester - provided a glimmer of hope. But key losses to West Ham, Bournemouth and Nottingham Forest, as well as letting a 3-1 lead after 88 minutes slip to draw 3-3 at then leaders Arsenal, put paid to any hopes of a great escape. Southampton have spent more than three times as long at the foot of the Premier League in 2022-23 as any other club Southampton's previous absence from the Premier League, after relegation in 2005, lasted seven years and included a two-season dip into League One - both things they will hope to avoid this time. They will almost certainly have to rebound without inspirational skipper James Ward-Prowse, who will have suitors aplenty - although it is a damning indictment on their season and, perhaps, summer recruitment, that it is difficult to pick out too many other obvious saleable assets. Saints could take inspiration from Fulham, twice relegated from the top flight in the past four years but showing signs they can shed that yo-yo tag under Marco Silva. This win lifted last season's Championship title-winners to ninth and all but assured the Cottagers a top-half finish, a deserved reward for the entertaining and attacking brand of football they have produced. While Southampton were enduring a club-record 24th league loss of the season and failing to improve on their all-time low home haul of 10 points, from 54 available so far, Fulham were setting happier milestones. This was their 15th Premier League win of the campaign - a record high for the club, as was a seventh top-flight away victory, and they also equalled their highest goal tally of 52 from 2003-04 and 2004-05.
• None Attempt saved. Manor Solomon (Fulham) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Bobby De Cordova-Reid.
• None Harrison Reed (Fulham) wins a free kick on the right wing.
• None Delay over. They are ready to continue.
• None Delay in match because of an injury Manor Solomon (Fulham).
• None Attempt blocked. Roméo Lavia (Southampton) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Moussa Djenepo.
• None Attempt blocked. Kamaldeen Sulemana (Southampton) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page
• None Our coverage of your Premier League club is bigger and better than ever before - here's everything you need to know to make sure you never miss a moment

London City Airport has scrapped the 100ml liquid limit by using high-tech scanners which also allow electronics to be kept in hand luggage at security.

Travellers can now carry on up to two litres of liquid, and toiletries no longer have to be put in separate bags.

It is the second UK airport to use this technology in all its security lanes, after Teesside introduced it in March.

The government has set a June 2024 deadline for most UK airports to install the machines.

London City Airport has brought in the C3 scanners which takes high-resolution 3D images of bags.

Passengers at other airports currently have to remove items such as tablets, laptops and liquids from hand luggage for security checks.

The current rules were introduced in November 2006, at the end of a ban on liquids in the cabin, when British police said they had foiled a plot to blow up as many as 10 planes using explosives hidden in drinks.

London City Airport started trialling the new technology more than a year ago and went live with four of the new X-ray machines, similar to CT scanners used in hospitals, on Tuesday.

Chief operating officer Alison FitzGerald said screening staff had been retrained to use the technology, which presents 3D imagery, and the public can be assured it is safe.

Alison FitzGerald says the new system will speed up movement through the airport

"The level of processing now through the X-ray is even more secure than it was previously and the machine has the ability to differentiate between a non-dangerous and a dangerous liquid."

The machine would still reject images it was not happy with, she said, but it would allow staff to focus on potential threats while allowing items such as water, shampoo and perfume to go through.

It would also speed up the "door to gate" process with estimates of a 30% increase in passenger numbers, Ms FitzGerald added.

"The whole process is quicker on the basis that previously you needed to empty your bag and put that in multiple trays whereas now it's one bag in one tray and you don't need to take everything out," she said.

The current rules on liquids were introduced in November 2006

Which? consumer expert Harry Kind said while it was the "beginning of the end" of a system introduced 17 years ago, people should not assume it was a rule change across the board.

"It's really important passengers actually check what the rules are for the airports they're flying from and flying to," he said.

But crucially it should reduce waiting times. Many travellers reported delays of up to an hour at security, and in a recent Which? survey 7% said they had missed a flight because of queues, Mr Kind added.

"This change will make a massive difference and reduce the number of people missing flights and losing out on their holidays just because they've got a too big bottle of shampoo."

London City Airport was already the fastest of the UK airports it surveyed for security times, with an average of 12 minutes, he added.

The largest of the UK's airports are rolling out the next generation technology on a gradual basis.

Heathrow trialled 3D scanners in 2017 and said with more security lanes than any other airport installing the new machines was "always going to be complex and take longer".

Gatwick is currently trialling one lane with next generation technology and a spokesperson said passengers should continue to follow all existing rules.

Other airports told the BBC they had no specific date for completion but would be in line with the government deadline of June 2024.

The technology has already been in use by airports in the US, such as Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson and Chicago's O'Hare, for a number of years.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Footage shows the moment the aircraft crashed into the sea

An aircraft has crashed into the sea off the south Wales coast.

HM Coastguard was called out on Tuesday morning after reports of a light aircraft going into the sea at Porthcawl, in Bridgend county.

It said the alarm was raised at about 09:20 BST as the pilot was making his way on to dry land.

One person has been taken to hospital for further treatment, the Welsh Ambulance Service said.

The Renegade Spirit biplane was later hauled onto the shore as part of the recovery effort, the coastguard added.

Resident Margaret Kendrick said she looked out of her window to see the upside-down aircraft.

The aircraft crashed into the sea off Porthcawl

"He was very lucky where it landed, I walked out of my house and saw a red shape," she said.

"Somebody not far away saw it coming down, all of a sudden the plane was quiet and the engine went off."

The coastguard said the pilot made his way to dry land after the crash

"There's RNLI boats, the police and a helicopter there - the tide is coming in now," said Ms Kendrick.

"The pilot walked away apparently, he was so close to the rocks - I thought I was seeing things."

James Brown, 75, saw the plane crash while walking on nearby Lock's Common.

The retired church minister said he heard the aircraft's engine "stutter" before the plane "swooped" into the water.

Onlookers said the crash was a "near miss" from the nearby rocks

He told the PA news agency: "As I was observing the bay I could hear a fairly low noise of a plane and as I looked to the Swansea direction I saw a light aircraft.

"It was a bright red colour, very visual, and it passed me right by on the edge of the rocks.

"Then three or four seconds later I heard the engine begin to splutter and stutter. As I watched it, the engine died completely and then very rapidly it just swooped right down into the water.

"I couldn't see the exact moment of the crash, but I walked over and could see it had upended, with the nose in the water and the tail sticking up in the air."

Mr Brown described the incident as "a very near miss" and said if the pilot had landed on nearby rocks, it "would have been a very different outcome".

Emergency services attended the scene after being called shortly before 09:30

Chris Page, from the RNLI, said the team were "incredibly relieved" to arrive on scene to find the pilot was able to be safely recovered.

The Air Accidents Investigation Branch said it was aware of the incident and was investigating.

Lincolnshire Police posted a picture of the frozen lake at Hartsholme Country Park on social media

Police have been called to reports of children playing on the ice on a frozen lake in Lincoln.

Officers were sent to Hartsholme Country Park on Wednesday afternoon.

Lincolnshire Police later posted an image of the pond on social media, saying: "This may look like a picturesque frozen lake, but the ice is thin and unstable."

A force spokesperson said: "After the upsetting news in Solihull, we cannot overstate how dangerous this is."

"Falling into freezing water through ice can be fatal in minutes," they added.

"Please make sure you educate your children about the dangers of ice and cold water."

Following the incident in Lincoln, Dan Moss from Lincolnshire Fire and Rescue Service said people should stay away from frozen lakes and ponds.

"Even if they look strong enough to take your weight, they might not be," he said.

"Never enter the water if you see someone struggling, as you are likely to get into trouble as well. This also applies to dogs or other animals who may have fallen into water.

"Call the emergency services and remain calm and give as much information as you can to the call handler."

Mr Moss went on to ask parents "to always know where your children are playing and remind them about the dangers of frozen lakes and ponds."

Four boys, aged 6, 8, 10 and 11, died after falling into an icy lake in Solihull in the West Midlands on Sunday.

Follow BBC East Yorkshire and Lincolnshire on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. Send your story ideas to yorkslincs.news@bbc.co.uk.

Ofcom launched an investigation after receiving 422 complaints about Naomi Wolf's comments

A GB News programme which broadcast claims that the Covid-19 vaccination programme amounted to "mass murder" has been found to have broken Ofcom rules.

The claims were made in an interview with Naomi Wolf on a show hosted by Mark Steyn last October.

Ofcom received 422 complaints about the comments, and has now asked GB News to attend a meeting on the matter.

GB News said it accepted Ofcom's findings and it welcomed the opportunity to meet with the watchdog.

Ofcom found that the broadcaster did not do enough to protect viewers from potentially harmful content.

The ruling follows a similar breach by the Mark Steyn show on GB News in April last year.

Ms Wolf, a journalist and author, was interviewed about the roll-out of the Covid vaccine during Mr Steyn's hour-long show on the news channel.

She claimed the vaccination programme amounted to "mass murder" and was comparable to the actions of "doctors in pre-Nazi Germany".

Ofcom said her claims "amounted to the promotion of a serious, unchallenged conspiracy theory which was presented with authority".

It was "particularly concerned" by her "serious and alarming claim" that "mass murder" was taking place - something she repeated three times.

"These claims had the potential to impact on viewers' decisions about their health and were therefore potentially harmful," the Ofcom report said.

"[GB News] should have ensured that Naomi Wolf's potentially harmful comments were challenged or otherwise contextualised to provide adequate protection for the audience, which they were not."

The programme was found to have broken rule 2.1 of Ofcom's broadcasting code.

Mr Steyn left GB News earlier this year, claiming the channel wanted to make him personally liable for Ofcom fines.

In March the regulator found that an earlier Mark Steyn show, which aired on April 21 2022, broke broadcasting rules and was "potentially harmful and materially misleading".

It used an "incorrect claim" that UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) data provided evidence of a "definitive causal link" between a third Covid-19 vaccine and higher rates of infection, death and people being admitted to hospital.

GB News launched in June 2021, promising to "change the face of news and debate in the UK".

A spokesperson for the channel said: "We accept Ofcom's finding that our former presenter Mark Steyn and his guest Naomi Wolf breached the Ofcom code in their broadcast about Covid vaccines last October. Mr Steyn last appeared on the channel five months ago."

They said they took Ofcom compliance and freedom of speech seriously.

But they added: "The Communications Act of 2003 and the Ofcom Code which stemmed from it were not framed with channels like ours in mind, nor did they fully envisage the current mix of news and opinion in broadcast, or indeed the online and social media world.

"We welcome the opportunity to meet Ofcom and to work with them in ensuring that our legal freedoms to speak freely are robustly protected, while remaining aligned with some of the best journalism and broadcasting standards in the world."

In a statement on her website, Ms Wolf said she stood by her claims and described the ruling as "damaging censorship" and a "baseless reputational attack".

"The exposure of danger to the public which Ofcom today assails, is exactly what real journalism is supposed to do," she added.

"I will continue to speak out with lifesaving information to help protect women and babies."

The Covid vaccine is safe and strongly recommended for pregnant and breastfeeding women, according to the NHS.

A GB News programme hosted by two Conservative MPs is also at the centre of an Ofcom investigation, amid claims it broke impartiality rules.

Ofcom has the power to fine a broadcaster or to suspend or revoke a licence if they consider a broadcaster has "seriously, deliberately, repeatedly or recklessly" breached one of its requirements.

The sacked boss of the CBI was not shown a copy of the report that led to his immediate dismissal from the business lobby group.

Tony Danker was fired following allegations of workplace misconduct at the lobby group.

The BBC understands Mr Danker was interviewed and submitted written evidence as part of an independent investigation but was not given a chance to respond to the final report.

Meanwhile, the BBC has learned that a major FTSE 100 company has suspended all engagement with the CBI following separate allegations of serious sexual misconduct at the group. Mr Danker is not the subject of these allegations.

Another large blue chip UK company - which wished to remain anonymous - said it was "deeply concerned" about the claims facing the lobby group.

Law firm Fox Williams conducted an investigation which found that Mr Danker's conduct had fallen short of that expected of the director general.

This included a complaint from a female employee in January and complaints from other members of staff which surfaced last month.

Mr Danker wrote on social media: "Many of the allegations against me have been distorted, but I recognise that I unintentionally made a number of colleagues feel uncomfortable and I am truly sorry about that".

Mr Danker was appointed as director general of the CBI in 2020, replacing Dame Carolyn Fairbairn who had held the job for five years.

He is being replaced by Rain Newton-Smith who is returning to the CBI. She was chief economist at the lobby group between 2014 and March this year and was also a member of its executive committee. She left to join Barclays.

Fox Williams is also investigating sexual misconduct claims against CBI employees, including an allegation of rape at a summer boat party in 2019.

Three CBI employees have been suspended and the City of London police are investigating the claims.

Many companies contacted by the BBC who are members of the CBI have expressed deep concerns over the allegations and are reviewing their membership of the business lobby group, pending the outcome of the investigations.

The government has said it will extend the pause it has placed on engagement with the CBI until Fox Williams' investigation has concluded.

It is not clear whether the involvement of the police will alter the timetable of the report and the CBI could not estimate when it might be published.

It leaves the CBI in limbo for the time being, unable to effectively engage with either government or its own members.

A spokesperson for Rolls-Royce, the aerospace giant, said the allegations were "deeply concerning".

"We note the actions that the CBI has announced and that investigations are continuing. We will await the completion of these investigations before considering our membership," they spokesperson added.

Triple-murder accused Valdo Calocane appeared at Nottingham Crown Court, giving his name as Adam Mendes

A man charged with the murders of three people who died in attacks in Nottingham has appeared in court.

Valdo Calocane is accused of killing 19-year-old students Barnaby Webber and Grace O'Malley-Kumar, and school caretaker Ian Coates, 65, on 13 June.

The 31-year-old gave his name in court as Adam Mendes.

Scheduling a trial date of 12 January, the judge said the victims' families had been "profoundly and devastatingly affected by the case".

Wearing a grey prison jumper and tracksuit, Mr Calocane was remanded in custody after no application was made for bail at Nottingham Crown Court on Tuesday morning.

University of Nottingham students Mr Webber and Ms O'Malley-Kumar were fatally stabbed on Ilkeston Road just after 04:00 BST on Tuesday, while Mr Coates was found dead with knife injuries on Magdala Road after his van was allegedly stolen.

Ian Coates, Barnaby Webber and Grace O'Malley-Kumar died at the scene of the attacks

Mr Calocane is also charged with attempting to murder pedestrians Wayne Birkett, Marcin Gawronski and Sharon Miller after allegedly driving Mr Coates' van at them in Milton Street and Upper Parliament Street, in the city centre.

One man remains in a stable condition in hospital and two people have been discharged, Nottingham University Hospitals (NUH) NHS Trust said.

Prosecuting, Peter Ratliff said it was a "complex and ongoing investigation with multiple lines of inquiry being pursued".

Judge Nirmal Shant KC asked the defendant to confirm his name was Valdo Calocane, to which he replied, "it is Adam Mendes".

Addressing Mr Ratliff, the judge said: "There are people in this court who are profoundly and devastatingly affected by this case.

"Can I say through you that they have shown the utmost restraint and dignity and I thank them for it."

Ms O'Malley-Kumar's father (right) and Mr Webber's parents embraced at a vigil held at the University of Nottingham

The family of Mr Webber, a history student from Taunton in Somerset, previously described their "complete devastation" at the "senseless murder of our son", saying he was a "beautiful, brilliant, bright young man, with everything in life to look forward to".

On Sunday, Mr Webber's cricket club, Bishops Hull, announced a memorial game would be taking place to honour their "irreplaceable teammate and friend".

Thousands gathered in Nottingham city centre to remember Mr Coates, Mr Webber and Ms O'Malley-Kumar on Thursday

Ms O'Malley-Kumar's family described her as a "truly wonderful and beautiful young lady" and that she would be "so dearly missed".

The medical student, from Woodford in north-east London, had represented Essex in cricket as a teenager and had also played for England Hockey.

Thousands attended vigils at the university and Market Square to remember the victims, and a minute's silence was held ahead of the first Ashes cricket Test at Edgbaston, Birmingham, on Friday.

A number of roads in Nottingham city centre were cordoned off after the attacks

Nottinghamshire Police referred itself to the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) the day after the attacks.

The investigation will look at whether the actions of the van driver were influenced by the presence of a police car that was following.

The IOPC said an officer driving the single-crewed vehicle had sight of the suspect driving the van for less than a minute before it hit pedestrians.

The officer immediately stopped to give first aid to those who had been hit, the IOPC added.

Mr Calocane, of no fixed address, is due to enter pleas before Nottingham Crown Court on 25 September.

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Fourth LV= Insurance Ashes Test, Emirates Old Trafford (day four of five):

England dodged the rain to take the vital wicket of Marnus Labuschagne but their Ashes hopes remain in the balance going into the final day of the fourth Test against Australia.

On a fourth day that could have been entirely lost to rain, a period of dry weather allowed 30 overs of play from 14:45 BST at Old Trafford.

England were frustrated for a long period by Labuschagne, who made only his second overseas Test hundred and shared a stubborn partnership of 103 with Mitchell Marsh.

As the light faded, England were ordered to bowl spin and Joe Root's off-breaks provided an unlikely source of inspiration.

He had Labuschagne caught behind by juggling wicketkeeper Jonny Bairstow for 111 and almost had Marsh held at short leg.

Rain arrived at the scheduled tea break of 17:00, preventing any further action and leaving Australia on 214-5, still 61 short of making England bat again. Marsh has 31 and Cameron Green three.

With more bad weather forecast for Sunday, England are left hoping for enough time to force the win that would level the series at 2-2 and turn the fifth Test at The Oval into a decider.

Though victory is now almost out of the question for Australia, a draw would be enough for them to retain the urn.
• None How day four at Old Trafford unfolded
• None England will win 3-2 if they win fourth Test - Vaughan

This series has produced three thrilling Tests, with the drama in the fourth now coming through England's battle with the weather. It would be a huge anti-climax if the rain has a decisive say in the destination of the Ashes urn.

England were fortunate to get any play on Saturday. Overnight rain persisted into the morning and early afternoon, but the ground was readied at a remarkable speed. The empty stands filled rapidly as news of a start filtered through.

Though the overheads were ideal and the crowd expectant, England were blocked by an unresponsive surface - there was no sign of the uneven bounce from earlier in the match - and the determination of Labuschagne and Marsh.

The reverse swing of Friday evening also disappeared as the ball became wet. When England persuaded the umpires to change it and looked to bring Mark Wood into the attack, they were told the light was not fit enough for pace. It turned out to be a blessing in disguise, as Root proved to be the most threatening bowler.

England will return on Sunday wishing for the weather to be kind. There is the possibility of 98 overs of play and second new ball available nine overs into the day.

For Australia, they will not only be looking to repel England, but also build a lead to make the hosts' route to victory longer. Their inclusion of both Marsh and Green in this Test, extending the batting line-up, was done partly with this scenario in mind.

Labuschagne delivers when Australia need it most

This has been a difficult series for Labuschagne. Beginning ranked as the world's number one Test batter, he had not managed a half-century before this match.

He hinted at a return to form with 51 in the first innings and then delivered what could yet prove to be an Ashes-saving hundred.

With Australia 113-4 overnight, Labuschagne began on 44 and Marsh one. Though Labuschagne took a painful blow on the finger from a Wood bouncer, he was largely untroubled by England's short-ball plan.

Marsh, usually so aggressive, was a calm foil. He has struck only four fours in a 107-ball stay and two of those came in successive deliveries from Chris Woakes, who spent time off the field suffering from stiffness.

When Root came on, Labuschagne lofted two sixes over long-on, but also flashed an edge off an arm-ball past slip Zak Crawley when he was on 93.

He went to his 11th Test ton by pinching a single off Moeen Ali before making an error attempting to cut Root and was given out on review.

Given the stakes and urgency of the situation, this was a curiously flat performance from England's seamers.

They got little movement from the ball or the pitch and chewed up precious time as they deliberated over field placings and tactics.

A bouncer plan achieved little other than knocking the ball out of shape, after which came the stroke of luck with Wood being denied the chance to bowl, resulting in the call to Moeen and Root.

While Moeen mixed some dangerous bounce with regular loose deliveries, Root constantly made things happen.

He was convinced on-field umpire Nitin Menon had made a mistake for the Labuschagne wicket, celebrating towards the Party Stand even before the review was complete. In the same over, an inside edge off Marsh went in and out of the fingers of bat-pad fielder Harry Brook.

Green survived a review off Moeen from the final ball before the tea break. England would have been happy to bowl more spin after the interval, only to be denied the opportunity.

Australia batter Marnus Labuschagne, speaking to BBC Sport: "It's always very special getting a Test hundred. It doesn't happen too often but I'm disappointed I couldn't get us to tea.

"We were so close to having a tremendous day there. For us, this is about saving this Test match and retaining the Ashes."

England batting coach Marcus Trescothick: "We got more play than we expected. It looked like a complete washout so it's a bonus. We're one wicket closer but it's still frustrating.

"It really does depend on the weather. We wanted to get two or three wickets today and we'll take any play we can tomorrow."

BBC cricket correspondent Jonathan Agnew: "England were a bit flat. There wasn't much of their usual chatter and the noise from the players you get when you are going for a win."

Ejaz Azam said the goal-scoring wonder kept saying how "incredible" it was

An ice cream man has described the "amazing" moment Manchester City's Erling Haaland boarded his van and helped serve up frozen treats for fun.

The goal-scoring wonder was out celebrating his team's historic Treble when he spotted the van and knocked on the window.

Stunned owner Ejaz Azam said it was his "favourite moment ever" and was only too happy to welcome Haaland onboard.

The Scandinavian striker said it was "incredible" to make his own ice cream.

Mr Azam, from Oldham, said he was "so shocked" after coming face-to-face with Haaland close to Mayfield Depot near Manchester's Piccadilly rail station.

"Haaland asked to come in the van and then we served slush to people. It was my favourite moment ever," the 36-year-old said.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Man City's number nine is more used to hundreds and thousands of football fans

Mr Azam said his patch is usually in Chadderton but he had ventured into town on the day of City's open-top bus parade through Manchester on Monday.

"I had actually finished a 14-hour shift," he said.

"He knocked on the window just after midnight and I initially said I was closed, but when I saw it was Haaland, I started up my engine."

Haaland recently became the first player to win both the Premier League's player of the year and young player of the year awards in the same season.

Mr Azam said the 22-year-old had initially asked for a blue slush before boarding the van and whizzing up an ice cream too.

The Norwegian may be more used to delighting hundreds and thousands of football fans across Europe but it seems his substitute appearance in the van made a big impression.

Mr Azam said the striker helped to serve customers too

"It's everyone's dream to come into a van and Haaland was so happy," Mr Azam continued.

"He kept saying it was incredible.

"Then people starting queuing outside asking for ice cream, so he helped serve some slush.

"I was so shocked, surprised and amazed."

Mr Azam, who has sold ice cream for eight years, said the whole episode became "a blur" but it was a moment he would "treasure forever".

He said his regular customers back in Oldham have since been queuing up at his Mr Whippy van to hear his story.

"They have a heart of gold and I have so much respect for them," he said.

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

Joanna Cherry had been due to take part in an event in August

SNP MP Joanna Cherry is threatening to take legal action against an Edinburgh venue which cancelled a Fringe show in which she was due to appear.

She says she will take "whatever legal action is necessary" unless The Stand admits that it acted unlawfully, issues an apology and reinstates the event.

The venue had cancelled the show after staff said they were not comfortable with her views on transgender issues.

The Stand has not yet responded to Ms Cherry's comments.

The Edinburgh South West MP had been due to take part in a series of In Conversation With... events in August.

Ms Cherry is a critic of Scotland's gender recognition reform plans, which make it easier for people to change their legally-recognised sex.

Last week she told BBC Scotland she felt she had been "cancelled and no-platformed" because she was a lesbian who holds gender-critical views.

She said she had been "greatly heartened" by the support she had received since the story became public, and had decided to seek legal advice.

"I am prepared to take whatever legal action is necessary to vindicate my right not to be misrepresented and not to be discriminated against," she said.

"This is not about money. My primary goal is to have the actions of The Stand acknowledged as unlawful and to ensure the event proceeds.

"I have asked The Stand to apologise to me too. If they don't agree with my reasonable requests, I intend to ask the court to decide on the issue."

Ms Cherry said the decision to cancel her show was symptomatic of a wider problem in society.

"I am very concerned that those who hold perfectly legitimate views on a variety of issues, including women like me, are regularly being misrepresented, de-platformed and, in some cases, facing damage to or the loss of our livelihoods," she added.

"This is often accompanied by online abuse and threats.

"The debate on gender self-identification is a very important one which must be allowed to take place, but I am a woman of many parts who was engaged to talk about my political life in general and I see the cancelling of my one-hour event as the thin end of the wedge."

The Stand said it would not be making any further comment until it had discussed the matter with its solicitors.

In a statement released last week, the venue said that a number of its key operational staff - including venue management and box office personnel - were unwilling to work on the event.

The statement said: "We will ensure that their views are respected.

"We will not compel our staff to work on this event and so have concluded that the event is unable to proceed on a properly staffed, safe and legally-compliant basis.

"We advised the show producers, Fair Pley Productions, of this operational issue and they advised Joanna Cherry that it is no longer possible to host the event in our venue."

The Stand - which was co-founded by SNP MP Tommy Sheppard - said it did not endorse the views of any participant in the In Conversation With... series, which is organised by independent producer Fair Pley.

Mr Sheppard, who sits on the venue's board and is believed to be one of a number of shareholders, said it would be wrong to characterise it as a dispute between him and Ms Cherry.

The Scottish Events Campus in Glasgow was ordered to pay almost £100,000 in damages to a controversial evangelical US preacher after axing his event in 2020.

Franklin Graham's appearance at the Hydro was scrapped following pressure from Glasgow City Council, Scottish Greens co-leader Patrick Harvie and campaigners over his views on issues such as homosexuality, Islam and Donald Trump.

Venue staff had claimed the move was due to security and protest concerns but a sheriff ruled that Mr Graham had been discriminated against and that the SEC had breached the Equality Act by not letting him perform.

In his ruling, Sheriff John McCormick said: "The pursuer's right to engage a speaker at the evangelical event - in furtherance of a religious or philosophical belief - is protected by law".

Amid all the noise in this affair Rishi Sunak hadn’t before now uttered the words "Gary Lineker" as far as I can tell. So why now?

Through the week a host of his top team had been all too happy to weigh in.

Sunak’s Press Secretary (speaking on his behalf), Culture Secretary Lucy Frazer, immigration minister Robert Jenrick and Home Office minister Chris Philp all criticised Lineker’s comments.

And Home Secretary Suella Braverman said: "I don’t think anything that is happening in the UK today can come close to what happened in the Holocaust."

That’s a lot of ministers caring about an issue enough to address it. They didn’t explicitly call for action against Lineker, but criticised him roundly.

The minute Lineker was suspended that dynamic changed. No ministers commenting, just an official line: "individual cases are a matter for the BBC."

The government, it seems, was happy enough to weigh in while the issue gained momentum. It kept the story in the headlines.

Number 10 wants people to see it’s pushing ahead with its new legislation on small boats. If the plan causes some outrage, from Downing Street’s viewpoint, that’s not necessarily a bad thing.

It helps create the impression this is a tough approach, pushing boundaries. Which might translate into support among its target voters.

But the minute Gary Lineker was suspended it became a bit more tricky. Now, if you are in Number 10, you don’t want to be dragged into the row any further.

He’s popular, there’s a backlash growing as his colleagues rally behind him. And there’s already lots of criticism about the Conservatives putting pressure on the BBC.

If this ends with Lineker leaving the BBC you want as much distance from that decision as possible.

Time to soften the tone, praise Lineker - he’s "a great footballer and is a talented presenter". Time to say the PM "hopes" this can be "resolved" but it’s for the BBC "not the government".

An effort to extricate the PM in case there’s fall out.

This visit to the UK comes after a hectic few days travelling around Europe for Ukraine's President Zelensky.

On Saturday, he flew to Italy, where he met the Italian president, Sergio Mattarella, PM Giorgia Meloni and Pope Francis.

His Italian hosts promised full military and financial backing, and after a 40-minute private meeting with the Pope, Zelensky thanked the Pontiff for his "personal attention to the tragedy of millions of Ukrainians".

In the early hours of Sunday, Zelensky flew to Berlin. He was welcomed by President Frank-Walter Steinmeier and met Chancellor Olaf Scholz only a day after Germany announced €2.7bn (£2.4bn) worth of weapons.

In the afternoon, Zelensky travelled to Aachen in Germany, where he received the prestigious Charlemagne prize at a ceremony attended by EU chief Ursula von der Leyen.

That evening, Zelensky met French President Emmanuel Macron in Paris. Macron promised France “will train and equip” several Ukrainian battalions and provide them with “tens of armored vehicles and light tanks".

And then, on Monday morning, Zelensky touched down in the UK. PM Rishi Sunak pledged "hundreds" of air-defence missiles and long-range attack drones for Ukraine - although he didn't commit to sending the figher jets Zelensky has been asking for.

Each of these trips had undoubtedly been in the works for some time, as any visit by Zelensky requires huge security operations.

Yet his movements are not generally revealed until the last possible minute - so most of these visits came as a surprise to onlookers.

David Fleet stabbed a man to death just 10 days after leaving a psychiatric unit

When Sharon Lees' son David left a psychiatric unit, she said she warned staff he was too unwell to come home.

Ten days later, he stabbed a man to death who was out walking his dog because of "the voices in his head".

Sharon is demanding a public apology from Hywel Dda health board for both her son and the family of the man he killed, Lewis Stone, saying it "could [and] should have been prevented".

Hywel Dda said confidential information prevented it publishing its report.

Sharon raised her son David Fleet in the seaside town of Borth, Ceredigion.

"David loved being on the beach," she said.

"Growing up in Borth was really good for him. He was very quiet, would easily get lost in the crowd."

Growing up, "tiny little obsessions" made her suspect he was autistic.

He was diagnosed at 15, but as he turned 17, other things began to worry Sharon.

Sharon Lees says her son has feelings of guilt and remorse

"He seemed to think that we'd put something on his head to erase his memory. It was like he was seeing things that weren't there," said Sharon.

He started smoking cannabis to "sort of manage those symptoms", said Sharon, adding he struggled to sleep.

One day she walked into his bedroom to find "quite a lot of blood everywhere... he'd severely self-harmed".

She rushed her son to A&E and he was treated with anti-psychotic medication.

When he was well enough, he moved away from home to complete a college course, but he later relapsed and had to return home.

Sharon says David's art gives an insight into the acute mental health issues and paranoia he was experiencing

"It was clear that he was in psychosis. He started asking bizarre questions about someone watching us," said Sharon.

Fleet also began taking knives to bed with him and trying to light small fires in his bedroom.

"Eventually he said to me that he thought he might have to kill someone because 'people are watching us, there was hidden cameras everywhere and nowhere is safe' - that was when I said he had to come with me to hospital," said Sharon.

"We had to prise the knife off him to get him into the car and get him into hospital."

Sharon Lees wants the health board to say sorry to her, her son and Lewis Stone's family

In October 2018, Fleet was detained under the Mental Health Act, but when he was allowed home for visits, Sharon said she warned hospital staff he was still buying cannabis and looking for knives.

After four months as an in-patient, staff decided he should be treated at home.

"I just cried because I just don't know how I'm going to cope... he's over 6ft tall, I can't stop him from going out," said Sharon.

Early on 28 February 2019, 10 days after being sent home, Fleet left the house with a knife.

Lewis Stone's family say David Fleet "took away their beloved hero"

"I'm trying to phone him, trying to message him... I looked out of the back window and I could see the air ambulance. I just remember having this really sinking feeling. Like I knew," she said.

Fleet had never met his victim before that day.

Mr Stone, from Staffordshire, was walking his dog Jock along the bank of the River Leri while visiting his nearby holiday home which he and his wife had plans to retire to.

Fleet later told psychiatrists if he had not stabbed Mr Stone, the voices in his head "were going to kill him".

Family of Mr Stone - who died in hospital three months after the attack - said their lives changed in the "most horrific, heart-breaking" way.

They said the "old-fashioned gentleman", who was "adored" by his wife, children and grandchildren, would have been "defenceless".

Lewis Stone was stabbed when out walking near Borth Wild Animal Kingdom

BBC Wales Investigates has seen a copy of an internal health board report into David's care prior to the attack.

It reveals that three weeks before the stabbing, a doctor had warned he was not ready to leave hospital because of his "worsening mental state" and the risks he posed with knives.

Just days later, he was sent home without anyone updating his risk assessment and staff were meant to contact him the day before the attack, but did not because of their workload.

He also did not receive a dose of his anti-psychotic medication.

David pleaded guilty to Mr Stone's manslaughter due to diminished responsibility and was detained indefinitely at a secure psychiatric unit on 16 September 2019.

Mr Stone's family said there was "no excuse or forgiveness" for David and "nothing could be said or done to help them understand or move on from what's happened".

They agreed there were "huge failings in the mental health sector" to have "such a monster released and walking the streets, able to cause such harm" and want David Fleet to remain locked up.

Studies by the University of Manchester suggest between 2010 and 2020 there were 5,876 homicide offenders in the UK, of which 610 (11%) were under the care of mental health services.

While there was a fall in the overall homicide rate in England and Wales since 2008, the percentage of homicides carried out by people with schizophrenia actually increased.

Researchers said drug and alcohol misuse were known to elevate risk.

The Welsh government has the power to commission independent mental health homicide reviews and share lessons as widely as possible, but BBC Wales Investigates has discovered that since 2016, it has stopped asking for them.

This mean lessons from this and three other killings involving mentally ill people in Wales in that time have not been shared.

Lord Alex Carlile, a former MP and a barrister with decades of experience in homicide cases is critical of the "failure" to share information in David's case.

"It is absolutely dreadful. It is essential that in cases where there is a major safeguarding issue, information should be shared by all the relevant public and private sector organisations," he said.

He also said, the Welsh government should have commissioned independent reviews into other mental health homicides in this time, calling it a "seven-year scandal".

Lewis Stone died three months after being stabbed while taking his dog for a walk in February 2019

The Welsh government's decision means that, four years on from the killing, Mr Stone's family have not been able to see information about the missed opportunities to monitor Fleet.

Hywel Dda health board said it shared its internal report into Fleet's care with some of its own staff and the Welsh government but could not publish it because it contained confidential medical information.

In a private letter, Sharon was told it had subsequently made changes to its services, but she believes that, had details and lessons been shared with other health boards, it could potentially have prevented other killings.

The Welsh government said it was "satisfied" it had not needed to commission independent mental health homicide reviews since 2016 because health boards had been "thorough" when investigating their own cases.

However, it did admit the wider review system needed to change to ensure better "communication and coordination" so it was introducing the Single Unified Safeguarding Review.

A spokesman added: "This new approach eliminates the need for families to take part in multiple, often onerous and traumatising, reviews and will more quickly identify learning, build a greater understanding of what happened during an incident and why, and provide a clear action plan to improve services."

Sharon believes her son was let down by mental health services, leaving two families "devastated" as a result.

"The feelings of guilt and remorse that David is feeling are incomprehensible," she added.

She now wants the health board to say sorry to her son and Mr Stone's family.

"It's really important for just not only us, but for Mr Stone's family to have a public apology because of his illness and the lack of care that he received... it only feels justified that he also receives an apology because the health board failed him, which then in turn failed his victim's family."

The Scottish government will meet its pledge to provide free school meals for all primary school children, the deputy first minister has said.

Shona Robison said the full rollout that had been due to happen last 2022 will include P6 and P7 pupils by 2024.

But she confirmed a plan for universal free meals in secondary schools would have to be looked at again.

It comes after the first minister warned "tough choices" needed to be made about existing budgets.

Humza Yousaf said on Tuesday that future Scottish government spending plans would be targeted at those most in need.

Speaking on the BBC's Good Morning Scotland programme, Shona Robison backed Mr Yousaf's call for targeted spending to be effectively aimed at reducing poverty.

She said there was "no question" that the commitment to free school meals for P6 and P7 pupils would go ahead.

But she added that "resources are tight and we need to make difficult decisions".

"That is where the issue and question of targeting comes in," Ms Robison said.

"With the resources to roll out free school meals in secondary schools, would it be better targeted to support, for example, breakfast clubs or pre-clubs to make sure that children who are from the poorest families are actually getting three meals a day instead of one at lunchtime."

Shona Robison has backed the first minister's review of future spending plans

Ms Robison said the government could not and would not ignore the fact that many families were struggling to feed their children.

"We need to make sure that, within the limited resources we have, that money is being spent in the most effective way and that is what we're doing," she said.

Universal free school lunches have been extended to children in P4 and P5 since the SNP retained power in the May 2021 election, saving families an average of £400 a year.

Bruce Adamson, the Children and Young People's Commissioner Scotland, welcomed the deputy first minister's commitment to free meals for all primary pupils.

But he said the policy did not go far enough.

"When we are talking about something as basic as food, we know that a universal approach is effective," he said.

"We know that a targeted approach to free school meals means that some people miss out.

"Secondary pupils will be shocked that the Scottish government is reconsidering."

Scottish Labour MSP Paul O'Kane accused Humza Yousaf of "jettisoning promises" just weeks into his new job as first minister.

He said: "There is hidden hunger in schools.

"The government have committed to free school meals from primary one to seven and haven't delivered it yet."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: A definitive timeline of the Titan's last moments

An investigation into the causes of the Titan submersible disaster has been opened by the US Coast Guard.

Chief investigator Cpt Jason Neubauer said its priority would be recovering debris, and precautions would be taken in case human remains are found.

Speaking on Sunday, he also said the investigation would be able to recommend civil or criminal charges.

The Titan was on a dive to the Titanic wreck on 18 June when it imploded, killing all five people on board.

Cpt Neubauer told reporters in Boston that the US Coast Guard had convened its highest level of investigation.

He said it would would try to establish what caused the disaster, and make recommendations to prevent future tragedies. He added that it would be run jointly with Canadian, UK and French authorities.

The investigation is currently in its initial phase and efforts to recover the wreckage of the sub are ongoing. So far, five major pieces have been found 3,800m (12,467ft) below the surface in a large debris field near the bow of the Titanic.

Cpt Neubauer said investigators would be taking "all precautions" if they discover human remains.

He said the investigation could lead to tougher regulations and safety recommendations for submersibles, but could not confirm how long it would take to complete.

Once all evidence has been collected, Cpt Neubauer said investigators would likely hold a formal hearing to get witness testimony.

He added that interviews were already being conducted in the Canadian city of St John's, where the Titan's support vessel, the Polar Prince launched and towed the submersible into the North Atlantic Ocean.

Canadian investigators boarded the support ship on Saturday as part of their own investigation into the disaster.

US Coast Guard Rear Admiral John Mauger, who also spoke to reporters, was asked about the cost of the search and rescue operation but declined to answer.

He said it was not policy to charge for search and rescue and the service does not put a cost on human life or rescuing people in the "dangerous environment" of the ocean, adding "we always answer the call".

"We conduct disciplined operations with warranted risk to put our resources and lives at risk to save others. That's who we are."

England is not ready for the unavoidable impacts of global warming, the government's advisers on climate change say in a new report.

The Committee on Climate Change (CCC) said the government hasn't achieved any of its targets and needed a policy "step change" to avoid loss of life.

The CCC reviews the government's adaptation plans - preparations to cope with the effects of global warming.

The government said it would take the recommendations into account.

The committee, also known as the CCC, is an independent group of experts set up to provide the government with advice on the climate crisis.

Baroness Brown, chairwoman of the CCC's sub-committee on adaptation, said that the government wasn't taking the issue seriously enough.

"The government's lack of urgency on climate resilience is in sharp contrast to the recent experience of this country," she said.

Over the last couple of years, England has faced a series of extreme weather events, likely made worse by climate change.

Last year was the warmest on record for the UK - temperatures broke 40C for the first time and more than 25,000 wildfires broke out.

Sheffield was hit by wildfires last year as summer temperatures breached 40C in parts of England

As well as extreme heat, rainfall has been consistently low for parts of south and southeast England, affecting crop yields.

Andrew Blenkiron's 6,000-acre (24 sq km) farm in Thetford, Norfolk saw just 2.4mm of rain in February compared to the local average for that month of 43mm. He has now been forced to cut back on plans to plant potatoes, onions, parsnips and carrots by around a fifth.

He said: "Farmers are at the very forefront of climate change on a day-to-day basis... we are used to working with these issues, but we are concerned with the extremes we are now facing."

To cope with the impacts of extreme heat Mr Blenkiron has enlarged reservoirs on his farm and shifted harvesting patterns to prevent wildfires.

But he said that farmers needed more money from government to implement their climate plans, especially if they involved new infrastructure projects like reservoirs.

Andrew Blenkiron has adapted his farm to reduce emissions and lower the impact of climate change

A UK government spokesperson told the BBC: "We have taken decisive action to improve the UK's climate change resilience - including investing a record £5.2bn into flood defences."

The spokesperson said the government would factor in the committee's recommendations to the new National Adaptation Plan, which is expected to be published this summer.

The committee said the government needed to consider the resilience of farming systems in other countries.

Nearly half of all the food the UK consumes is imported. The CCC said this makes all of the UK's food supply vulnerable to global weather patterns.

Already this year supermarkets have placed limits on fruit and vegetable sales after bad weather in North Africa affected supply.

The committee has recommended the government require all large food sector companies by law to assess the climate risks to their supply chains.

Climate change could lead to more empty supermarket shelves

The committee reviewed the government's plans across 12 other areas - from buildings to transport to nature. They found that just five out of the 45 policy areas had fully credible climate change plans and none were making progress to improve climate resilience.

The committee commended the government for updating building regulations last year for new domestic properties - requiring developers to take account of overheating.

But they said this needed to be extended to cover all existing homes - as 80% of all homes that will be around in 2050 have already been built.

As many as 4.6 million homes overheat, according to a recent survey, putting those with existing health conditions like asthma at risk.

The report singled out England's internet networks as being woefully unprepared for climate change despite their crucial importance.

England's internet networks - made up of hundreds of data centres, and extensive networks of cables and masts - underpin the UK's service-based economy.

This infrastructure is already at risk from extreme weather, including heat and strong winds during storms. In November 2021, Storm Arwen left one million British properties without power and internet supply.

The committee found "there was no visible plan by the industry or government, to manage long-term risk".

The UK's internet supply is at risk from extreme weather as shown during Storm Arwen

Matt Evans, director of Markets at techUK, the UK's tech trade association, told the BBC the report showed there needed to be better collaboration across industry and government.

But he said it "doesn't fully capture the resiliency strategies employed by high-tech industries".

The committee did praise local governments for innovative climate change preparation, including the work of Kent County Council to help farmers switch their crops to those that will fare better in warmer weather.

But Baroness Brown said that central government needed to better support local adaptation plans by providing more funding and more region-specific information on future threats.

Partygate investigator Sue Gray was offered a job as the Labour leader's chief of staff in March this year

Former civil servant Sue Gray has chosen not to be interviewed as part of a Cabinet Office inquiry into talks with Labour about a senior party role, a minister has said.

Ms Gray quit the civil service after being offered a job as Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer's chief of staff.

A government appointments committee is investigating whether she breached civil service rules over the move.

Earlier, Sir Keir said he was confident Ms Gray had not broken any rules.

Ms Gray has held some of the most senior roles in the civil service and is best known for leading an investigation into the Partygate scandal, which contributed to Boris Johnson's downfall as prime minister last year.

She ended her decades-long career with the civil service in March, as Labour announced the party had offered her one of its most senior jobs ahead of the next general election.

The Conservative government said the situation was "unprecedented" and ordered an internal investigation into the circumstances of her resignation.

On Tuesday, Deputy Prime Minister Oliver Dowden issued a written statement to the House of Commons containing an update into the circumstances leading to Ms Gray's resignation.

In the statement, Mr Dowden said: "Ms Gray was given the opportunity to make representations as part of this process but chose not to do so."

Mr Dowden added: "I am unable at this stage to provide further information relating to the departure of Ms Gray whilst we consider next steps."

The internal investigation by the Cabinet Office is separate to an inquiry by the independent Advisory Committee on Business Appointments (Acoba), which will provide the final judgement on Ms Gray's departure.

Acoba is to recommend how long Ms Gray should wait before being allowed to take up the job with Labour.

The BBC has been told that Ms Gray's focus is on Acoba and she has "fully cooperated" with them and "given them all the details requested".

Dave Penman, leader of the FDA union, which represents civil servants, told Times Radio he understood why Ms Gray was prioritising Acoba rather than the Cabinet Office's internal investigation.

"Acoba is really the real deal when it comes to this and who's going to make a decision," Mr Penman said. "And it really should be, because it isn't doing it for political ends."

Under the civil service code, officials of Ms Gray's seniority must wait a minimum of three months before taking up outside employment.

Senior civil servants, as well as ministers, are expected to check with Acoba about any employment they wish to take within two years of leaving government.

Acoba provides advice and can recommend a delay of up to two years in starting a new job, but it has no power to block appointments.

However, Labour has said the party and Ms Gray will abide by its recommendations.

A long delay could hamper attempts to have Ms Gray in place well before the next general election, which is widely expected next year, to help Labour prepare for government if it wins power.

Earlier, Sir Keir accused the government of using the issue to try and deflect from the local election campaign, saying it should be focusing on the cost-of-living crisis instead.

"[The public are] not sitting at their breakfast talking about Sue Gray, they're talking about their bills," he told the BBC.

Ms Gray was thrust into the limelight after leading a government investigation into allegations of parties being held in Downing Street during the coronavirus lockdown.

She has held a number of senior positions, including head of the government's propriety and ethics team, since joining the civil service in the 1970s.

Ms Gray resigned from the post of second permanent secretary in the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities in March, after it emerged she had been offered a job with Labour.

Labour has insisted it did not approach Ms Gray until after her Partygate report was published.

But Mr Johnson and his allies have seized on Labour's job offer to claim Ms Gray's investigation when he was in power was an attempt to smear him.

Her report was critical of the senior political and civil service leadership, saying they "must bear responsibility" for the culture at No 10 during Covid lockdowns.

More than 175,000 patient appointments and procedures had to be cancelled in England when junior doctors went on strike this week, figures reveal.

That makes it the most disruptive NHS strike yet this winter.

Tens of thousands of medics took part in the 72-hour strike, with more senior hospital colleagues asked to cover.

Junior doctors' representatives at the British Medical Association (BMA) have now accepted an offer to enter pay talks with the government.

The BMA said it would not announce new strike action while the negotiations were taking place.

While emergency care was provided by consultants during the strike, many planned, non-urgent treatments were rescheduled.

NHS England medical director Prof Sir Stephen Powis said: "Despite the huge efforts that NHS staff made to keep patients safe and minimise disruption, this strike was on an unprecedented scale and had a greater impact than all the other industrial action we have seen so far this winter combined.

"Over 175,000 appointments and procedures were rescheduled to protect emergency, critical and urgent care for patients, which will inevitably impact on efforts to tackle the Covid backlog."

Some of the delayed appointments and procedures will include hip and knee operations, as well routine checks for patients with conditions such as diabetes and even cancer.

The NHS has been trying to tackle a backlog made worse by Covid - there are still 7.2 million people on waiting lists for treatment in England.

Nurses, ambulance workers and physios have also staged strikes this winter, but have now paused action while they consider a pay offer from government.

The Department of Health and Social Care said it deeply regretted the cancellation of appointments but was "pleased" the BMA had agreed to enter talks, on the same terms as unions representing the other NHS workers.

It added the government was seeking a "fair settlement which recognises the crucial role of junior doctors and the wider economic pressures facing the UK".

The BMA said it sent a letter to Health Secretary Steve Barclay on Friday after the government's new pay offer to other NHS workers, proposing to meet next week.

In a Twitter post, the BMA said its aim was to achieve full pay restoration, adding it would enter the negotiations in "good faith".

The BMA is calling for a 35% pay rise for junior doctors, arguing this would reverse 15 years of cuts.

Junior doctors represent nearly half of the medical workforce in England and include those who have just graduated from university, through to some with 10 years of experience.

Two-thirds of junior doctors are members of the BMA.

The latest figures suggest at least 86,000 were involved in the industrial action this week.

Dr Vivek Trivedi and Dr Rob Laurenson, the co-chairs of the BMA junior doctors committee, said: "Every day junior doctors despair as they see operations cancelled and treatment postponed for the millions on the waiting lists because our health services are in crisis.

"But rescheduling appointments as a result of the strike action could have been avoided if the health secretary had come to the table and negotiated an agreed settlement with us before any strike action was taken.

"The NHS had more than two months' notice that we would strike for 72 hours if the ballot was successful; the government has been in no doubt about our campaign for full pay restoration for over six months and this has been borne out by the number of junior doctors in England who have taken part in the industrial action."

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The grandmother-of-four has been living in a care home in Sweden for the last ten years

Sweden has "placed on hold" the deportation of a British grandmother with Alzheimer's, her family have told the BBC.

Kathleen Poole, 74, was told to leave the country after her application to remain post-Brexit was rejected.

Her family have been told that Swedish authorities will continue to plan for the deportation, but have paused any order to carry it out for now.

Mrs Poole's daughter-in-law said: "I just want an end to this situation".

The British embassy in Stockholm informed Mrs Poole's family on Wednesday that Swedish immigration authorities had received a request to stop the deportation at the end of March.

Her removal has been placed on hold until a new decision is made, it said.

"I actually don't believe it for five minutes, even though they've paused it," Angelica Poole told the BBC, calling for a permanent reversal of the decision.

She said the situation was taking a toll on the family and they fear the deportation order could be revived.

Grandmother-of-four Mrs Poole, who is from Macclesfield, Cheshire, applied for the right to remain in Sweden, where she moved almost two decades ago to be near her only son and his children.

But her application was turned down in September 2022, despite the fact she is bedbound, has spent the last 10 years in a care home and has no family she is in contact with in the UK.

The case has attracted significant media attention, and campaigners representing EU citizens living in the UK have expressed "grave concern".

MP Hilary Benn, former Brexit Select Committee chair, has urged the UK foreign secretary, James Cleverly, to intervene.

Kathleen Poole has lived in a care home for a decade

Her family say Mrs Poole's application was turned down because she does not have a valid UK passport, which they argue she has not required for some time as she is unable to travel because of her poor health.

They have been offered support to make a new application for a passport by the Foreign Office, Mrs Poole's family told the BBC, but fear power of attorney arrangements in the UK mean they will be unsuccessful.

"I don't know where to go from here," her daughter-in-law said.

"A lot of British people are actually being sent back to the UK, which is not ok but they're healthy.

"She can not do anything. She's bedridden. That's what makes me angry.

"They're moving a sick person and her health can deteriorate even more by moving her."

Her family said they have been left confused by the update and renewed their pleas for the situation to be resolved permanently.

On Tuesday, Sweden's Minister of Migration, Maria Malmer Stenergard, said in a statement: "Decisions related to residence applications are applied directly by the Swedish state agencies and courts in line with the EU-UK Withdrawal Agreement.

"As laid down in the constitution, the Swedish government is not permitted to interfere in or comment on individual decisions taken by these independent state bodies.

"With regard to the case in question, I have been informed that the Swedish Migration Agency is in contact with the family concerning additional information."

Scottish bakery Morton's Rolls is understood to have ceased trading after missing a deadline to file accounts.

In a letter to staff on Friday, the firm wrote that employees would be "laid off with immediate effect".

The Glasgow-based bakery, which employs about 250 people, said that "no final decision" had been taken on redundancies but all jobs were at risk.

Companies House states on its website that there is an "active proposal to strike off" the firm.

Morton's Rolls accounts for the year to 31 March 2022 were required to be filed by 31 December and are now overdue.

Last month, compulsory strike-off action was suspended on 9 February, two days after it was announced by Companies House.

But in the letter to staff on Friday, the firm wrote: "The company is ceasing to trade with immediate effect.

"The directors have taken steps to ensure that the business can continue in some form.

"But it is likely that this will be with a reduced workforce across the business."

Bill Kidd, SNP MSP for Glasgow Anniesland, told BBC Scotland he was "taken aback" by the letter and had arranged a meeting with the company's management.

He said: "There has been issues in the past but we've got good relations with Morton's Rolls, they are terrific company and are a very important employer in Drumchapel.

"Morton's Rolls is a famous name and we want to ensure that is maintained and even developed into the future

"Everything that can be done to save this business will be done."

Morton's Rolls was originally founded by Bob Morton and Jim Clarke in 1965 at their bakery near Drumchapel, in the west of Glasgow.

Over the years, Morton's expanded its product range to include cakes and savouries.

The company's flagship product is its traditional crispy roll.

For the year to the end of March 2021, the company reported a loss of £262,00 on turnover of more than £11.8m.

Morton's Rolls has been approached for comment.

Troubled online estate agent Purplebricks has agreed a deal to sell its business and assets to rival Strike, for the token sum of £1.

Purplebricks' aim was to create a lower-cost, more flexible estate agent by charging house sellers a flat rate.

But the UK firm, which was once valued at more than $1bn (£800m), put itself up for sale in February.

It said the deal will lead to job losses, and that its boss will step down after the sale.

The announcement sent its shares tumbling by around 40%.

Over the past 18 months there have been a number of management reshuffles at the company, a restructure, and one of its shareholders called for the removal of its chairman, Paul Pindar.

The company revealed in February that it expected to lose between £15-£20m this year.

It said last week that it was in exclusive talks with Strike.

The sale price of £1 is down to the company burning through cash, the BBC understands.

The firm is spending £3m per month on costs including staff, hosting and marketing.

Purplebricks has been making staff redundant over the past 12 months, and sales have taken a hit.

But out of more than 750 employees, the BBC understands the firm will try to keep many on.

Its chief executive Helena Marston is set to resign after the sale completes, and a number of directors will also step down.

Mr Pindar said: "I am disappointed with the financial value outcome, both as a 5% shareholder myself and for shareholders who have supported the company under my and the board's stewardship.

"However, there was no other proposal or offer which provided a better return for shareholders, with the same certainty of funding and speed of delivery necessary to provide the stability the company needs."

The firm said the deal would transfer its £33m liabilities to its new owner.

Purplebricks was founded in 2012 by brothers Michael and Kenny Bruce, who grew up on a council estate in Larne, County Antrim.

The company had early success, but it has seen its share price fall 98% over the past five years.

In 2017 its shares suffered after a BBC Watchdog investigation into allegations that it had made misleading claims to customers.

A year later, stockbrokers Jefferies said selling with Purplebricks was a "£1,000 coin toss".

Unlike traditional estate agents, its customers had to pay the fee regardless of whether the property sold, Jefferies said.

Strike is backed by the Carphone Warehouse and TalkTalk founder Sir Charles Dunstone - who is a partner at Strike's joint major shareholder Freston Ventures.

Sir Charles said the deal was "a positive outcome for anyone looking to sell their home".
• None Struggling Purplebricks puts itself up for sale

Socialist leader Pedro Sánchez was an early voter in Madrid calling for a big mobilisation of voters

Spaniards are going to the polls in a general election that offers a choice of two starkly contrasting visions.

Socialist leader Pedro Sánchez voted in Madrid and called for a big turnout.

Prime Minister since 2018, he hopes the government's social reforms and its handling of a strongly performing economy will win over voters.

But his party has been lagging in polls behind the conservative People's Party (PP) led by Alberto Núñez Feijóo, who may end up needing far-right support.

This is the first Spanish general election of modern times held in the searing heat of mid-summer, when many Spaniards are on holiday.

Polling for Spain's 37 million voters will continue Sunday until 20:00 (18:00 GMT), although almost 2.5 million have already cast their ballots by post.

Mr Feijóo, 61, caused controversy during the campaign by appearing to cast doubt on the management of postal votes.

The conservative leader wants to roll back many of the Socialist reforms. If he turns to the Vox party to form a majority in Spain's 350-seat parliament, it would mean the first far-right involvement in government since the Franco dictatorship ended in 1975.

Conservative leader Alberto Núñez Feijóo (R) is eyeing victory but he is unlikely to win a majority in parliament

Vox leader Santiago Abascal is a Spanish nationalist whose popularity has been driven as much by a fierce opposition to Catalan separatism and feminism as by anti-immigration policies.

"This will be a victory of progress over backwardness, the future over the past, truth over lies," Mr Sánchez has said. "The right is focusing on telling lies, we are focusing on making a comeback."

Since 2020, Mr Sánchez, 51, has led the first coalition government of Spain's modern era together with Unidas Podemos, to his left.

His administration has navigated the pandemic, a volcanic eruption on the Canary island of La Palma and the impact of the war in Ukraine, while overseeing a steady drop in the jobless rate and one of the fastest-growing economies in Europe.

However, these issues have featured much less during the campaign than Mr Sánchez would have liked. Instead, he has faced fierce criticism of his government's reliance on the parliamentary support of Basque and Catalan separatists.

The right has cast Mr Sánchez as a cynical power-grabber, willing to engage with the enemies of Spain's constitutional democracy in order to remain in office.

Mr Feijóo has said that if elected he plans to reverse a series of reforms introduced by the left-wing government, including laws tackling the legacy of the Franco nationalist dictatorship and making gender transition easier. He also wants to review new euthanasia and abortion legislation.

He has appealed to Spaniards to give him enough votes to "end the impasses" in the country's politics. "A strong majority that doesn't need to rely on radicals is crucial in order for us to move forwards," he said.

He has come under pressure in the latter stages of the campaign over his friendship with a notorious Galician drug trafficker, Marcial Dorado, during the 1990s. Mr Feijóo has said he was unaware of Dorado's criminal activities at the time.

In regional and municipal elections in May, the PP gained ground as the Socialists and other parties on the left suffered losses.

However, a new left-wing platform, Sumar, has been formed for the general election, gathering 15 parties under the same banner, including Unidas Podemos. Led by charismatic labour minister Yolanda Díaz, Sumar is aiming to secure third place ahead of Vox, and thus give Mr Sánchez a chance of forming a new coalition government.

The PP and Vox have already formed dozens of coalitions and governing partnerships on a local level.

The parties on the left warn that victory on Sunday for Mr Feijóo would open the door to the far right entering the national government, bringing with it a rolling back of rights for immigrants, women and the LGBTQ+ community.

Two poultry workers in England have tested positive for bird flu, although there are no signs of human-to-human transmission, the UK Health and Security Agency (UKHSA) has said.

Both people were known to have recently worked on an infected poultry farm and have since tested negative.

Neither worker experienced symptoms of avian influenza, with both cases found during screening.

The risk to the general population remains very low, the UKHSA added.

The UKHSA is running a programme of testing workers who have come into contact with infected birds, but is also running asymptomatic testing.

The first person who tested positive is thought to have inhaled the virus.

The second person is thought to be a more complicated case and it is unclear whether they have suffered a genuine infection or whether they too inhaled the virus while at work.

The UKHSA says precautionary contact tracing has been undertaken for this second individual.

Chief Medical Advisor at the UKHSA Professor Susan Hopkins said that globally there is "no evidence of spread of this strain from person to person, but we know that viruses evolve all the time and we remain vigilant for any evidence of changing risk to the population."

"It remains critical that people avoid touching sick or dead birds, and that they follow the DEFRA advice about reporting," she added.

Professor James Wood, head of veterinary medicine at the University of Cambridge, said the finding should lead to "greater attention" on asymptomatic infection and sampling.

He said it was important to sequence the virus in the two workers and infected birds in order to see if there were any mutations of concern, adding that resampling the workers could indicate whether they had developed an immune response.

There are various different types of avian flu that have circulated in the past - the latest one infecting birds is H5.

Although none of these strains easily infect people, and they are not usually spread from person to person, small numbers of people have been infected around the world, leading to a small number of deaths.

There have been very few cases of bird flu transmission to people recorded in the UK. The virus is not that well suited to humans and does not spread as easily as it does between birds.

It usually requires very close contact with an infected bird, which is why experts say the risk to humans is currently considered very low.

These latest cases do not change that assessment. There is no suggestion that the virus has changed to become more infectious to us or spread from person to person.

A "mandatory housing order" for England and Wales was lifted on 18 April, meaning poultry and captive birds could be kept outside again.

The measures were introduced during the world's biggest ever bird flu outbreak.

Government guidance on the signs of bird flu and how to report it can be found here.

The British have a love-hate relationship with the NHS.

According to researchers at the King's Fund, the public gave the NHS its worst rating since records began 40 years ago. Just 29% said they were satisfied with the NHS in 2022.

And yet we still love it. A whopping 90% of the public agrees the service should be free and available to everyone.

But with more than seven million people on waiting lists, almost everyone knows someone who isn't getting the care they need.

As the NHS approaches its 75th anniversary, politicians are falling over themselves to praise the service.

But when the cameras aren't rolling, the message you hear can be a very different one. Just like us, politicians have a love-hate relationship with the NHS.

"The whole system is paralysed and not improving - all the progress is going backwards." That's not the kind of thing you're likely to hear a minister say in public but it is the candid verdict of a former health minister talking privately.

They say the NHS chief executive has become the "rationer-in-chief" tasked with "spreading the jam more and more thinly" as the demand for care races ahead of what's available.

Another Conservative former minister tells me the "National Health Service is an oxymoron", a contradiction, because "the leadership is incredibly patchy and outcomes are mixed".

For Labour, a source says there is increasing "anxiety and jeopardy" about the future of the service and "it really is a case of change or die".

You'd be hard pressed to find a politician who would admit that services are being rationed but in off-the-record conversations that word comes up again and again.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Are you in a parallel universe on economy and NHS? - PM asked

One of the former ministers says "people have to understand that there is rationing according to wait" - saying that is the "trade-off" with the traditional model.

A former government adviser says "people know there is rationing - the service is pretty good when you get it - but you might not".

You won't find health rationing on any political leaflet or Facebook ad.

But the public's attachment to the concept of the NHS remains extremely strong. Before and after the pandemic voters are in no mood for a discussion about changing its core principles - despite all the problems.

The former government health adviser tells me that any serious conversation about fundamental change is nigh on impossible.

"Any sophisticated Tory politician knows they'd sign their own death warrant" if they raised the prospect of a wholesale change, they say.

Remember Prime Minister Rishi Sunak's proposal to fine patients if they missed a GP appointment? It was ditched almost as soon as it was suggested.

Another former official describes the public's strong emotional connection to the idea of the institution itself, saying: "It's like your family. I'll moan and moan and moan about it, but if someone else from outside has a go at them, I'll have them on toast. It's like criticising your football team - they can naff off!"

Plenty of politicians talk about reforms to the service - whether that is working with the private sector or this week's workforce plan. But whether it is required or not, it is almost unthinkable now that any mainstream politician would argue for a sweeping change to the whole system.

Of course, that has an impact on what governments choose to do to try and improve the service, which might not be the most effective long-term focus.

One former official suggests: "Politicians want solutions with easy metrics like cutting waiting lists.

"If you do cut them in the short term, that just means more operations, it doesn't address stopping people being ill in the first place."

A former minister says rather than go for bold reforms after the pandemic "we have gone straight back to the voodoo land of heroic pointless commitments that will never get met because as a country we are so ill".

Another suggests ministers are actually scared of telling the public hard truths about increasing cost pressures in the health service. "The public has unrealistic expectations of what we can deliver - the government is frightened of that," they say.

And as we've talked about many times here and on the show, unless and until governments confront the aching gaps in care for the elderly and vulnerable, the rest of the health service has to absorb the costly consequences of social care system that to a large extent just doesn't work.

One of the former ministers I've spoken to is intensely frustrated that it is so hard to have a full conversation about the NHS, saying that "it's a political problem, not a resources problem. Our politicians just aren't finding the space" to talk about really bold changes.

One former adviser agrees, saying "everyone of all stripes is scared to take it on".

Yet the fact politicians find it almost impossible to talk about alternatives is also a tribute to the longevity of the NHS and the public's belief in it.

The former adviser suggests that while people have to wait and outcomes vary "as a system it is extraordinarily fair and that has to be worth something".

Love it and hate it. It is most certainly here to stay.

Andrew "Freddie" Flintoff was injured in December at Top Gear's test track in Surrey

The BBC says it has halted the latest series of Top Gear after presenter Andrew "Freddie" Flintoff was hurt in an accident while filming.

The presenter was injured in December at Top Gear's test track at Dunsfold Park Aerodrome in Surrey.

The BBC said: "Under the circumstances, we feel it would be inappropriate to resume making series 34."

The broadcaster said a decision on how best to continue would be made later this year.

Following the accident on 13 December, the former England cricketer received medical care at the scene before being taken to hospital for further treatment.

In a statement, the BBC said: "We have sincerely apologised to Freddie and will continue to support him with his recovery.

"We understand this [halting the show] will be disappointing for fans, but it is the right thing to do, and we'll make a judgement about how best to continue later this year."

The decision has also impacted the production team, said the BBC, adding that there would be a health and safety review of the show, undertaken by an independent third party.

BBC Studios, which produces the show, also conducted its own investigation of the accident.

A spokesperson for the Health and Safety Executive (HSE) - the national regulator for workplace safety in England, Wales and Scotland - said: "We've completed our enquires into this incident and will not be investigating further."

It is understood the circumstances of the incident did not meet the threshold for further investigation. The regulator can launch criminal prosecutions against employers where staff have suffered serious injury or died at work.

Philippa Childs, head of Bectu, the union for workers in the creative industries, told the BBC: "Crew wellbeing on set is paramount, and it's critical productions have stringent policies and procedures in place to protect freelancers' physical and mental health.

"Productions must ensure they are meeting the highest safety standards and, where incidents occur, must ensure lessons are learnt and appropriate support is provided for the workforce."

Former presenter Matt LeBlanc drove past a bride and groom at St Paul's Cathedral in 2016

Top Gear, one of the broadcaster's most successful and exported programmes, has had a series of different presenters since 2002.

December's accident was not the first Flintoff has suffered since he first began presenting the show.

The father-of-four crashed into a market stall in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire in February 2019.

In September of the same year, he also crashed during a drag race while he was filming at Elvington Airfield in Yorkshire, but walked away unharmed.

In June 2022, Flintoff was racing in a bobsleigh at a course in Norway when it flipped over, but he again came out of the crash unscathed.

Paddy McGuinness, Chris Harris and Freddie Flintoff were announced as Top Gear's latest hosts in 2018

Flintoff's impact on Top Gear should not be underestimated - he played a key role in rescuing the show after the tricky era that followed the departure of Clarkson, Hammond and May.

The show faltered under Chris Evans and Matt LeBlanc, who took over presenting duties in 2016. They struggled to recapture the chemistry of the hugely popular previous hosts.

But when Flintoff, McGuinness and Harris took the reins, there was palpable relief among BBC bosses when it became clear the unlikely trio of a cricketer, car expert and comic and gameshow host had great on-screen chemistry.

That relationship between the lead presenters is crucial to the show's appeal. The slightly juvenile pranks and jokes are what elevates Top Gear from being a car review show for petrol-heads to a winning entertainment format which appeals to a mainstream audience.

Its success over the years has made the programme a cash cow for the BBC. The corporation profits significantly from the series being sold to other countries. It is a strong brand, with its own magazine and merchandise.

The show's immediate future may be in doubt for now, but Flintoff's health and wellbeing must remain the top priority for the corporation. As a source close to Flintoff told the Times: "Freddie has been seriously emotionally and physically affected by the crash."

Flintoff retired from cricket in 2009 having played 79 Tests, 141 one-day internationals and seven T20s for England.

He played a key role in England's Ashes successes of 2005 and 2009.

After retiring from cricket in 2010 - he had one professional bout as a boxer, won the Australian version of I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! and also took to acting.

He joined Top Gear as a host in 2019 and has co-starred in the show with Paddy McGuinness and Chris Harris. Their most recent series attracted an average consolidated audience of 4.5 million viewers.

Racing driver Perry McCarthy, who previously portrayed the Stig on Top Gear, told The World At One on BBC Radio 4: "One thing about life in a car, whether it be on the road or on a track, is that when something goes wrong, it goes wrong really quickly.

He added: "You've got this enthusiasm from presenters which is wonderful, that's great, that's what the show's about. But you've got to be careful. So you need people around that show who really understand what can go wrong."

Richard Hammond (left, with Jeremy Clarkson and James May) was injured in 2006

One of Top Gear's previous presenters, Richard Hammond, was also injured while filming for the series in 2006.

Hammond crashed a car while travelling at nearly 300mph at the former RAF Elvington airbase near York, leaving him in a coma with a frontal lobe brain injury.

He survived and ultimately returned to the series alongside fellow hosts Jeremy Clarkson and James May.

The trio left Top Gear in 2015 after an altercation between Clarkson and a producer.

Last month, Hammond said he worried the crash could be responsible for his worsening memory.

The BBC said Top Gear is:

Israeli's defence minister has been sacked after he spoke out against controversial plans to overhaul the justice system.

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu summoned Yoav Gallant to a meeting and told him he no longer had faith in him as defence minister.

The plan to limit the powers of the judiciary led to months of protests.

Tens of thousands of protestors returned to the streets on Sunday night following Mr Gallant's dismissal.

In Jerusalem, police and soldiers used water cannon against demonstrators near Mr Netanyahu's house.

The leaders of the protest accuse Mr Netanyahu of behaving like a dictator and destroying the security of Israel.

The new law makes it harder for courts to remove a leader deemed unfit for office, which has angered many who consider it in the interests of the incumbent, Benjamin Netanyahu, who is on trial for corruption.

The leader of the opposition, Yair Lapid, described Mr Gallant's sacking as a new low for the government, while Mr Gallant himself has described the planned legislation as an "immediate and tangible danger" to state security.

In a brief televised statement on Saturday night, Mr Gallant said members of the Israeli Defence Forces were angry and disappointed, with an intensity he had never seen before.

Shortly after his dismissal a day later, Mr Gallant wrote on Twitter: "The state of Israel's security has always been and will always be my life's mission."

The defence minister had won the backing of some fellow members of Mr Netanyahu's Likud party, but others on the far right had called for him to go.

The law is part of the right-wing coalition government's contentious plan to limit the powers of the judiciary.

The reforms include plans that would give the government full control over the committee which appoints judges, which he has said will pass in the Knesset next week.

Far-right national security minister Itamar Ben-Gvir supported Mr Netanyahu's move, saying,"The prime minister decided on the necessary step and I congratulate him for that."

It includes enabling parliament to overrule decisions made by the Supreme Court - a move that critics say will undermine the independence of the judiciary and could be used for political ends.

But Mr Netanyahu says the reforms are designed to stop the courts overreaching their powers and that they were voted for by the public at the last election.

Israel's opposition leader Yair Lapid described Mr Gallant's sacking as "a new low" for the government.

"Netanyahu can fire Gallant, but he can't fire reality or fire the people of Israel who are fronting up to resist the coalition's madness," Mr Lapid added.

Former defence minister Benny Gantz praised Mr Gallant, who he said had put the security of the country above all interests.

Fatoumatta Hydara died two days after her daughters Naeemah Drammeh and Fatimah Drammeh

A man who murdered a mother and her two daughters by setting fire to their flat has been jailed for life.

Fatoumatta Hydara, 28, died along with Fatimah and Naeemah Drammeh, aged three and one, after their home in Clifton, Nottingham, was set alight in November.

Their neighbour Jamie Barrow was convicted of three counts of murder for deliberately starting the fire.

Barrow, 31, was ordered to serve a minimum jail term of 44 years at Nottingham Crown Court on Friday.

The court heard Barrow took fuel from his motorbike, poured it through the letterbox of the family's Fairisle Close flat and set it alight in the early hours of 20 November.

He had admitted the manslaughter of the mother and her children but denied murdering them claiming he thought the flat was empty when he started the fire.

Mrs Hydara and her children died from smoke inhalation.

Sentencing, Justice Amanda Tipples said Barrow started a fireball that would have filled the flat with thick, toxic smoke within moments.

She said she was sure Barrow knew the family were inside and had heard Mrs Hydara's screams but did nothing to help.

The judge said Barrow had watched the fire take hold for five minutes before leaving the area with his dog as other neighbours rushed to try to help.

He later returned and pretended to know nothing about the fire, only later admitting to police that he started it.

Mrs Justice Tipples said: "It is only you who knows why you did this. The reasons are impossible to understand from your evidence."

She said Barrow was in "a dark place" when he started the fire, having earlier consumed 10 or 11 cans of lager.

Barrow had claimed he did not realise anyone was inside the flat

Barrow was ordered to serve at least 44 years for each charge of murder.

He was also given 10 years having been convicted of arson that recklessly endangered the lives of other residents in the block of flats.

All the terms will be served concurrently.

Earlier Mrs Hydara's husband Aboubacarr Drammeh had faced Barrow in court and called him "a coward who knew exactly what he was doing and exactly when to do it".

Mr Drammeh had been working in the US and had been planning to bring his wife and daughters to live with him when Barrow murdered them.

He was due to return to the UK a week after the blaze so the family could attend an interview for their visa application at the US Embassy in London, as part of their plans to emigrate.

Instead, he flew back to the UK and spent his 40th birthday identifying his children's bodies in a hospital mortuary.

Mr Drammeh was in the US when Barrow murdered his wife and daughters, aged three and one

He said: "Two little angels, their lifeless bodies laying next to each other. I held their cold hands. I wished I could switch with them.

"Only Allah knows why. I have to accept and prepare for the next chapter of my life. All I can say is I am sorry.

"I was not there, I should have been.

"I had a responsibility as a father and a husband to protect, that was my basic responsibility. I make no excuses.

"Because of you, and only you, I failed in my only responsibility as a father."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Addressing Barrow, Mr Drammeh said he still did not know why the defendant had started the fatal fire that took the lives of his wife and children.

He added: "I am angry, I am sad, I am hurt, I am heartbroken. At the same time, I am grateful for them being a part of me. I am grateful for Fatoumatta and the kids, as they made me a better person."

"I have no hatred to anybody in the world, including you."

"You, Jamie Edwin Barrow, acted like the judge and jury on that night, and sentenced me to this.

"The only comfort I have is that you, as a person, cannot do this to anyone else in this world."

During the trial, Barrow's lawyers said his actions were not pre-meditated and that he was sorry for what he had done.

However, Mrs Justice Tipples told him: "I do not accept you have shown any genuine remorse for what you have done. You have sought to minimise responsibility for what you have done."

The judge went on to praise the bravery of nearby residents who tried to help the family immediately after the fire and the police, paramedics and firefighters who were on the scene within minutes.

After the hearing, Det Ch Insp Clare Dean, from Nottinghamshire Police, said: "The sudden loss of Fatoumatta, Fatimah and Naeemah shattered a kind, gentle and compassionate family - and the senseless nature of their deaths has been incredibly hard for them to take.

"Barrow wasn't brave enough to admit these murders, but I hope he does one day find the courage to explain why he committed such an atrocious crime.

"Whatever the reason, he is a very dangerous man. He isn't safe to be in society which is why we welcome today's sentencing.

"While it doesn't bring back Fatoumatta, Fatimah and Naeemah, we hope it offers a degree of comfort to the family that the man responsible is behind bars where he can't hurt anyone else."

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, on Twitter, or on Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Prince William met Alford Dalrymple Gardner, one of the few living passengers to have travelled on the Windrush

The Windrush generation have made the UK "a better people today", the Prince of Wales has said on a day of celebrations marking 75 years since the historic crossing from the Caribbean.

Prince William said the voyagers and their descendants had helped rebuild the country and added to its culture.

The King was also at a Windsor Castle service, and a procession was held in south London.

Campaigners welcomed the commemorations but called them "bittersweet".

Almost 500 people stepped off the HMT Empire Windrush at Tilbury Docks in Essex on 22 June, 1948, among the first of thousands encouraged to migrate and help fill labour shortages in the armed forces, industry and NHS.

In 2018, it emerged that many British citizens who arrived as migrants from the Caribbean between the late 1940s and 1970s were facing deportation and detention - despite having the right to live in the UK.

Paying tribute in a video posted on social media, Prince William said: "Today we celebrate the Windrush generation, their descendants and everything they have given to us all."

The prince said those voyagers had helped to rebuild the country and had added to its culture - "their contributions to Britain cannot be overstated".

He added: "We are a better people today because the children and the grandchildren of those who came in 1948 have stayed and become part of who we are in 2023. And for that we are forever grateful."

Prince William's tribute came after he met Royal Air Force veteran Alford Dalrymple Gardner, who is one of the few living passengers to have travelled on the Windrush.

Speaking to BBC Radio 4's Today programme, Jamaican-born Mr Gardner said quite a lot had happened in the past few months: "I've met the King and I've met the Queen, and I've met the Prince of Wales.

"There's a portrait of me to be hung at Buckingham Palace so in a couple of thousand years when I'm dead and gone, my great great great ones will see my name... nothing can beat that."

The portrait of Alford Gardner was painted by artist Chloe Cox after King Charles commissioned a series of paintings to mark the Windrush crossing

Professor Sir Geoff Palmer is among those to feature in the King's Windrush: Portraits of a Pioneering Generation collection

Guests were invited to view the specially commissioned portraits at Buckingham Palace last week

The portrait is one of ten paintings of members of the Windrush generation by black artists, commissioned by the King. The artwork is on public display for the first time at the Palace of Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh, and later in October at the National Portrait Gallery in London.

Writing in a book accompanying the artworks, the King said: "Though drawn from different parts of the world, they collectively enrich the fabric of our national life and the remarkable tapestry of the Commonwealth."

He said it was "crucially important that we should truly see and hear these pioneers... and those who followed over the decades to recognise and celebrate the immeasurable difference that they, their children and their grandchildren have made to this country".

On Thursday morning, the King was joined by young people and dignitaries at St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle for a service celebrating the Windrush generation.

The King met a familiar face during the service - former broadcaster Baroness Benjamin carried his sceptre at the Coronation in May

Jermaine Jackman, the former winner of The Voice who was one of the campaigners who called for Windrush 75 to be a "major national moment", sang during the service

Throughout the day the Windrush flag was flown at the Houses of Parliament and public buildings across the country, including Bristol and Exeter.

In south London, there was a party atmosphere as people processed in carnival outfits from Herne Hill to Windrush Square, Brixton, where many of the Caribbean community settled.

In Essex, there was dancing as a Thames Clipper boat arrived at the Port of Tilbury with 100 NHS workers and 100 people with Windrush connections. A blue plaque commemorating the 75th anniversary of the first arrivals was also unveiled.

Meanwhile, a £1m fundraising effort is under way to recover the anchor from the HMT Empire Windrush and put it on public display. The ship sank off the coast of Algeria in 1954.

The Windrush flag was flown at Parliament, as well other public buildings across the country

People danced as part of a re-enactment at the Port of Tilbury where HMT Empire Windrush docked

A woman dresses at the Brixton procession in a nod to the fashion of the female Windrush arrivals

In 2018, it came to light that some members of the Windrush generation and their descendants were facing deportation and being denied access to public services because their right to live here had not been properly recorded by the government decades before.

The then-home secretary, Amber Rudd, apologised after a scathing report published in 2020 found it had been "foreseeable and avoidable" and that victims were let down by "systemic operational failings".

As of last month, £75m in compensation had been offered to those impacted, with £62.7m of that paid out, analysis by the PA News agency showed.

But the Home Office has continued to face criticism over the handling of compensation applications.

Amelia Gentleman, a journalist for the Guardian who exposed the scandal, told Radio 4's Today programme: "The anniversary remains soured by the ongoing failings of the Home Office."

She added the 44-page form involved in claiming compensation was too complicated.

Patrick Vernon, convenor of the Windrush 75 network, said the events were a chance to "celebrate the diversity of modern Britain" and to "acknowledge the legacy of those first Windrush pioneers, the challenges they overcame and the contribution they made to Britain".

But he said it was a "bittersweet moment, tainted by the injustice of the Windrush scandal".

Home Secretary Suella Braverman has resisted calls for the programme to be moved out of Home Office control and the department has insisted it is "absolutely committed to righting the wrongs of the Windrush scandal".

Meanwhile, the BBC has uncovered evidence that hundreds of long-term sick and mentally ill people were sent back to the Caribbean after arriving in Britain.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Jamie Oliver on having dyslexia: "The kitchen genuinely did save me"

Jamie Oliver said he recorded his first books on a Dictaphone instead of writing them down because of his struggles with dyslexia.

The chef and author told BBC Breakfast he "always had a chip on my shoulder" after experiencing difficulties with reading and writing at school.

He has now published his first children's book for struggling readers.

In a sometimes tearful interview, he said it was his most important book "emotionally".

"It just feels like I've fully got out of the baggage of how kids feel when they're not made to feel like they can learn properly at school," he told the programme.

Oliver developed children's book Billy and the Giant Adventure by writing in 10-minute chunks over lockdown.

As the chef struggles with his focus due to ADHD and dyslexia, he said he developed his own formula to write it.

"It was that weird time in lockdown, and I started thinking, as a growing adult, how do I develop myself?" he said.

"I sat down for 10 minutes a day - which is as long as I can focus - and wrote it. Over the course of four years, I built 14 chapters and sent it to a publisher."

The chef said the idea came from the bedtime stories he would make up for his children.

"It's tricky because quite early they get better than you. So they go 'Dad, don't read a story, do it from your head'," he said.

"I recorded the stories because I kept forgetting what I did the night before because I was dreaming of gin and tonic," he joked.

Oliver said he has worked to make the book as accessible as possible, inspiring younger readers who may be put off reading because of their learning difficulties.

The book, published on Thursday, is printed in a dyslexia-friendly font, and will be released as an audiobook.

According to the British Dyslexia Association (BDA), sans serif fonts such as Arial and Comic Sans can appear less crowded for those with dyslexia.

Oliver is one of over six million people in the UK who have dyslexia, with one in ten thought to have the condition. The BDA says many don't know they're living with it.

Dyslexia affects people in different ways, including someone's coordination, organisation and memory.

Oliver said he was one of "many kids left by the wayside" at school because of his neurodiversity.

While he was not diagnosed with dyslexia and ADHD at school, the chef was labelled as having special needs and was taught separately.

"I've always had a chip on my shoulder about it," he told the programme, emphasising why his latest book was so important to him: "For me, this was finally brushing the last chips off my shoulder."

The Dyslexia Association provides a wide range of services to directly assist and improve the lives of dyslexics of all ages. Visit their website here.

This was a presidential visit which required delicate diplomacy.

US President Joe Biden's task was to sum up the achievements of the 25 years since the Good Friday peace deal against a backdrop of all-too-frequent political instability in Belfast.

He said the return of the power-sharing devolved government at Stormont was "critical" for Northern Ireland.

But he followed that up by adding: "That's a decision for you to make, not for me to make."

The remark was simultaneously challenging and sensitive.

The White House will have been aware that a tone which could have been interpreted as overbearing would have fuelled unionist hostility towards a president who they have often criticised in the past.

But Mr Biden's visit seems to have gone down reasonably well with the leader of unionism.

Sir Jeffrey Donaldson says the president made it clear that he had no come to Belfast to interfere

Sir Jeffrey Donaldson of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) said the president had made clear he hadn't come to "interfere" and that Mr Biden had "recognised the need to bring balance to what he had to say".

The DUP is vetoing the formation of a governing coalition at Stormont - the home of the Northern Ireland Assembly - in protest against Brexit trade barriers with the rest of the UK.

Mr Biden speaks often of his Irish roots but in Belfast he talked about his English ancestry.

He also mentioned the contribution made to the founding of the US by immigrants from an Ulster Scots background - the community which is associated with modern-day unionism.

That was surely an attempt to appeal to those in Northern Ireland who have been suspicious that US involvement in the peace process has been tinged with an Irish nationalist agenda.

Actor James Martin got the biggest round of applause during Biden's speech

The president's overriding message was that the US remained committed to Northern Ireland and was ready to invest.

Mr Biden even suggested Northern Ireland's economic output could triple "if things continue to move in the right direction".

The incentive was obvious - more stability would bring in more dollars.

The industries he mentioned are already bright spots in the Northern Ireland economy - cybersecurity, life sciences, green energy.

And the biggest round of applause during the speech came when the president pointed out Northern Ireland actor James Martin, who was recently on stage at the Academy Awards when the short film he starred in won an Oscar.

It was a way of highlighting Northern Ireland's global reputation as a hub for TV and film production.

The projects which have been based here have included Game of Thrones - one of the biggest TV series of recent years.

Mr Biden seemed to suggest that the creative industries could be substantially expanded - he described Northern Ireland as a "churn of creativity".

While the president has now moved across the Irish border, his economic envoy Joe Kennedy is staying on in Northern Ireland for a few days.

He will lead a trade delegation from the US later this year.

No-one can be sure if the devolved government will be in place when the corporate executives make their transatlantic journey.

The DUP has said it won't be swayed by any particular US input in deciding whether and when to allow power-sharing at Stormont to return.

The party is continuing to examine the new deal between the EU and the UK - the Windsor Framework - to assess whether it removes unionist concerns about Brexit trade barriers between Northern Ireland and Great Britain.

There was no expectation that President Biden's arrival would herald a sudden breakthrough.

Michelle O'Neill says Joe Biden's message was one of "hope and opportunity"

The most fulsome praise for him came from non-unionist parties.

The Sinn Féin vice-president Michelle O'Neill, who is in line to be first minister if the devolved government is restored, said Mr Biden's visit was a "special moment".

It is likely that the president's schedule in Northern Ireland would have been more extensive if the political circumstances had been more favourable.

For example he did not accept an invitation to address the Stormont assembly, which was established by the Good Friday Agreement.

However the prevailing view among those who witnessed his speech is that Mr Biden handled the sensitivities with skill and gave Northern Ireland a worthwhile moment in the worldwide spotlight.

Ms Frendo said Saul "always had the biggest infectious smile and was full of love"

A teenager who died when his e-bike collided with an ambulance after he was followed by police was "the most sweetest, kindest boy ever", his mother has said.

Saul Cookson, 15, was being followed by Greater Manchester Police (GMP) traffic officers in Salford on Thursday until bollards blocked their vehicle's path.

His e-bike then collided with the North West Ambulance Service (NWAS) vehicle.

Emma Frendo said her son had been "loved by all that met him".

"He was the sweetest, most kindest boy ever, and always had the biggest infectious smile and was full of love," she said.

"Saul was a much-loved son, brother, grandson, and nephew, loved by all that met him."

The Independent Office for Police Conduct has begun an investigation into Thursday's collision

The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) said an investigation into the collision.

It said Saul had been riding a black off-road Sur-Ron e-bike and was followed by officers along Fitzwarren Street and on to Lower Seedley Road at about 14:00 BST before the crash on Langworthy Road.

While not on an active call at the time of the crash, NWAS said its vehicle was being driven back to a nearby ambulance station.

Its crew were immediately able to treat the boy before taking him to hospital, where he later died.

Police and independent investigators have been examining the scene of the crash

Writing on Facebook, Taylor-Jade Cookson paid tribute to her brother and said "words cannot describe my feelings at the moment".

"Rest in peace Saul I love you," she added.

Dozens of people have been leaving flowers and cards at the scene.

Two sapphire blue, heart-shaped balloons have been tied at the foot of a lamppost, along with flowers, candles, cards and a large white banner full of handwritten messages.

Another, circled with red hearts, simply reads "Gone but not forgotten".

One of Saul's relatives who attended the scene to lay flowers said the family was "a mess" following their loss.

Saul's friend, 21-year-old Mitchell Murden, said he had been due to meet him on the day he died.

He described Saul as "a good lad" who "kept himself to himself".

Family friend Jacob Bailey said "no-one had a bad word to say" about Saul

Family friend Jacob Bailey, 19, told BBC Newsbeat he came to lay some flowers and pay his respects as he had "known Saul since I was about five".

"He was just one of those proper nice kids," he said.

"He never ever caused anyone any harm.

"No-one had a bad word to say about Saul."

Neighbour Karen Cosgrove said she had passed the scene at about 14:30 BST on Thursday and saw Saul lying on the ground.

"I walked away, I could barely look at it," she said.

"His mum was there, she was screaming.

Heartfelt messages have been left at the crash scene

Some concerns have been expressed by local people about the availability and use of high-powered e-bikes.

Mr Murden said "the majority" of young people in the area had them.

Mike McCusker, lead member for transport at Salford City Council, said there was "growing concern" in the community about e-bikes, particularly "very young men riding round without helmets on".

"The ones we have on our loan schemes are limited to about 15mph, but there are unregulated ones that can go up to speeds of 60mph.

"We don't think regulation is keeping track with the technological advancements around e-bikes."

Flowers and candles have also been left at the scene

In a statement, GMP said: "Our thoughts are with the family and friends of the boy who tragically died."

The IOPC said it had begun gathering evidence, including dashcam footage from the police vehicle, and had taken initial statements from two police officers, who were being treated as witnesses.

A representative said there was "no indication at this early time... of direct physical contact between the police vehicle and the e-bike", but examinations of both were "continuing".

IOPC regional director Catherine Bates said it was "important we understand the events leading up to this incident and will be looking at the actions and decision-making of police prior to the collision, including the reason for the decision to follow the bike".

She asked anyone who witnessed or had dashcam footage of the collision or "events leading up to it" to get in touch.

Were you in the area? Did you witness the incident? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk
• None Teen on e-bike dies after being followed by police

Rescuers have been working through the night to search for survivors after a train crash near the city of Larissa, in northern Greece.

Dozens of people are known to have died, with many more injured after two trains collided.

More on this story: Survivors describe 'nightmarish seconds' as trains crashed

Beyoncé's highly anticipated new album has been released

Critics and fans have praised Beyoncé's new country-inspired album Cowboy Carter, which was released on Friday.

The US pop star's eighth studio album was given four out of five stars by Guardian critic Alexis Petridis, who said it shows she is "impressively capable of doing whatever she wants".

Page Six critic Nicholas Hautman called it "the revival that country music so desperately needed".

"She did not disappoint," raved one fan on X, formerly known as Twitter.

Another social media user said he thought Beyoncé's voice was "the best it's ever been in her career".

The album includes duets with Miley Cyrus and Post Malone, along with covers of Dolly Parton's Jolene and The Beatles' song Blackbird.

Many reviewers welcomed Beyoncé's ability to straddle the country-pop genre.

BBC News music correspondent Mark Savage said the album "proves her adaptability and mastery, regardless of genre".

He added: "That the genres overlap so seamlessly is evidence of Beyoncé's technical mastery, but also of her central thesis: that Nashville's marginalisation of outsiders, and black women in particular, weakens the music in the long run."

Petridis said the album demonstrated the singer's "ability to bend musical styles to her will".

But he noted the 27-track project "might have worked better split into two separate albums".

Will Hodgkinson of The Times also gave Cowboy Carter a four-star review, praising it as a "slick and starry Western epic" with a sense of "fun and adventure".

But he agreed it was too long, adding she "would have been better off leaving the remaining seven songs for another album".

Hautman hailed the new album as "instantly timeless" and "a soulful celebration of Southern values and the genre's African American roots".

The Rolling Stones' Larisha Paul said "every piece" of the album was "meticulously thought out", from the track list to the album art.

Many of the reviewers also picked up on Beyoncé's own warning, that "this ain't a country album, this is a Beyoncé album".

The singer is "doing country her way" said Elle's Erica Gonzales, noting how she weaves in hip hop and even sings Italian opera.

The new album was preceded by two hit singles - Texas Hold 'Em and 16 Carriages - which marked the start of the Texas-born singer's foray into country music.

Both singles became instant streaming hits, and Beyoncé became the first black woman to top Billboard's country music chart last month with Texas Hold 'Em. She also topped the UK singles charts for the first time in almost 14 years.

Beyoncé has said the album came from an experience where she "did not feel welcome", which motivated her to dig deeper into the history of country music.

American singer-songwriter Tanner Adell, who appears on the album, describes Cowboy Carter's release as a "very special moment" for black country artists like her.

"I'm not the only one," she told BBC Radio 5 Live. "There's lots of us in country music."

She added: "This is music that my ancestors played and instruments that my ancestors created."

Parachute Regiment flags were sold at a stall on the route of the Apprentice Boys parade last year

The sale of Parachute Regiment flags at next month's Apprentice Boys' parade in Londonderry has been banned.

It comes after a row erupted at the same event last year, when it emerged that the flags were being sold at a stall on the route of the parade.

A report before Derry and Strabane District Council on Wednesday noted "sensitivities" surrounding the flags.

Soldiers from the regiment shot dead 13 people in Derry on Bloody Sunday on 30 January 1972.

The motion before a council committee last week discussed new criteria for granting temporary licences for the Relief of Londonderry event.

It stated stallholders would not be granted a licence unless they agreed not to sell flags or emblems of the regiment.

It also said council officers would not grant a licence to anyone who intends to sell or display flags in support of paramilitary organisations.

It is illegal to sell flags in support of paramilitary organisations in Northern Ireland.

Last year, at least one stallholder sold flags in support of the Ulster Volunteer Force.

A number of flags were also seized by the Police Service of Northern Ireland in the Waterside area of the city.

The annual Apprentice Boys' parade is due to take place on 12 August.

A firefighter operates during a wildfire at Aghios Charalambos area in Loutraki

Large swathes of southern Europe continue to swelter in record heat as wildfires rage across the continent.

Temperatures hit a high of 46.3C in Sicily on Tuesday, and crews battled fires in Greece and the Swiss Alps.

Most of Italy's major cities are on red alert, meaning the extreme heat carries a health risk to everybody not just vulnerable groups.

Scientists say climate change is making heatwaves longer, more intense and more frequent.

Across the world, millions of people are being impacted by extreme weather; from soaring temperatures in the US and China, to heavy rainfall in East Asia.

The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) says heatwaves will become more severe in the years ahead, and that extreme weather patterns highlight the need for more climate action.

"These events will continue to grow in intensity and the world needs to prepare for more intense heatwaves," said John Nairn, senior extreme heat advisor at the UN agency.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Chris Fawkes tells us how high temperatures in the northern hemisphere are

Since Monday, Greece has seen multiple wildfires break out across the country - including one which led to the evacuation of 1,200 children from a summer camp.

The most severe fire in Greece currently is in the Dervenochoria region north of Athens, where billowing smoke can be seen on satellite images.

Other fires continue to rage in towns of Loutraki - a coastal town near the city of Corinth - and in Kouvaras, south of the capital.

The EU announced it will send amphibious aircraft to Greece which are designed for aerial firefighting

"Our main concern is protecting human life," fire service spokesman Yannis Artopios said.

Elsewhere in Europe, crews in Switzerland are battling a wildfire close to the village of Bitsch in canton Valais which authorities said started on Monday afternoon and spread "explosively" overnight.

Another wildfire on the Spanish island of La Palma, which started on Saturday, has destroyed 20 homes.

But, cooler overnight temperatures and higher air humidity levels helped firefighters gain the upper hand in their battle against the blaze and bring it under control.

Constancio Ballesteros, 51, visits his Castro y Magan winery devastated by the forest fire in La Palma

Red alerts, warning people of a very high health risk due to the intense heat, remain in place for most of Italy, Spain, Greece and parts of the Balkans.

Official maximum temperatures for Tuesday have not yet been confirmed, but provision results showed a high of 45.3C in Figueres in north-west Spain, 44.5C in Bauladu on the island of Sardinia, and 46.3C in Licata on Sicily.

The highest temperature ever recorded in Europe was set in August 2021 when the mercury hit 48.8C (119.8F) in the Palermo region of Sicily.

Twenty Italian cities have been issued with severe weather warnings as large parts of the country continues to swelter

Extreme temperatures have also gripped other parts of the globe including the US and China.

More than 80 million people in western and southern US states are under advisories for a "widespread and oppressive" heatwave.

Temperatures at California's Death Valley hit a near-record 52C (125.6F) Sunday, while on Monday Arizona's state capital Phoenix tied its record of 18 consecutive days above 43C (109.4F).

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

China provisionally broke its record for all-time highest temperature on Sunday when it recorded 52.2C (126F) in its western Xinjiang region, according to the UK Met Office.

Also in Asia, on China's eastern coast torrential rain brought on by Typhoon Talim has displaced thousands.

Talim is heading for Vietnam where 30,000 people in the storm's path have moved to safer ground.

It comes as South Korean President Yoon Suk Yeol vowed to "completely overhaul" the country's approach to extreme weather after dozens were killed in widespread flooding and landslides at the weekend.

Residents in Fuzhou, Fujian province in China, had to be evacuated following heavy rainfall brought on by Typhoon Talim

Leading UK scientist Dr Frederieke Otto, from Imperial College London, told the BBC that "what we are seeing at the moment is exactly what we expect in a world where we are still burning fossil fuels".

Humans are "100% behind" the upward trend in global temperatures, she explains.

The International Energy Agency has said there can be no new oil, gas or coal projects if governments are serious about tackling climate change.

Scientists say Europe in particular is warming faster than many climate models predicted.

"There is a feeling that it's going out of control," University of Reading Prof Hannah Cloke explains.

"We have a lot of work to do to pin down exactly what's happening. These heatwaves are frightening...We know this will be really deadly."

She said more than 61,000 people were estimated to have died from heat in Europe last year, and this year would be similar.

How have you been affected by the extreme heat? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

It’s worth remembering that the complainants in this case have a legal right to lifelong anonymity.

That's because they are alleged victims of a sexual offence, which means by law their names cannot be published.

We also need to ensure that the information we tell you does not lead to jigsaw identification.

That's when bits of information when pieced together can lead to someone being identified.

It means there may be some details we need to leave out from our reporting because of this.

More than 100 people were onboard a ferry as it caught fire off the coast of southern Thailand on Thursday morning.

The ferry, an overnight service from Surat Thani to popular tourist island Koh Tao, was about to arrive at its destination when the fire began.

Some passengers had to jump into the sea to escape the fire, according to AP news agency. Authorities confirmed that there were no injuries.

One of the passengers, Maitree Promjampa, told AP that he first heard a crackling sound, then smelled smoke. Less than five minutes later he saw flames, causing those on board to start shouting and ring the alarm.

The cause of the fire has not been revealed.

Katie had found the courage to give evidence against the running coach who abused her

Encouraging abuse victims to come forward without a specialist support system in place is "totally irresponsible", campaigners have said.

In an open letter, 150 signatories including Rape Crisis and Refuge, are calling for fully-funded support to be included in the upcoming Victims Bill.

It was written by a woman whose friend helped convict their abusive running coach but then took her own life.

The government says it is improving support for victims at every stage.

The letter's author Charlie Webster and her friend Katie belonged to the same running group in Sheffield as teenagers. But the best friends never shared with each other that that their coach Paul North had sexually abused them over many years.

In 2002, North was jailed for 10 years after Katie and another victim reported him to police. Then aged 18, she had found the strength to give evidence against him in court.

But once North was convicted, Katie's mother Sue said her daughter was abandoned by a criminal justice system that seemed more interested in the offender than the victim.

If you are affected by any of the issues in this story you can contact the BBC Action Line.

"In a way, she was sacrificed," she told the BBC. "She got let down by the police, by the running club, and she got left hung out to dry."

Katie was offered very little therapeutic support during the court process and nothing over the next 20 years.

"I can't see how she could have been expected to have got over that and just got on with life," Sue added.

While North served just half of his sentence, his victims were left to deal with their ongoing trauma. For Katie, this culminated with her taking her own life at her home in Australia in January this year aged 39. Her mum said she had never got over what had happened.

In her open letter, Charlie (pictured left) wrote that Katie (right) deserved better than how she was treated

The Victims and Prisoners Bill, which is aiming to offer improved, legally-defined support to crime victims in England and Wales, is to be debated by MPs in the Commons on Monday.

But campaigners are concerned that a key element is missing - guaranteed funding written into law to provide the specialist support services needed to help these victims recover from their trauma.

Ms Webster and charity Rape Crisis have sent the letter to the Justice Secretary Alex Chalk. Its signatories include other charities like Women's Aid, plus athletes Sebastian Coe and Paula Radcliffe.

In the open letter, Ms Webster shares Katie's story, explaining that her friend had done what society had asked of her.

"She spoke out, she stood tall despite victim blaming and because of her courage, others were saved," she writes. "Katie did her duty to society. But what about Katie? What did the system do to help her? She deserved better."

Ms Webster urges the justice secretary to ensure sufficient multi-year funding is allocated to ensure victims are given access to counselling and emotional support to help them rebuild their lives.

A young, talented athlete who was abused by her coach then betrayed by the system.

The letter says specialist support services are facing unprecedented demand, which it says, coupled with a chronic lack of underfunding, means survivors are waiting many months, even years, for support.

Rape Crisis England and Wales says it has 14,000 survivors on its waiting lists.

Ms Webster adds: "It is irresponsible and dangerous to raise awareness of victims' rights to then leave them unable to access any help or support due."

Speaking on Radio 4's Today programme, Ms Webster said going through the justice system at the moment "can be really traumatising" and there is a "disconnect" between victims, the justice system and the government.

Jayne Butler, CEO of Rape Crisis, said demand for the charity's services has increased by 38% in the past year, "clearly demonstrating the pressures on specialist services which have been unable to meet demand for a long time".

"I want to see a Victims Bill that gives victims and survivors what Katie and Charlie never had. If the government truly wishes to make a difference with this bill it must provide the funding needed to support it," she added.

In its report about the draft bill, the cross-party Justice Committee said a recurring theme in its inquiry was that victim support services already faced unmanageable referral levels and caseloads.

"We caution that the bill risks raising victims' awareness of their rights only to leave them unable to access them due to the relevant services already working at full capacity," it said.

Labour is calling for the government to make a number of changes to the planned law, including ensuring rape survivors get free legal advice to help reduce the number dropping out of court action.

It also wants the Victims' Commissioner to have more powers to hold the government to account, including by producing an annual report to Parliament, and for victims of anti-social behaviour to be covered by the Victims' Code.

The Ministry of Justice told us it commended the bravery of Katie's family and friends in sharing her story.

In a statement, a spokesman said: "Through our new Victims and Prisoners Bill we are improving support for victims at every stage, setting out a clear expectation of the support and information victims should receive from the police and courts.

"This is on top of our commitment to quadrupling funding for victim support services. Last year we awarded £4.5m to charities to fund vital support specifically for victims and survivors of child sexual abuse to help ensure victims of this horrific crime get the help they need."

Have you been affected by the issues raised in this story? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Gadi Moses, 79, was also abducted during the same attack on Nir Oz, according to relatives and the Israeli aid agency where he worked as an agricultural expert. Efrat Katz, his partner, was initially thought to have been captured as well, but she was later found dead, the Times of Israel reported. Efrat was the mother of Doron Asher, who was taken hostage and later released with her two daughters. Ravid Katz, 51, Doron Asher's brother, was originally thought to have been taken hostage from Nir Oz, but on 28 November his family confirmed that he had been killed on 7 October.

Kevin Spacey was in court in London to hear the verdict on Wednesday

Hollywood actor Kevin Spacey wept in court as he was cleared of all charges in his sexual assault trial in London.

Jurors at Southwark Crown Court returned not guilty verdicts for nine sexual offence charges relating to four men between 2001 and 2013.

Speaking afterwards, Mr Spacey said he was "grateful" to the jury as he thanked them for their deliberations - which took more than 12 hours.

Outside the court the Oscar winner added he was "humbled".

The US actor was acquitted of seven counts of sexual assault, one count of causing a person to engage in sexual activity without consent and one count of causing a person to engage in penetrative sexual activity without consent.

After the verdict was read, he put his hand on his chest, looked at the jurors and mouthed "thank you" twice before they left the room.

Addressing journalists on the court's steps Mr Spacey said there was "a lot for me to process".

"I would like to say that I am enormously grateful to the jury for having taken the time to examine all of the evidence and all of the facts carefully before they reached their decision," he said.

"I am humbled by the outcome today. I also want to thank the staff inside this courthouse, the security, and all of those who took care of us every single day."

Jurors rejected the prosecution's claims Mr Spacey had "aggressively" grabbed three men by the crotch and had performed a sex act on another man while he was asleep in his flat.

Prosecutors told the jury the star had left the four complainants feeling "small, diminished and worthless".

Mr Spacey, who turned 64 on Wednesday, denied all charges - saying the allegations against him were "weak", "madness" and a "stab in the back".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Spacey 'humbled' by outcome after being cleared of charges

Under questioning from Mr Spacey's lawyer, Patrick Gibbs KC, the complainants had all denied either seeking financial gain, attempting to further their career or giving false accounts to the jury.

By law all complainants are entitled to life-long anonymity.

The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) said prosecutors respected the jury's decision.

In a statement, a spokesman said: "The function of the CPS is not to decide whether a person is guilty of a criminal offence, but to make fair, independent and objective assessments about whether it is appropriate to present charges."

The trial lasted nearly four weeks and jurors heard from multiple witnesses - including Mr Spacey himself.

Defence witnesses included Sir Elton John, who appeared by video link from Monaco, as well as Sir Elton's husband, David Furnish.

The Hollywood star won best actor Oscar in 2000 for American Beauty, and best supporting actor in 1995 for The Usual Suspects.

He was also the artistic director at the Old Vic Theatre in London between 2004 and 2015.

Mr Spacey's career came to a halt in 2017 after a number of accusations of inappropriate behaviour were made against him.

At the time, he had the starring role of Frank Underwood in Netflix political drama House of Cards, which he lost.

He was charged with the offences against three men by the CPS in May 2022, with additional charges from a fourth complainant added in November 2022.

The BBC is objecting to a new label describing it as "government funded media" on its main Twitter account.

The corporation has contacted the social media giant over the designation on the @BBC account to resolve the issue "as soon as possible".

"The BBC is, and always has been, independent. We are funded by the British public through the licence fee," it said.

Elon Musk said he believed the BBC was one of the "least biased" outlets.

When BBC News highlighted to the Twitter boss that the corporation was licence fee-funded, Mr Musk responded in an email, asking: "Is the Twitter label accurate?"

He also appeared to suggest he was considering providing a label that would link to "exact funding sources".

It is not clear whether this would apply to other media outlets too.

In a separate email seeking to clarify his earlier comments, Mr Musk wrote: "We are aiming for maximum transparency and accuracy. Linking to ownership and source of funds probably makes sense. I do think media organizations should be self-aware and not falsely claim the complete absence of bias.

"All organizations have bias, some obviously much more than others. I should note that I follow BBC News on Twitter, because I think it is among the least biased."

The level of the £159 ($197) annual licence fee - which is required by law to watch live TV broadcasts or live streaming in the UK - is set by the government, but paid for by individual UK households.

While the @BBC account, which has 2.2m followers, has been given the label, much larger accounts associated with the BBC's news and sport output are not currently being described in the same way.

The account primarily shares updates about BBC-produced TV programmes, radio shows, podcasts and other non-news material.

The label links through to a page on Twitter's help website which says "state-affiliated media accounts" are defined as "outlets where the state exercises control over editorial content through financial resources, direct or indirect political pressures, and/or control over production and distribution".

As the UK's national broadcaster, the BBC operates through a Royal Charter agreed with the government.

The BBC Charter states the corporation "must be independent", particularly over "editorial and creative decisions, the times and manner in which its output and services are supplied, and in the management of its affairs".

Twitter's new labelling of the BBC's account comes after it did the same to US public broadcaster NPR's handle.

Initially the social media firm described NPR as "state-affiliated media" - a label given to outlets including Russia's RT and China's Xinhua News.

The designation was later changed to the same "government funded media" tag now applied to the @BBC account. NPR had said it would stop tweeting from the account unless it was amended.

The licence fee raised £3.8bn ($4.7bn) in 2022 for the BBC, accounting for about 71% of the BBC's total income of £5.3bn - with the rest coming from its commercial and other activities like grants, royalties and rental income.

The BBC also receives more than £90m per year from the government to support the BBC World Service, which predominantly serves non-UK audiences.

The national broadcaster's output is also paid for through the work of commercial subsidiaries like BBC Studios, as well as through advertising on services offered to audiences outside of the UK

By law, each household in the UK has to pay the licence fee (with some exemptions) if they:

Collection of the the licence fee and enforcement of non-payment is carried out by private companies contracted by the corporation, not the UK government.

TV licence evasion itself is not an imprisonable offence. However, non-payment of a fine, following a criminal conviction, could lead to a risk of imprisonment - "a last resort" after other methods of enforcement have failed.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

President Joe Biden's call for a ceasefire in Gaza is the lead in the Guardian and the Telegraph. The Guardian's headline describes it as America's "strongest rebuke" yet to Israel since the start of the conflict. The Daily Telegraph quotes a confidante of President Biden as saying that the US is "at that point" where it must consider putting conditions on arms sales to Israel.

The i reports that the prime minister is being urged to publish legal advice received by the government on arm sales. It says Rishi Sunak is preparing to suspend the sales to Israel if new guidance suggests the country has broken international law. The i also says that civil servants, who are overseeing the export of arms to Israel, are threatening legal action against the government over concerns they will be held "personally responsible" for any breach of the law. Israel strongly rejects the claim it is responsible for genocide in Gaza.

President Biden said ongoing US support for Israel was dependent on "specific, concrete steps"

Both the Times and the Daily Mail lead with stories about Conservative MP William Wragg, who has said to have admitted handing over colleagues' phone numbers to a man he met on a dating app. Speaking to the Times, Mr Wragg said he was scared that the man "had compromising things" on him and said he was "so sorry" his weakness had hurt other people. The paper says the incident has "heightened" concerns over the vulnerability of MPs to cyber-attacks.

The Daily Telegraph carries a warning from French President Emmanuel Macron that Russia will seek to disrupt the Paris Olympics this summer. It reports that Mr Macron told Nato foreign ministers about a "bizarre and threatening" phone call between Russia's defence minister and his French counterpart. Sergei Shoigu is said to have "suggested", without evidence, that France was involved in the recent attack on a Moscow concert hall. Asked whether he was concerned that Russia may target the Games this summer, Mr Macron reportedly replied: "I have no doubt."

William Wragg told the Times: "They had compromising things on me. They wouldn't leave me alone."

The Sun carries a photo of King Charles and Queen Camilla during their visit to Australia in 2018 on its front page. The paper reports that the couple are planning a two-week return visit in October, after what it calls a "positive" start to the King's treatment for cancer.

The Daily Express reports that every "loophole" is being closed to foil any attempt at blocking migrant flights to Rwanda. It says a source close to Home Secretary James Cleverly has confirmed there's been a real "step up" in preparations to deliver on the deportation scheme since Easter.

A couple who won £2.7m in the lottery in 1995 are featured in the Daily Mirror. Elaine and Derek Thompson, who are big horseracing fans, used their winnings to buy three racehorses and set themselves the challenge of visiting all 57 racecourses in the UK. The paper says that this week they passed the finishing post after making their final trip to Ludlow in Shropshire. "National Trottery" is the headline.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

Glastonbury will happen from 21 June to 26 June this year

Glastonbury festival has asked fans not to bring disposable vapes.

Its organisers have added the items to its official "do not bring" list - which also includes gazebos and knives.

The updated message says disposable vapes - which contain lithium batteries - "pollute the environment and can be hazardous at waste centres".

There's no suggestion the devices will be confiscated - but BBC Newsbeat has approached the festival for more information.

Glastonbury has also urged festivalgoers to "reduce, reuse and recycle" and avoid other single-use items like body glitter and body wipes.

It's banned the sale of plastic bottles on-site since 2019 - fans are encouraged to bring reusable bottles instead.

Vapes have become a common sight at festivals

Arctic Monkeys and Guns N' Roses will top the bill at this year's Glastonbury, which takes place from 21 June to 26 June.

Other acts on the line-up include Lizzo, Lana Del Rey, Lewis Capaldi, Lil Nas X and Flo.

When the line-up was announced, there was criticism on social media that all the main stage headliners were male - though there is almost a 50:50 split between male and female acts elsewhere.

"We try our best and we obviously aim for 50:50," Emily Eavis previously told the BBC. "Some years, it's more, some years, it's less.

"This year, we did have a female headliner, and she unfortunately had to pull out... It changes all the time.

"But next year it's looking like we've got two female headliners, so fingers crossed."

Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 weekdays - or listen back here.

Prosecutors say Mack helped recruit and groom women as sexual partners for the leader of the Nxivm group

US actor Allison Mack has been released from prison early after serving two years for her role in a sex-trafficking case tied to a cult-like group.

The 40-year-old pleaded guilty to racketeering and conspiracy charges in April 2019 related to her efforts to recruit women to the Nxivm sex cult.

Mack, best known for her role in the television series Smallville, was sentenced to three years in prison.

The Federal Bureau of Prisons confirmed she had been released on Monday.

Nxivm, pronounced "nexium", started in 1998 as a self-help programme. It claims to have worked with more than 16,000 people including the son of a former Mexican president and Hollywood actresses such as Mack.

Prosecutors say Mack helped recruit and groom women as sexual partners for the group's leader, Keith Raniere. Though Raniere, 62, was at the top of this structure and the only man, Mack served as one of his top female deputies.

Female recruits were allegedly branded with his initials and expected to have sex with him in exchange for becoming a part of the group, which was based in Albany, New York.

The news of Mack's release was initially reported by the New York newspaper Albany Times Union.

Mack, who was arrested in 2018, was facing as much as 17 years in prison but saw her sentence reduced after providing evidence to help prosecutors pursue their case against Raniere.

In 2020, he was sentenced to 120 years in prison for multiple crimes, including forcing women to be his sexual "slaves".

Before her sentencing, Mack apologised to those she said had been harmed by her actions, calling her involvement with the group "the biggest mistake and regret of my life".

"I am sorry to those of you that I brought into Nxivm," she said. "I am sorry I ever exposed you to the nefarious and emotionally abusive schemes of a twisted man."

The technology behind the world's most talked about artificial intelligence (AI) system, ChatGPT, is being added to its most ubiquitous work software, Microsoft 365.

Microsoft is calling the system Copilot and says it will be embedded into Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook.

Microsoft boss Satya Nadella said it would "fundamentally change the way we work."

However, the firm admitted Copilot would sometimes make mistakes.

Chat GPT has captured the world's attention with its ability to quickly provide human-like responses to questions, even very complicated or abstract ones.

However, those replies are sometimes inaccurate or provide completely invented information.

While the tech being deployed by Microsoft in Office365 is not simply ChatGPT itself, it is based on the same language-learning model.

The firm acknowledged that Copilot may also sometimes be "usefully wrong".

"We all want to focus on the 20% of our work that really matters, but 80% of our time is consumed with busy work that bogs us down. Copilot lightens the load," the tech giant said in a statement.

It has not yet revealed roll-out details.

On Tuesday, OpenAI launched GPT4, un updated version of the model which powers ChatGPT. Microsoft has invested billions of dollars in the firm.

OpenAI said GPT4 had "more advanced reasoning skills" than ChatGPT - but warned that it may still be prone to sharing disinformation.

ChatGPT is a big runner in the worldwide AI chatbot race.

Google - whose lucrative search business could be threatened by ChatGPT - has launched a rival called Bard.

Meta has its own chatbot, named Blenderbot, and in China, the tech giant Baidu has released a more advanced version of its chatbot Ernie, also known as Wenxin Yiyan.

Make no mistake, this is a significant milestone for generational AI and, more importantly, for the world of work.

Bringing the powers behind ChatGPT to the humble Word, Excel and PowerPoint programmes, quite possibly the most used work programmes in most offices, plonks it directly in the daily lives of millions of workers.

I know people have been using ChatGPT to help them do their jobs - to write computer code, speeches, website copy. Students are using it to help them with their homework.

But most of us have been having fun, getting it to write poems, songs, jokes. I asked an audience at a live event recently who had tried ChatGPT. Most hands shot up. But most went back down immediately when I asked who was using it professionally.

Putting Copilot into Office365 is a real game-changer. Imagine instead of summarising that long dull report for your client meeting, you just get a chatbot to do it for you in a few seconds. But why stop there - do you even need to be at the meeting at all? Just get Copilot to recap it for you and send you the notes of it afterwards.

Watching a demo of it creating a stylish PowerPoint presentation in moments was really quite heartwarming for anyone familiar with the phrase "death by PowerPoint".

Microsoft would argue that this frees up your time to do other jobs. But what if Copilot has one day beaten you to those things as well?

Last updated on .From the section Tennis

Coverage: Live across BBC TV, radio and online with extensive coverage on BBC iPlayer, Red Button, Connected TVs and mobile app. More coverage details

Whenever Andy Murray waves goodbye to Centre Court these days, nobody can confidently predict if it will be the last time or not.

In the hours after another disheartening defeat in the second round at Wimbledon, even the 36-year-old was unsure.

At the start of the 10th anniversary of Murray's iconic first title at the All England Club, when he ended Britain's 77-year wait for a men's singles champion, there was hope.

The hope was that he could complete a memorable win over Greek fifth seed Stefanos Tsitsipas and earn his most notable victory at a Grand Slam since having career-saving hip surgery in 2019.

By the end of the day, the former world number one questioned whether all the effort, pain and sacrifice of trying to go deep at Wimbledon was worth repeating.

Asked if he was confident of returning next year, Murray said: "I don't know. Motivation is obviously a big thing.

"Continuing having early losses in tournaments like this doesn't necessarily help with that."

Murray cut a forlorn figure as he spoke to journalists, looking incredibly downbeat as he dissected his five-set defeat by 24-year-old Tsitsipas.

The scene was nothing new. Revealing raw emotion after difficult defeats at the place where he puts the greatest emphasis on winning has been common in the past few years.

In 2021, Murray said he needed to weigh up "if all the hard work is worth it" after an encouraging run was ended by Canada's Denis Shapovalov in the third round.

In 2022, an equally-despondent Murray also questioned his future after suffering his earliest exit at Wimbledon at the hands of American John Isner in the second round.

This year, for all the bullish talk in the build-up, the tournament ended with the same result.

"Losing in the second round, I don't find that motivating. It's not why I put all of the work in," said Murray, who has not reached the fourth round of a major since Wimbledon in 2017.

"It's similar to last year, I guess. I had a long think about things, spoke to my family, and decided to keep on going.

"I'm unbelievably disappointed and upset now. Maybe I will feel different in a few days but right now it doesn't feel good."

This summer, Murray has channelled all his efforts into a deep run at the place where he has won two of his three major titles.

That is what makes the disappointment even harder to take.

Murray decided to skip the clay-court French Open, preferring instead to start his preparations on the British grass on which he thrives.

Dropping down to the ATP Challenger Tour - the level below the main tour - led to title wins in Surbiton and Nottingham.

Murray suffered a chastening defeat against Alex de Minaur when he made the step up in class at Queen's. Nothing to panic about, he insisted.

But, crucially, it meant he missed out on a seeding and left him open to the prospect of facing one of the highest-ranked players in the first two rounds.

The draw threw up a potential second-round match against Tsitsipas - a two-time major finalist tipped to win one of the sport's biggest prizes sooner rather than later.

When that highly anticipated meeting panned out, Murray stepped up to the occasion - as he regularly does on the big stage - and showed glimpses of his best.

It was testament to his performance that Tsitsipas had to produce his best display on grass in a long time to pull through.

Not even that could soften the blow for Murray, who knows he can still mix it with the world's best.

"I certainly can. It's clear based on how the match went. There was only a few points in it," he said.

"But it's not just about winning the odd match against them really. To have a run at these tournaments, you need multiple, multiple wins in a row. I've not done that."

Murray is not the type of player to rush into any major decisions and his love for the game is evident by the depths from which he has recovered to continue playing.

Last weekend, Murray said he had an "idea in my head" about when he wanted to retire. That decision does not look imminent but the scars of this latest Wimbledon loss may lead to reassessment.

Tim Henman, Murray's former Davis Cup team-mate and long-time friend, believes the Scot will reflect more positively when "the dust is settled".

"Andy has got a wise head on slightly older shoulders now and he is absolutely right not to commit to anything," he said.

"He will reflect on how much effort he has put in this year. He dropped down levels to play in Challenger events and to win two on grass. That emphasises the hunger and desire.

"That desire still burns bright and I really hope there is more to come for Andy."
• None Alerts: Get tennis news sent to your phone
• None Is hydrogen the solution to our energy needs? The Inquiry explores the potential of replacing our fossil-fuel usage with hydrogen
• None How did Mitchell Johnson rise from the ashes? The former Australia bowler talks about restoring his reputation following his public ridicule in 2010

A double murderer is "unlikely" to have been in York when Claudia Lawrence went missing, police have said.

Ms Lawrence, then 35, has not been seen since March 2009. No charges have ever been brought.

Witnesses now say Christopher Halliwell - serving life for killing two women in Wiltshire - had links to Yorkshire, and may have stalked females there.

The mother of Becky Godden, one of his victims, told the Daily Mirror there could be a link to Ms Lawrence's case.

She said there was a claim Halliwell wanted to relocate to Yorkshire.

A chef at the University of York, Ms Lawrence was last seen walking towards her home on Heworth Road in the city on 18 March 2009.

North Yorkshire Police said it had investigated Halliwell's movements around the time she disappeared.

Police examined the movements of convicted murderer Christopher Halliwell around the time of Claudia Lawrence's disappearance

Halliwell, a Swindon taxi driver, is serving life sentences for murdering Becky Godden, 21, in 2003, and Sian O'Callaghan, 22, in 2011.

Det Supt Wayne Fox, head of the Major Investigation Team at North Yorkshire Police, said officers had been working with their counterparts in Wiltshire since September 2016 when a detective there first suggested a possible link between Ms Lawrence's disappearance and Halliwell.

"We have pursued lines of enquiry which are focused on any link he [Halliwell] may have to the North Yorkshire area and, in particular, the movements of Christopher Halliwell during the material times in which we believe Claudia came to harm," Det Supt Fox said.

"The results of those enquiries, which included examinations of digital devices and the interviewing of several witnesses, indicated that Halliwell continued to operate as a taxi driver in the Swindon area within the relevant time parameters.

"Both investigation teams reached a position in which we concluded it to be unlikely that Halliwell left the Wiltshire area, or was present in North Yorkshire, at the time of Claudia's disappearance."

Det Supt Fox said he was "mindful of recent information" from witnesses who suggested Halliwell had links to Yorkshire where he may have "stalked females".

He added: "Steps have been taken to conduct interviews with these witnesses and that information has been thoroughly assessed against known facts."

The detective said he continued to "keep an open mind" and that North Yorkshire Police was "committed to finding the answers that Claudia's family deserve and need".

Follow BBC Yorkshire on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to yorkslincs.news@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Zana Cousins-Greenwood said Harry Styles was "what you want him to be, which is lovely"

A horse trainer has told how she urged Harry Styles to "fake it to make it" when getting in the saddle for his latest music video.

In the video for Daylight, the singer rode a horse from Hertfordshire-based Stampede Stunt Company.

Handler Zana Cousins-Greenwood had to keep her experience secret after they met on set in Kent 14 months ago.

She said: "We trained him to ride, we trained him to look good and he listened."

Stampede Stunt Company said Harry Styles "took the time with everybody and learnt all the skills"

The former One Direction singer revealed he had never a ridden a horse to Ms Cousins-Greenwood and her team as they shared a lunch break together.

This meant Styles only had about 20 minutes of training before cameras started rolling.

"We said to Harry 'just look like you're confident on a horse - fake it until you make it'," Ms Cousins-Greenwood told BBC Three Counties Radio.

The Hemel Hempstead company has worked with many celebrities including Sir Anthony Hopkins and the late Paul O'Grady.

Usually, stars visit the training centre to practice. However, due to his busy schedule, the team met Styles for the first time on set at a circus outside a garden centre.

Stampede Stunt Company has been training horses for 20 years

Towards the end of the video, released on Wednesday, Styles rears the horse in slow motion while coolly holding eye contact with the camera.

"I'm pleased that the horse went nice and high, he can be lazy at times," said the trainer.

The Friesian horse, named Teake, was not initially meant to star in the video.

Harry Styles only received 20 minutes of training before filming started

Originally a horse named Carnival was chosen, with Teake brought along to the shoot to keep the white stallion company.

However, the the video's director preferred Teake and Carnival was forced to instead appear in the background of a shot.

Poppleguy has previously worked with the comedian and broadcaster Paul O'Grady

The firm also provided a parrot for the video shoot.

Poppleguy the parrot sits on Styles' shoulder as he feeds him a cashew nut.

Ms Cousins-Greenwood said that inclusion was unplanned because, although the parrot often features in music videos, he does not normally like to sit on people's shoulders.

"He's a little bit picky and he went straight on Harry Styles' shoulder, the sign of a good vibe," she said.

Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp us on 0800 169 1830

An election in a small Wisconsin town came down to a roll of the dice.

After Rob Zoschke and Nate Bell received 256 votes each to be president of the Sister Bay Village Board, the race went to a tie-break.

Village clerk Heidi Teich told the candidates the election would be settled via a game of chance, as per the state election code.

The dice rolled 6-2 in Mr Bell's favour knocking out incumbent Mr Zoschke.

"It's drawn a lot of interest because it's such an unusual thing," Ms Teich told the BBC. "For it to be settled with a children's game is kind of unique."

After voting ended, the village clerk sent an image of the final tally to both candidates.

"Am I seeing this right?," Mr Bell remembers thinking, upon seeing the 256-256 count.

A dice roll was one of the options the three-member board of canvassers considered.

Pulling names from a hat, cutting a deck of cards, drawing straws or flipping a coin were among the other possibilities.

But the canvassers ultimately decided a dice roll was the fairest method.

"They felt that if you flip a coin and a candidate calls one side, the other candidate has no option but to take the other side," Ms Teich said. "In a dice roll, both get to participate in some manner."

Neither candidate was able to attend the roll in person, so two canvassers rolled in their stead. Mr Zoschke watched the odd event via Zoom.

Half a dozen supporters reached out to Mr Zoschke lamenting the loss. One regretted that their teenage daughter was unable to cast a ballot due to an out-of-town doctor's appointment. Another could not get off work before the polls closed.

"But I have to believe my opponent received the same calls," Mr Zoschke said, in his friendly Wisconsin accent.

He said he had no antipathy toward the process. He did, however, note that 78 voters curiously chose not to select either candidate.

Mr Zoschke has no intention of asking for a recount.

"I don't get hung up on a vote here or a vote there because there were still 256 people that voted for the other guy," he said. "I'm at peace."

Mr Bell asked to keep the dice as a souvenir and reminder of life's unpredictability.

"It's too soon now, but I hope someday Rob and I can get together and have some charity event rolling dice off," Mr Bell told the BBC.

Best known for being home to a marina and a restaurant with goats on its sodded roof, the tie is one of the more exciting things to happen in the little town of 1,160.

"I never would have dreamed we'd get this much attention up here," Ms Teich said.

The use of undercover policing tactics from the 1960s onwards was not justified and the unit should have been disbanded early on, a report says.

Ex-senior judge Sir John Mitting said most groups infiltrated by the Special Demonstration Squad posed no threat.

His report for the Undercover Policing Inquiry details tactics such as forming sexual relationships and using the names of dead children for cover.

The end did not justify the means, the report concludes.

The Special Demonstration Squad (SDS) was tasked with infiltrating left-wing political and activist groups.

Sir John describes the impact of SDS officers' actions on hundreds of people's lives. In some cases officers had sexual relationships while undercover and used dead children's names to create their false identities.

He says, had the use of these means been known publicly at the time, the SDS would have been brought to a rapid end.

And he believes the tactic of taking dead children's identities should have been referred to senior Met officers and Home Office officials.

Officers were deployed into groups for years and some took on positions of responsibility. They reported extensive details on individuals, including their relationships and family lives.

While the inquiry is covering more than 50 years of undercover policing, this first report focuses on the period 1968 to 1982. The inquiry has heard evidence from those spied on during these years. Witnesses included political activists, among them Peter Hain, now Lord Hain, who was involved in the anti-apartheid movement and went on to be a Labour cabinet minister as well as trade unionists and women deceived into relationships.

Sir John says the tactics used by the SDS should have been addressed at the highest level within the Metropolitan Police and the Home Office, which annually authorised and funded the unit. He outlines how both viewed the SDS as a potential source of embarrassment. And he says a report by senior police officers in 1976 did not address SDS tactics.

Intelligence gathered by its officers was passed to bosses at Scotland Yard and MI5.

The stated aim of the SDS was to help police control public order in London but the groups targeted were not involved in terrorism or other serious crime, says the report.

Sir John concludes that the fact that the SDS did not infiltrate right-wing groups was not because of political bias. He says those running the unit decided these groups were already covered and they were concerned about the risk of violence.

Lord Hain was monitored in his youth - and when he became an MP

Lord Hain said the report revealed "clear political responsibility for illegitimate undercover police operations, targeting anti-apartheid and anti-racist groups, going right up to prime ministers of the day".

However he said Sir John's statement that the decision not to infiltrate right-wing groups did not stem from political bias was "an astounding endorsement of the very political bias the police and security services displayed at that time".

Baroness Doreen Lawrence, whose campaign for justice for her murdered son Stephen was spied upon, said: "I now want to know who ordered the spying on me and my family.

"Who thought it necessary to intrude on a law-abiding family fighting for justice for their son? Who signed off on this unlawful practice?"

Stephen Lawrence was murdered by a gang in 1993

The campaign group Police Spies Out Of Lives said: "Thanks to years of efforts by campaigners the authorities are now on the back foot."

Kate Wilson, speaking on behalf of the group, was herself deceived into a relationship with an undercover officer and said: "This is not only about human rights abuses that happened in the 1970s, this is about the Metropolitan Police, the Home Office and MI5 perpetuating human rights abuses... for more than four decades... and what the inquiry now has to look at is how did that go on for so long?"

The inquiry heard evidence that those targeted included trade unionists who suffered years of unemployment after being spied on by police.

Dave Smith from the Blacklist Support Group said: "They've taken food off my kids' table and we're rightly outraged because of this."

Metropolitan Police Cdr Jon Savell said: "We know that enormous distress has been caused, and I want to take this opportunity to reiterate the apologies made to women deceived by officers into sexual relationships, to the families of deceased children whose identities were used by officers, and to those who suffered a miscarriage of justice because of the actions of SDS officers.

Cdr Savell said he wanted to reassure the public that undercover policing had undergone radical reform over the years, and now "bears no relation" to the way it was conducted in the 1970s.

The Undercover Policing Inquiry was set up in 2015 and began hearing evidence in 2020. It has so far cost over £64m. Its final report is currently scheduled for 2026.

In his foreword, Sir John, says the report published on Thursday is part of a work in progress and the inquiry will in future consider the full impact on women deceived into sexual relationships with undercover officers, as well as the effect on officers' families.

Future reports will also address the impact on the relatives of deceased children whose identities were used by officers and ask why justice campaigns like that for Stephen Lawrence were targeted, he adds.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

A 42-year-old man charged with the attempted murder of a woman in a domestic incident in County Down on Friday has been remanded into custody.

James Carlisle, of Harbour Road in Kilkeel, appeared at Monday's short hearing at Newry Magistrates' Court via video-link.

He faces five further charges.

They are grievous bodily harm with intent, assault occasioning actual bodily harm, common assault and two counts of intimidation of a witness.

An investigating officer confirmed that he was aware of the facts of the case and could connect Mr Carlisle to the charges.

A defence barrister confirmed no bail application was being made on Monday but one would be made on 19 July, when Mr Carlisle will appear in court again via video-link.

Molly Russell was 14 when she died in 2017 after viewing harmful online content while suffering depression

The government has agreed to give coroners and bereaved families new powers to access information on their loved ones held by tech companies.

The pledge came during a House of Lords debate on the Online Safety Bill.

Culture minister Lord Parkinson of Whitley Bay said the amendments to the bill would make accessing data "more straightforward and humane".

Ian Russell, whose daughter Molly ended her life after viewing harmful content online, said it was "really important".

The Online Safety Bill was introduced in March under Boris Johnson, and has been repeatedly altered during its passage through Parliament.

As it moved towards being passed, the bill went through a final day of scrutiny by a committee in the House of Lords.

During the committee hearing crossbench peer Baroness Kidron called for legal powers to request information from Facebook and other "service providers", which could be relevant to the death of a child who had used their platform.

In response, culture minister Lord Parkinson of Whitley Bay announced a "package of amendments" to ensure "coroners have access to the expertise and information that they need in order to conduct their investigations, including information held by technology companies, regardless of size".

Lord Parkinson added: "This includes information about how a child interacted with specific content online as well as the role of wider systems and processes, such as algorithms, in promoting it."

Several parents of children who lost their children as a result of online harms were in the public gallery in the Lords during the debate, including Mr Russell.

Mr Russell said of the announcement: "It's absolutely vital if we're to learn lessons"

Mr Russell, from Harrow in north-west London, described the plans as "the first major concession that the government's really given in this process".

"It's absolutely vital if we're to learn lessons and find out how to make this great and fantastic digital world safer for everyone, and particularly children, to use," he said.

"What we have to do is let digital platforms bring their benefits with them but protect people from the harms that they contain."

Lorin LeFave was one of the parents in the public gallery while the bill was being discussed in the House of Lords

Lorin LeFave, whose son Breck Bednar, 14, was groomed and murdered by someone he met online said the progress had been "very positive".

"The speeches were supportive and the interactions were going in the right direction, so I'm hoping of all hopes that this bill will be all that it can be," she said.

"I don't want to have to live with the online world being the wild west any longer, I want just to be able to tame it and to make sure our children are safer online."

Speaking after the announcement, Baroness Kidron said: "It's not a victorious moment because it's so tragic that we've had to fight this hard, that so many families have hit the wall of 'computer says no' when they're in such grief and extremis.

"The minister said that the government would make a coroner's notice an equivalent of an Ofcom information notice - all of the powers of Ofcom will indeed go to the coroner in effect."

She added this would include powers to fine companies and hold managers responsible.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Water in the Trevi Fountain turned black when climate change activists released "vegetable charcoal" into Rome's famous landmark.

Protesters from Ultima Generazione (Last Generation) standing in the water unfurled anti-fossil fuel banners. The group's website says it is campaigning against "government subsidies of fossil fuel".

Rome's mayor Roberto Gualtieri says the city will have to "throw away 300,000 litres of water" to clean-up the tourist attraction, because it uses recirculating water.

Jean Jefferson says IRA bomber helped her come to terms with husband's death

A woman whose father was injured in an IRA bomb 50 years ago has said the friendship she forged with the bomber has helped her through the recent death of her husband.

Jean Jefferson's father was severely disfigured in the blast, which killed six people, including her aunt, in Coleraine in 1973.

In 2011, Jean met and forgave the man who was convicted of the bombing.

Sean McGlinchey spent 18 years in jail for his part in the car bomb attack.

Two car bombs exploded in the County Londonderry town on 12 June 1973.

All of those injured or killed were caught up in the first explosion, which went off on Railway Road at 15:00 BST.

A second explosion went off in Hanover Place five minutes later.

"I was teaching in England at the time and got a call that changed our lives forever," Mrs Jefferson told BBC News NI.

"My sister ran down town to see what happened. My father was sat with his head in his hands. She didn't even recognise him because he was that injured.

"I remember arriving back at the airport in Northern Ireland. Nobody was able to meet me at Aldergrove because of what happened at home.

"Home changed from then. How could someone do that in my home town, I thought."

Sean McGlinchey, who is currently a Sinn Féin councillor, faced criticism after being appointed as mayor of Limavady in 2011.

Mrs Jefferson said: "People gave him such a hard time and I remember being angry as he said he was sorry.

"My father also forgave Sean although he never told him directly. He was the instigator of forgiveness. How could we as a family not forgive then?

"I understand why some people can't do what we've done. I understand all sides."

She added: "My husband died last year and Sean has been a great friend to me. Bill had a great deal of time for Sean.

"Sean had a mass said for him in the monastery in Portglenone. He was really upset about Bill's death. That meant a lot to me."

When asked in advance about John Finucane attending an IRA commemoration in south Armagh, Mrs Jefferson said she "has a lot of time" the Sinn Féin MP.

"I understand how people struggle to understand it but I really think he was condemned before he gave his speech. That's not right either."

Mrs Jefferson said she will spend the 50th anniversary of the IRA bombing on her own at home to reflect.

The new memorial was unveiled in the presence of the mayor and relatives of victims

A memorial to the victims of the bombing was unveiled during an act of remembrance service in Coleraine on Monday afternoon.

Mayor of Causeway Coast and Glens Steven Callaghan said the memorial would ensure the innocent lives lost that day would never be forgotten.

"This beautiful sculpture will ensure the victims are never forgotten and will give the families a place to come and remember them," he said.

"We would not have reached this point without the help and support of the victims' families and I want to thank them for engaging with this long collaborative process to bring about this fitting memorial."

The permanent memorial follows the unveiling in 2022 of a granite plaque enshrined on a pavement at Railway Road in the town - marking the location of the first bomb.

A puppy enjoys its first experience of snow

While blizzard conditions and heavy snow led to school closures and travel disruption, it also provided a picturesque scene for many people to wake up to.

Some areas were more severely affected than others with the east of Northern Ireland bearing the brunt of the snowfall.

People flocked to Stormont to take advantage of the snowy slopes

The view in Carryduff on the outskirts of Belfast

However, most places saw at least a light dusting.

Roads in Antrim were passable but motorists were warned to be extra careful

At its worst, some roads were described as "treacherous" especially over high ground.

Industrial action has had an impact on some gritting operations

A tape measure shows how deep some of the snowfalls were overnight - this was in Armagh

More than 200 schools across Northern Ireland closed, leaving thousands of pupils at home for the day.

Closed schools allowed children an opportunity to show their creativity in other areas

An amber warning was issued for counties Antrim, Down and Armagh while other areas were given a less severe yellow warning.

The early morning view over the river Foyle

Enjoying the snow on the Stormont estate while Parliament Buildings remains in cold storage

And it's not over yet as a weather warning remains in place for Friday night and Saturday morning when low temperatures will see icy conditions persist.

The stolen gold coins were discovered near Manching in 1999, and are thought to date back to the first century BC

Four people have been arrested in Germany over the theft of a hoard of Celtic gold coins worth about €1.6m (£1.4m).

Hundreds of coins were taken from a museum in Manching, Bavaria, during a night raid in November.

Many of them dated from around the 1st Century BC.

The authorities say there is "overwhelming evidence" in the case and that investigations are continuing. More details are expected on Thursday.

That includes whether part of the horde of coins has been recovered.

The arrests were made on Tuesday during a search operation in the northern state of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania.

Bavaria's interior minister, Joachim Herrmann, said the suspects were "professional burglars".

"The mission continues," Ch Insp Ludwig Waldinger from the Bavarian police told the Bild newspaper.

"We are searching properties in several federal states."

The coins were unearthed during a 1999 archaeological dig near Manching - considered to be the biggest discovery of Celtic gold in the 20th Century. They had been on display since 2006.

Police at the time of their theft suspected that those involved sabotaged the museum's alarm system. Just before the break-in, nearby internet cables were cut, causing widespread outages.

This meant the alarm system was not triggered when a door was pried open, although it was able to record when the robbery, which lasted less than 10 minutes, took place.

The authorities had been exploring whether the theft involved organised crime and was linked to previous raids.

In 2017, a hefty gold coin weighing 100kg was snatched from a Berlin museum. Two years later, thieves took 21 pieces of jewellery and other valuables in a dramatic diamond heist at Dresden's Green Vault museum that was caught on CCTV.

The loss of the coins devastated the museum and the wider community.

Rupert Gebhard, head of collections at the State Archaeological Collection in Munich, said it felt "like losing an old friend".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: CCTV appears to show police following people minutes before crash

Police are verifying CCTV showing a police van following two people on an electric bike minutes before a fatal crash that sparked a riot in Cardiff.

Those who died were named locally as Kyrees Sullivan, 16, and Harvey Evans, 15.

The footage shows the South Wales Police van and the bike 900m, or just over half a mile, from the crash site.

But police said none of their vehicles were on Snowden Road in Ely - where the crash was - at the time it happened.

The video analysed by BBC Verify is time-stamped to 17:59 BST on Monday on Frank Road.

Tributes were left to the two teenagers who died in Ely

Local people had earlier claimed on social media that police were pursuing the bike.

Police said the collision had already occurred when officers arrived, and they remained on the scene to manage "large-scale disorder" until the early hours of Tuesday morning.

Then South Wales Police and Crime Commissioner Alun Michael had denied the boys were being pursued by officers.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

"We have received footage that shows a police vehicle following a bike at just prior to 6pm," Ch Supt Martyn Stone said in a statement outside Cardiff Bay police station on Tuesday evening.

He declined to answer questions after the statement.

The footage "will assist us in piecing together the circumstances leading up to the collision," he added.

Mr Michael later declined to comment on the footage of the police van.

"You should examine the carefully-worded statement from the chief superintendent," he said.

A car burns amid disorder in the Cardiff suburb of Ely

"We can confirm that the following investigations have been carried out so far, and that when the collision occurred there was no police vehicle on Snowden Road," Ch Supt Stone said.

"At this stage we do not believe any other vehicles were involved."

The force has made a mandatory referral to the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC), he confirmed.

An IOPC spokesperson said: "We will be sending investigators to a police post incident procedure to begin gathering information and to assess whether the IOPC will carry out an independent investigation".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The ashes of burnt-out cars could be seen on Tuesday morning

On Tuesday night, 24 hours after the trouble began, dozens of young people gathered near hundreds of floral tributes on Snowden Road. The mood in the area was calm.

That was in contrast to Monday, when cars were set alight, fireworks set off and paving slabs thrown at police as more than 100 people gathered following the crash.

"Fifteen police officers were injured, 11 were taken to hospital, and four were treated at the scene," Ch Supt Stone said.

Litter and burnt cars were left on the street in Ely, Cardiff

A number of arrests have already been made he said, "and there will be more to come".

"Residents have our assurances that we will be doing our best to arrest those responsible," he added.

Police were called to the crash shortly after 18:00 BST on Monday.

At about 20:00, police tweeted that they were still at the scene of the collision but were also working to "de-escalate" disorder.

The force said it had received a large number of calls from "understandably frightened" residents.

The Welsh Ambulance Service said it was called back to the scene at 22:30 and took five people to hospital.

Resident Vikki Takata said she saw "loads of riot vans" from her window, and a helicopter that was "shining the torch down on us".

"It was carnage," she recalled. "I've never seen anything like it other than on the telly."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Other eyewitnesses said young people were chasing police officers up the road and throwing stones and missiles at cars.

"The police with the shields were all literally opposite my car," Ms Takata recalled. "It was quite frightening."

The force said its thoughts were with the families of the two boys who had died as well as those affected by the rioting.

A car was set on fire and tipped on its roof

Bridy Bool, who knows the Evans family, said Harvey had "loads of friends" and loved motorbikes and football.

"He was best friends with Kyrees and [they] were into the same things. It was not unusual for them to be together," she said.

Ms Bool said she believed the pair were being chased by officers "as there are videos going around".

A car with its windows smashed on Snowden Road in Ely

Minister for Social Justice Jane Hutt told the Senedd on Tuesday afternoon that more arrests are expected.

First Minister Mark Drakeford - whose Cardiff West constituency includes Ely - said he was "very concerned" by the "upsetting reports".

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak's spokesperson said what had happened was "appalling and completely unacceptable".

Plaid Cymru and the Welsh Liberal Democrats have called for a full investigation. Welsh Conservative Senedd group leader Andrew RT Davies called it "deeply concerning".

Cardiff council leader Huw Thomas appealed for calm, and said the local authority was "assisting with the clean-up, so we can rebuild and project a more positive image of Ely".

Are you in the area? Did you witness the disorder? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Dan Sellwood is chasing letting agents while also writing his university dissertation

Reminder alerts, feelings of frustration and inability to save for a mortgage - this is the reality of renting in Wales.

With rents rising by £200 a month in some areas, estate agents have said supply is not meeting demand.

Bangor University student Dan Sellwood said he had an "awful" time looking for a house in Cardiff.

The Welsh government said it was "keen to work with private landlords" going forward.

Mr Sellwood, 23, said: "It's been awful trying to find somewhere to rent. Me and my housemate have been looking individually and together for the past three or four months and it's just been the worst experience."

While he was writing his university dissertation, he set regular reminders to chase estate agents.

"Every half an hour I was giving them a call trying to figure out where things were up to and then the blocks of viewings was really stressful," he said.

According to the Office for National Statistics, rent in Wales has risen by 4.4% in the past year, the highest annual percentage change since 2010.

Mr Sellwood, who is studying primary school teaching, hoped to find somewhere to rent for £800 a month, but is struggling to find anywhere for less than £900.

"I get a living wage and that's still not enough to be able to rent a decent house," he said.

"It's not the most expensive place to live, Cardiff, but it's so hard to get into because there's not the money in my pocket and there's not the houses in Cardiff."

Renters are struggling to find accommodation available within their budgets

Helene Lewis, a letting agent from Aberdare, Rhondda Cynon Taf, has seen one landlord raise rent by £200 a month.

"Over the last couple of weeks a lot of the landlords have decided with the increase in mortgages they need to up their rental income as well," she said.

"Some have gone up a couple of pounds, some have jumped quite a lot."

Ms Lewis said there simply was not "enough houses out there for people who want rentals".

Letting agent Helene Lewis says landlords are raising their prices by as much as £200 a month

In Scotland, a six-month freeze on rents came to an end in April and was replaced by rent controls.

Julie James, Welsh government minister for climate, told BBC Wales Live that the biggest problem in Wales was people who were looking for a new place to rent.

She said the Welsh government would be calling for some data surrounding "rent controls and various other things", and would particularly look at the effect of the rent freeze in Scotland.

She added that such a move would lead to some private landlords leaving the market, which was something she wanted to avoid.

"We don't think it will work. We are very keen to work with private sector landlords to find out what drives that [departure]," she said.

The minister added that the Welsh government's target of building 20,000 new social homes in this Senedd term was "hanging by a thread" due to inflation and supply chain difficulties.

Huge crowds had been gathering at the airport before the blast, hoping to be accepted on to an evacuation flight as US troops pulled out of Afghanistan

The Islamic State group mastermind thought to have planned the devastating 2021 bombing at Kabul airport has been killed by Afghanistan's ruling Taliban, US officials say.

The bombing that August killed 170 civilians and 13 US soldiers as people were trying to flee the country as the Taliban took control.

The IS figure was killed weeks ago but it took time to confirm his death, US officials told BBC news partner CBS.

His name has not been released.

US officials said they had determined through intelligence gathering and monitoring of the region that the leader had died, though they did not provide further details on how they had learned that he was responsible for the bombing.

"Experts in the government are at high confidence that this individual… was indeed the key individual responsible," a senior US official told CBS.

According to a report in the New York Times, the US learned of the leader's death in early April. It is unclear whether he was targeted by the Taliban or if he was killed during ongoing fighting between IS and the Taliban, the newspaper reported.

On Monday, the US began notifying families of the soldiers killed about the death of the IS leader.

Darin Hoover, father of Marine Staff Sergeant Taylor Hoover who died in the blast, confirmed to CBS that he had been notified of the news by the Marine Corps. "They could not tell me any details of the operation, but they did state that their sources are highly trusted, and they've got it from several different sources that this individual was indeed killed," Mr Hoover said in an interview on Tuesday.

The blast came hours after Western governments warned their citizens to stay away from Kabul International Airport, because of an imminent threat of an attack by IS-K, the Afghanistan branch of the Islamic State group.

It happened around 18:00 local time on 26 August 2021 at the Abbey Gate to the airport, when a suicide bomber walked into the middle of families waiting outside the gate.

Huge crowds had been gathering in the area, hoping to be accepted on to an evacuation flight as US troops pulled out of Afghanistan.

Among the casualties were two British nationals and the child of a British national, the UK government said at the time.

The US carried out a drone strike in Kabul days later, saying it had targeted a suicide bomber, only to admit that the missile had killed 10 civilians, including seven children.

They later offered a $10m (£8m) reward to anyone with information leading to the arrest or conviction in any country of those responsible for the attack, or for the capture of ISIS-K leader Sanaullah Ghafari.

The August 2021 pull-out of US troops from Afghanistan marked the end of America's longest war.

It led to the collapse of the Afghan government and military, which the US government had supported for two decades. It also led to the return of power to the Taliban.

The Biden administration was criticised both at home and abroad in the aftermath of the pull-out.

Many had expressed anger over the abandonment of Afghans and of US weaponry, and one US Marine injured in the blast described the pull-out as a "catastrophe" during Republican-led hearings examining the withdrawal.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Tyler Vargas-Andrews: "There was an inexcusable lack of accountability"

Michael McCaul, a Republican House representative, said the IS leader's death was welcome news but did not deliver full justice for the families of the US soldiers who died.

"If these reports are true, any time a terrorist is taken off the board is a good day," Mr McCaul said. "But this doesn't diminish the Biden administration's culpability for the failures that led to the attack at Abbey Gate."

President Joe Biden had directed a broad review examining the pull-out, which was released earlier this month. The review laid the blame on President Donald Trump for the deadly withdrawal, saying the Biden administration had been "severely constrained" by Mr Trump's decisions, including a 2020 deal with the Taliban to end the war.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. From a young age, Darcey knew her mum had a "sore heart" and she could call for help on Alexa.

A Scottish mum who received a heart transplant has told how her six-year-old daughter saved her life twice using a smart speaker.

Emma Anderson, from Robroyston in Glasgow, was 15 when she was diagnosed with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.

From a young age, her daughter Darcey knew her mum had a "sore heart" and she could call for help on Alexa.

Now Darcey has used Alexa twice to raise the alarm when her 27-year-old mum has been unwell.

"I set up the Alexa so that if I passed out or was feeling unwell all she had to do was say, 'Alexa, call help', and that would call my mum who lives around the corner," Ms Anderson said.

"And she's had to call on Alexa a couple of times, she even called an ambulance on her own and that time I was in a really bad way.

"I'm so proud of her, she is a wee superstar."

Emma said her heart was so damaged that she was hospitalised whilst waiting for a transplant

"Basically it means that the muscle surrounding the heart starts to grow too thick," she said.

"The way I was kind of described it was instead of beating against a cushion, it's like every beat the heart is beating against a brick wall so it's getting more and more damaged each time."

Mostly managed by medication through her life, she was told at a routine check-up that she needed a life-saving heart transplant urgently.

"Alexa, call help!" allowed Darcey to alert nearby family members to help Emma.

"I went in for my routine check up and was told that it had gotten really bad and I couldn't wait on the routine list at home anymore, I had to come in and be put on an urgent list because basically if I left the hospital I didn't have much time left," she said.

"I went into hospital and a few months in my heart completely failed.

"I ended up on an aortic balloon pump which kept my heart beating for me until we could hopefully get a transplant.

"And then it was about 10 days after going on that, we got a call saying a donor heart was available."

Emma received the transplant in April, 2022 at the NHS Golden Jubilee hospital in Clydebank.

Since her transplant, Emma has been able to do things she had never done before like take her daughter to swimming and to the park

When first diagnosed, she had an internal defibrillator implanted inside her chest, which "fired" three times last year.

She said the heart transplant had been transformative and she was able to marry her partner Conner last July.

Ms Anderson said: "Since my transplant I have a totally new life now.

"I can actually walk to school and pick Darcey up and walk back again, something I could never do before.

"Over Easter, I managed to take Darcey swimming and to the play park, the farm park, simple things I wasn't able to do before, I can do now. I'm able to be a mummy now."

After her transplant, Emma learned to walk again, being discharged around a week before her wedding

About 28,000 Scots have an inherited heart condition, the most common being hypertrophic cardiomyopathy according to the British Journal of Cardiology.

Ms Anderson said she was eternally grateful to her donor and their family for what they have done for her.

"Getting a transplant is a very hard road, it's not easy," she said.

"I was on life support and all sorts of other treatments after my operation for a long while, and my muscles deteriorated so much I couldn't walk any more.

"The only thing I seemed to care about once I was better was learning to walk again so I could walk down that aisle and get married.

"I was literally discharged just over a week before the wedding, I still had stitches in walking down the aisle."

Emma now stars in Tom Walker's the Best is Yet to Come music video

While recovering in hospital, Ms Anderson created a TikTok video with images of different stages of her heart journey using Scots singing star Tom Walker's song, The Best Is Yet To Come.

The singer was so touched by the video he invited her to London to appear in a video featuring people who had inspired him.

This YouTube post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on YouTube The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. YouTube content may contain adverts. Skip youtube video by TomWalkerVEVO This article contains content provided by Google YouTube. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Google’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. YouTube content may contain adverts.

She said: "Tom contacted me and asked me to go down to London and be part of his music video to raise awareness.

"So I went down and did that with other people who were absolutely incredible, who had been through a lot in life too, and it was so nice of Tom to recognise that through his inspiring music.

"Like the lyrics say, I definitely think the best is yet to come for me thanks to my organ donor.

"It's a horrible situation to be in but…I'm eternally grateful. There are no words I could put into…what that donor family has done for me and my family and my child."

Chief executive of NHS Golden Jubilee, Gordon James, said: "As we celebrate 75 years of the NHS, Emma's inspiring story shows us how valuable and crucial the life-saving care the NHS provides is to our patients."

John Chapman, James Henderson and James Kirby were all described as "valued team members"

Tributes have been paid to the three British victims of an Israeli air strike in Gaza.

John Chapman, 57, James Henderson, 33, and James Kirby, 47, were among the seven World Central Kitchen (WCK) workers killed in Monday's strike.

Mr Kirby's family said he would be "remembered as a hero" and they were "incredibly proud" of what he achieved.

Mr Chapman's family said they were "devastated" and that he "died trying to help people".

As well as the three Britons, Australian national Lalzawmi Frankcom, Polish national Damian Sobol, Palestinian Saifeddin Issam Ayad Abutahas and US-Canadian citizen Jacob Flickinger, were also killed.

The Palestinian Red Crescent said its crews have transported the bodies of the six foreign aid workers to Egypt via the Rafah crossing.

Mr Kirby, who was born in Bristol, had toured Bosnia and Afghanistan with the British Armed Forces before moving into work as a security consultant.

"James was always willing to lend a helping hand to anyone, even in the face of senseless violence," his family said in a statement.

"James lost his life trying to save others, he will never know what a void he has left, our family will never be the same."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Mr Kirby's cousins, Amy Roxburgh-Barry and Adam McGuire, told the BBC he was a "true friend who loved his mates and family" and "idolised his mum, who was his world and vice versa".

Hearing of his death was a "complete shock", Ms Roxburgh-Barry said. "He has died a hero."

A friend who served in Afghanistan with Mr Kirby in 2011 told the BBC that at the end of a patrol, he would make sure everyone was safe and well before thinking about himself.

"James's heart was the biggest part of his body", Mark Townsend said. "The suffering that people are obviously going through in Gaza would have made him want to do something immediately."

Mr Chapman's family said they were "devastated" to have lost an "incredible father, husband, son and brother".

"He died trying to help people and was subject to an inhumane act," they said.

"He was loved by many and will forever be a hero. He will be missed dearly".

Chris Burns, who served with Aylesbury-born Mr Chapman in the military, said he was funny and bubbly, and "got on with everybody".

Mr Henderson, from Cornwall, had served for six years in the Royal Marines before moving to security work.

He was a member of the Penryn Rugby Club, which held a gathering on Tuesday night for his close friends and teammates to share their memories of him.

"Clearly this tragic event, which has happened so far from Jimmy's hometown, will be felt for a long time by his family, friends and everyone in the local community who knew and loved him," Penryn RFC chair Matthew Gray told the BBC.

John Chapman's family paid tribute to an "incredible father, husband, son and brother"

The three Britons, all former servicemen, were acting as part of a WCK security team, working for Poole-based risk management company Solace Global.

"The men were incredibly proud of what they did and accepted the dangers involved," managing director Emily Roberts said.

The company said she drove for more than 12 hours to meet the victims' families after the firm received news of the attacks.

Solace Global non-executive director Matthew Harding said the men were "all valued team members, to whom we were very close" and their deaths were a "truly tragic loss".

He said it was a "difficult time" for the "close-knit family of an organisation," and that the company's operations room had been "live with the incident at the time".

"Our greatest feelings are with their families, their loved ones, and indeed the remainder of the Solace team," Mr Harding said.

The men had been in Gaza for just over a week because the firm regularly rotates its staff. They were due to return home in days, the BBC understands.

The men's roles as security advisers were to ensure the convoy followed its safety procedures and remained on the correct route.

Though Israel has said the attack was an accident, Mr Harding said "all accidents are avoidable with the correct control measures" and that, after reviewing the incident, he was "completely satisfied" that all safety measures were correctly taken.

The convoy was made up of three vehicles, including two that were armoured, which clearly displayed the charity's logo

The WCK convoy had just unloaded more than 100 tonnes of food aid before it was hit, according to the charity.

The organisation has said the strike happened despite "co-ordinating movements" with the Israel Defense Forces (IDF).

Paying tribute to the victims, WCK chief executive Erin Gore said she was "heartbroken and appalled" at the "beautiful lives" lost in the attack.

The charity's founder, celebrity chef José Andrés, said the victims were "angels" and called on Israel to stop its "indiscriminate killing".

Mr Andrés told the Reuters news agency that he doesn't believe the strike was a mistake, instead that the aid workers were killed "systematically, car by car".

"Even if we were not in co-ordination with the (Israeli army), no democratic country and no military can be targeting civilians and humanitarians," he said.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said the deaths "appalled" him. He demanded an investigation in a call with Israel's PM Benjamin Netanyahu on Tuesday.

Mr Sunak said on the call that "far too many aid workers and ordinary civilians have lost their lives in Gaza" and that the situation is "increasingly intolerable".

Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer described the air strike as "outrageous and unacceptable", and called for humanitarian workers to be protected and international law to be upheld.

Israel said the strike was "unintended" and that WCK workers were not deliberately targeted.

"What happened was an absolute tragedy but I do not believe there is a systemic problem," Shimon Freedman - a spokesperson for Cogat, the Israeli agency which co-ordinates aid deliveries into Gaza - said.

He added that accurate information about the aid convoy's movements had reached the IDF.

Avi Hyman, a spokesman for the Israeli government, said: "There is an investigation which will be made public and come out in the coming days."

"Preliminary findings show that it was a tragic, tragic mistake and my heart goes out to the families involved and families of the victims. What I'll say is, it has happened in the past that Hamas and other terrorist organisations have used ambulances to transport their people."

The aid workers were travelling in cars, at least one of which was clearly marked with the World Central Kitchen logo on the roof.

James Kirby's cousin Mr McGuire said he was "angry" with the response from Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu.

"They are not soldiers, they are there to help and feed people. Making them a target is unacceptable. Their response for us as a family wasn't nice to listen to," he said.

Much of the Gaza Strip has been devastated during the Israeli military operation that began after Hamas gunmen attacked southern Israel on 7 October, killing about 1,200 people and seizing 253 hostages.

About 130 of the hostages remain in captivity, at least 34 of whom are presumed dead.

More than 32,916 people have been killed in Gaza since then, the Hamas-run health ministry says.

Kenyan police have exhumed 47 bodies near the coastal town of Malindi, as they investigate a preacher said to have told followers to starve to death.

The bodies of children were among the dead. Police said exhumations are ongoing.

The shallow graves are in Shakahola forest, where 15 members of the Good News International Church were rescued last week.

State broadcaster KBC described him as a "cult leader", and reported that 58 graves have so far been identified.

One of the graves is believed to contain the bodies of five members of the same family - three children and their parents.

Mr Nthenge has denied wrongdoing, but has been refused bail. He insists that he shut down his church in 2019.

He allegedly told followers to starve themselves in order to "meet Jesus".

Kenyan daily, The Standard, said pathologists will take DNA samples and conduct tests to determine whether the victims died of starvation.

Police arrested Mr Nthenge on 15 April after discovering the bodies of four people suspected of having starved themselves to death.

Victor Kaudo of the Malindi Social Justice Centre told Citizen TV "when we are in this forest and come to an area where we see a big and tall cross, we know that means more than five people are buried there".

Kenyan interior minister, Kithure Kindiki, said all 800 acres of the forest had been sealed off and declared a crime scene.

Mr Nthenge allegedly named three villages Nazareth, Bethlehem and Judea and baptised followers in ponds before telling them to fast, The Standard reports.

Kenya is a religious country and there have been previous cases of people being lured into dangerous, unregulated churches or cults.

The BBC's Azadeh Moshiri describes what it's like for people waiting at Rhodes airport, trying to get home.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

French officials say they are extremely focused on King Charles III's first state visit on Sunday, despite violence at protests in several cities.

Interior Minister Gérald Darmanin said there were "no known threats".

The King is due to visit Paris and Bordeaux, where the entrance to the town hall was set alight on Thursday.

Mayor Pierre Hurmic said the trip had been adapted so it "can go ahead under the best security, so as not to expose the King to the slightest difficulty".

The trip, which begins on Sunday, is due to include a ride along the Champs-Elysées in the heart of Paris and a banquet at Versailles with President Emmanuel Macron.

It will culminate in a visit to Bordeaux on Tuesday - coinciding with the 10th nationwide protest planned by unions against the Macron government's move to increase the pension age from 62 to 64 and to prolong the number of years of contributions.

The mayor told France Info radio the city was "very motivated" to welcome King Charles and French authorities had been working with the UK embassy. He did not say which measures had been adapted, but the King is not expected to travel by tram in Bordeaux as originally planned.

"The final decision is not up to the mayor of Bordeaux and I imagine we'll be in touch with the British authorities and the prefecture on the subject of the visit," Mr Hurmic said.

The ninth day of protests on Thursday attracted more than a million people, according to the French interior ministry, although the unions put the number at 3.5 million.

Some 300 marches went ahead peacefully, but some protests were marred by some of the worst scenes of violence since demonstrations began in January.

Mr Darmanin said 457 arrests were made across France and 441 members of the security forces were injured. There were also dozens of injuries among protesters hit by stun grenades fired by riot police in several cities. In Rouen, a woman was hit in the hand and lost her thumb.

Much of the violence took place on the sidelines of some of the marches, in Paris and other cities including Bordeaux, and the interior minister said 903 fires were lit on the streets of the capital alone.

One police officer who lost consciousness had to be dragged to safety after appearing to be struck on the head.

It was not clear who set the historic 18th-Century door of Bordeaux town hall on fire, although it was put out by firefighters after several minutes.

"I'm extremely saddened, shocked and angry that anyone could attack the town hall, the home of all of Bordeaux," said the mayor, who had left the building only minutes earlier. He vowed public services would resume there on Friday morning as normal.

In Paris, generally peaceful demonstrations were disrupted by occasional clashes between police and masked rioters who smashed shop windows, attacked a McDonald's restaurant and set a kiosk alight.

Prime Minister Élisabeth Borne tweeted: "Demonstrating and voicing disagreements is a right. The violence and degradation we have witnessed today is unacceptable. All my gratitude to the police and rescue forces mobilised."

Firefighters on strike could be seen on the roof of one building in Paris during Thursday's protests

Protesters appeared galvanised by a TV interview given the day before by the president, after his government had used a constitutional power called 49:3 to force through the pension reform without a final vote in the National Assembly. Mr Macron said the reforms were an economic necessity, and he was prepared to accept the resulting unpopularity.

"I listened to Macron yesterday and it was as if someone was spitting in our face," said Adèle, a 19-year-old law student in Nanterre. "For this pension reform, there is another way and if he doesn't do that, it's because he's not listening to the people. There's a clear lack of democracy," she told the BBC.

"We will come out until he removes the pension reform," warned firefighter Christophe Marin. "We were getting a little demotivated, but the announcement of the 49.3 mobilised the French people - and us too."

The unrest also disrupted train travel and saw teachers and workers at Paris's Charles de Gaulle Airport walk out of work. Blockades of oil refineries and depots have begun to affect fuel supplies, and Le Figaro website said that by Thursday almost 15% of petrol stations had run out of either petrol or diesel.

Unions and the political left believe the latest day of strikes was a success, but where the situation goes from here is an open question.

President Macron was in Brussels for an EU summit as the protests unfolded. The government is hoping they will lose momentum, and that Thursday's violence will put people off.

But the opposition says the protests will not dwindle, and Parisian refuse collectors, who started their strike against the pension reform on 6 March, have renewed it until next Monday.

For more than two weeks bins have been left overflowing in many districts in Paris, and the capital does not look its best ahead of King Charles' trip.

Left-wing politicians have objected to the timing of the state visit, with Jean-Luc Mélenchon assessing it is "not the right moment".

Green MP Sandrine Rousseau called for it to be cancelled, questioning the location of the royal banquet. "Is it really the priority to receive Charles III at Versailles? Surely not," she said on Wednesday.

British royalty has often been feted by French leaders at the palace of Versailles since the Revolution in 1789.

Queen Victoria was welcomed there in 1855 and even waltzed with Napoleon III. George VI visited before World War Two and Elizabeth II paid her first visit as queen there in 1952.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Rubbish and e-scooters set on fire in France pension protests

Lydia Reid was "horrified" when officials arrived with a plastic carrier bag

A terminally ill mother says she was "horrified" after her baby's remains were brought her in a supermarket carrier bag by NHS officials.

Lydia Reid's son Gary was a week old when he died in 1975.

She later discovered his organs had been removed for tests without her permission and only received his remains last month after almost 50 years of campaigning.

NHS Lothian said it had since apologised to Ms Reid.

The 74-year-old, who is in an Edinburgh hospital with bowel cancer, told BBC Scotland she was visited last month by two senior NHS officials.

"I thought they were coming to help me sign some papers. When they arrived I noticed one of them was carrying a Sainsbury's carrier bag," Ms Reid said.

Inside the carrier bag was a six-inch box containing samples taken from Gary which had been used in tests without her permission.

"It knocked me for six and was the most disgusting thing I've ever seen in my life," Ms Reid said.

"I was so shocked and said 'How dare you. That is the only parts of my son I have and you want to hand them to me in a carrier bag?'

"I was absolutely horrified. When I told my son, Steven, he was dumbfounded."

The officials then took the remains back and they were sent to the undertaker.

The exhumed coffin in 2017, which was not prepared by NHS Lothian, contained items including a shroud and a cross

An NHS Lothian spokeswoman denied Ms Reid's claim that she was asked to look inside the box by the officials.

Tracey Gillies, medical director for NHS Lothian said: "I would like to repeat publicly the apology we made to Ms Reid in person for the upset and distress this has caused.

"The samples that formed part of the investigation were placed in a dignity wooden casket to be returned to Ms Reid while she was in hospital.

"This was then placed within a plastic bag to avoid drawing attention as they walked through the hospital.

"We are sincerely sorry for the additional distress this caused. Our teams met with Ms Reid to ensure all efforts were made to fulfil her wishes."

Ms Reid checked out of hospital for a day to bury her son's remains in Saughton Cemetery in Edinburgh on Saturday.

The coffin was exhumed from a plot at Saughton Cemetery in Edinburgh

Ms Reid has been a leading figure in the Scottish campaign to expose how hospitals unlawfully retained dead children's body parts for research.

The NHS in Scotland was forced to admit the widespread practice after an investigation into organ retention at Alder Hey hospital in Liverpool.

About 6,000 organs and tissues were kept by Scottish hospitals between 1970 and 2000, many from children.

Ms Reid said that when she asked to see her son a few days after he died in 1975, she was shown a different child.

Over the years, she discovered her son's organs had been removed. Pieces would be shaved off for microscope tests, without Ms Reid's permission, and the rest were stored in Edinburgh Royal Infirmary.

Ms Reid said she still does not know what happened to the rest of Gary's body.

Prof Sue Black said she had never seen anything like it

In September 2017, a court order was granted which allowed an exhumation to be carried out at Saughton Cemetery in Edinburgh.

Forensic anthropologist Prof Dame Sue Black concluded the coffin had been buried without containing any human remains.

A shawl, a hat, a cross and a name tag were found in the burial plot, as well as the disintegrated coffin - but no skeletal remains and no sign of decomposition.

Prof Black told BBC Scotland at the time: "Ultimately there is only one possible logical explanation - and that is that the body was not put in that coffin."

However, the Crown Office said a new investigation by independent experts had concluded Gary had been buried at the time of his death.

It also found no evidence of criminality or unlawful organ retention.

Ms Reid has campaigned for years to find out what happened to her son, and camped outside the Crown Office in Edinburgh while on hunger strike in 2022.

She said finally she had her son's remains returned when Labour MSP Foysol Choudhury and his assistant, Liz Catterall, intervened.

Mr Choudhury said: "When I asked NHS staff to meet Lydia to help her fill out the necessary forms, so that Gary's remains could be transferred back into her care, we did not expect Gary's remains to be brought to this meeting.

"Not only was this surprise action inappropriate and unsettling, but Gary's remains were shockingly brought to that meeting in a plastic supermarket carrier bag.

"Lydia has been fighting for justice for Gary for 48 years and then she found out that her baby son's remains were carried around in a plastic bag. This is absolutely shocking and was incredibly disrespectful.

"NHS Lothian have offered unreserved apologies but these events show that more training is needed to ensure sensitive and appropriate behaviour in the delivery of NHS services."

Rapper ArrDee appeared tasting rum and drinking with friends in a nightclub

Two adverts for alcohol brand Litty Liquor have been banned for encouraging excessive and irresponsible drinking.

Instagram posts from the Litty Liquor account in December featured photos of the rapper ArrDee tasting rum and drinking with friends in a nightclub.

The regulator said the adverts were "likely to encourage excessive consumption of alcohol".

The rapper is under 25 which is also in breach of advertising rules. The commercials have since been removed.

ArrDee, who is from Brighton, has collaborated with Aitch and Cat Burns and scored five top 10 hits in the UK.

His mixtape Pier Pressure was released in March 2022 and he is known for hits Oliver Twist, Jiggy and his verse in the Tion Wayne and Russ Millions Body remix, which trended on TikTok.

In the advert, the 20-year-old rapper appeared to be mixing two brands of rum and then partying with friends on the dancefloor.

The text "#GETLIT" appeared at the end of the advert alongside a box of Litty Liquor's products.

The Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) received one complaint that the adverts breached advertising rules because they featured someone who was, or seemed to be, under 25, and encouraged excessive and irresponsible consumption of alcohol.

The ASA said: "We understood that the word 'lit' had a long history of being used as a slang term for being drunk, and that it had also become popular within the rap music scene to indicate being intoxicated.

"We noted that in recent years the term 'lit' had also been used in rap music to mean that something was exciting, or of an excellent quality.

"However, because the ad was focused on the creation and consumption of an alcoholic drink... we considered that consumers would likely associate the phrase "#GETLIT to relate to the consumption of alcohol, and becoming intoxicated.

"We therefore considered that the ad was likely to encourage excessive consumption of alcohol."

Adverts featuring alcohol are prohibited from showing people who are, or appear to be, under the age of 25 in a significant role.

Litty Liquor, also responding on behalf of ArrDee, confirmed that the rapper was under 25 years of age at the time the ads were seen, and apologised for his presence, which they accepted was in breach of the rules.

The company and ArrDee said they understood how the phrase "#GETLIT" could have been perceived as promoting excessive and irresponsible alcohol consumption, but said they had intended to promote their products in a responsible and appropriate manner.

They said they had removed the ads and would be reviewing their advertising policies and procedures in order to prevent similar issues from occurring in the future.

ArrDee, who is from Brighton, has collaborated with Aitch and Cat Burns and scored five top 10 hits in the UK.

In China, water canons are being used to help keep people cool

The world's average temperature has reached a new high for the third time in a week, unofficial records show.

Data analysed by a group of US scientists shows the global average temperature on Thursday was 17.23C.

It breaks the 17.01C record set on Monday, surpassed just a day later when the average temperature reached 17.18C.

The temperatures are being driven by human-induced climate change and the naturally-occurring weather pattern known as El Niño, scientists say.

The El Niño Southern Oscillation, or ENSO as it is also called, is the most powerful fluctuation in the climate system anywhere on Earth. It happens every three to seven years, and in the warming phase, warmer waters come to the surface of the tropical Pacific and push heat into the atmosphere.

"Climate scientists aren't surprised about the global daily temperature record being broken, but we are very concerned," Friederike Otto, senior lecturer in climate science at Imperial College London, said.

It "should be a wake-up call for anyone who thinks the world needs more oil and gas," she added.

Before this week, the last time the record was broken was in August 2016.

Experts warn that many societies have not yet adapted to more extreme heat and the impacts it has on people and the environment.

The temperature readings come from a tool called Climate Reanalyzer. Scientists at the University of Maine use a combination of readings from surface, air balloon and satellite observations as well as computer modelling to assess average global temperatures.

The readings are not an official government record, but they are closely watched as an indicator of how temperatures are fluctuating.

On Thursday the US weather service National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) said it could not confirm records that come partly from computer simulations, according to Associated Press.

"But we recognize that we are in a warm period due to climate change," NOAA said.

Scientists warn that it is uncommonly hot and it is likely the records will continue to be broken this summer.

"El Niño hasn't peaked yet and summer is still in full swing in the Northern Hemisphere, so it wouldn't be surprising if the daily temperature record is broken again and again in 2023," Dr Paulo Ceppi, lecturer in climate science at Imperial College London, said.

Higher global temperatures are likely to make heatwaves even hotter and wildfires more severe, he added.

Last month was the hottest June on record, the EU's climate monitoring service Copernicus said on Thursday.

In the UK, record-high June temperatures saw "unprecedented" fish deaths and threatened the survival of insects as plants they feed from wilted, warned environment groups.

A study by the UK Met Office concluded that climate change made the June heat more than twice as likely.

Scorching heat is continuing to hit parts of the world, with North Africa seeing temperatures of near 50C and parts of China suffering under 40C.

Southern Europe could see more than 60 days this summer when conditions are dangerous for humans, the European Environment Agency warned in June.

Higher-than-average heat also affects crops and raises the risk of wildfires.

Heat increases in seas have also been detected in recent weeks, including a marine heatwave in the UK and Ireland.

And Antarctic sea ice reached its lowest extent for June - 17% below average - since satellite observations began.

Governments globally are committed to reducing their carbon emissions to reach net zero - the point when humans will stop adding greenhouse gases to the atmosphere.

Global temperatures will only start to approximately stabilise once the world reaches net zero, Dr Ceppi explains.

Rishi Sunak and Mark Drakeford with harbour master John Goddard at Holyhead, where they announced the freeports

Two Welsh freeports are to be created which aim to bring 20,000 jobs and investment worth £5bn.

Bids from Celtic Freeport, at Milford Haven and Port Talbot, and Anglesey Freeport have been given the green light by the UK and Welsh governments.

Freeports are zones where companies benefit from tax and duty relief and simplified customs processes.

Each was chosen to exploit renewable energy opportunities and are expected to contribute to UK net-zero ambitions.

The BBC has been told Celtic Freeport's bid scored highest during the competition run by the UK and Welsh governments.

It was based around maximising local benefits of a separate plan for a floating off-shore wind project in the Celtic Sea.

According to official figures, Wales had an export trade worth £115bn between 2016 and December 2022.

A third bid, based around Newport and Cardiff Airport, failed.

Celtic Freeport will be based around Port Talbot and Milford Haven ports, in the counties of Neath Port Talbot and Pembrokeshire respectively.

"I think it's a really big opportunity for our local area," said Andrew Scott, 16, who is studying his A-levels at Pembrokeshire College.

A-Levels pupil Andrew Scott says the Celtic freeport will encourage young people to stay in Pembrokeshire

He said he was interested in engineering and the renewables sector since plans to build wind farms off the Pembrokeshire coast were announced.

"It's giving young people like myself the opportunity to stay local," he explained.

"I plan to do a degree, and I hope to come back to Pembrokeshire and to work in this sector once I've achieved that higher education"

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Anglesey Freeport will be based around Holyhead, Rhosgoch, Anglesey prosperity zone, and science park M-Sparc.

Celtic Freeport Consortium chairman Roger Maggs said there was now potential to access £5.5bn of private and public investment.

"The future is exciting," he said.

Tata Steel, which has a site in Port Talbot, said it was delighted the Celtic Freeport bid was successful.

Neath Port Talbot council leader Steve Hunt said it was "an absolute game changer" for his county and Wales.

Anglesey council leader Llinos Medi said freeport status would be an important to securing a brighter future for Ynys Môn and north Wales.

"Too many of our young people have had to leave their communities to find decent jobs and a secure future. We want that to change, and freeport can help."

The Celtic Freeport will be based around the ports of Port Talbot, pictured, and Milford Haven

Ian Hampton, executive director at Stena Line it was an "excellent opportunity to drive forward sustainable economic growth, green energy, jobs, and skills"

"We are delighted for the people of Anglesey and north Wales, and excited about the positive commercial prospects that can be turned into a reality."

CBI Wales director Ian Price called it a "double boost for the economies and communities in both north and south Wales".

Rishi Sunak speaks to RAF air cadets during his visit to RAF Valley on Anglesey on Wednesday

Freeports were introduced by the UK government to try to promote regeneration and jobs.

Eight have been created in England and two announced in Scotland.

However the UK government's budget watchdog, the Office for Budgetary Responsibility has said historical evidence suggests freeports' "main effect" will be to move economic activity from one place to another.

Responding to such concerns, Welsh Secretary David TC Davies said the two new freeports had specific roles and were set at certain distances to avoid the risk they suck up investment from other parts of Wales.

"They are not going to be taking jobs from elsewhere," he said. "They're going to be building prosperity into areas that desperately need and frankly deserve it."

He said the 20,000 jobs figure had been rigorously assessed, but conceded it would take "up to 2030 and beyond" to create them.

"It will take time for these areas to ramp up and get used to changes," he said.

The UK government will provide up to £26m funding for each of the Welsh freeports.

UK Prime Minister Rishi Sunak was in Anglesey on Wednesday. On Thursday he and Wales' First Minister Mark Drakeford met in Holyhead to announce the freeports.

Mr Sunak told BBC Wales the news had been "warmly welcomed by local communities, there's a real buzz as we've been walking around today".

"Everyone's got a real lift from this announcement and they're already getting, I think they said to me, 40 different companies have been in touch thinking about trying to invest here [and] create jobs for the local community," he said.

"That's great for Wales, and that's what we want. We want to drive growth we want to create jobs and opportunity. These freeports in Wales will help us do that. "

Holyhead has expressed an interest in gaining freeport status

Mr Drakeford said the freeports were expected to be operational by the end of the year and would create a "platform for those industries that will shape the future of Wales".

"If we know anything, it is that the supplies of oil and gas on which the world has relied will run out," he said.

"We will all then need new supplies of energy and Wales is perfectly placed to be part of the renewable energy of the future and the freeports will provide us with an entry point into all of that.

"They're really important in themselves, but they are more important because of the way that they will allow those renewable industries to be created here in Wales."

At the moment, importers of goods or raw materials that enter the UK have to pay taxes or tariffs.

There is no single definition of a freeport but in general it means that companies importing products into the freeport do not have to pay any taxes when they bring them in.

If they use those products to make something else and then export it, they do not have to pay any taxes. They would only have to pay them if the product left the freeport and entered the UK.

In England, businesses in freeports also have cheaper business rates, but in Wales that would be up to the Welsh government.

They also pay a lower rate of national insurance for new staff.

The argument in favour of freeports is that they create new jobs and attract investment.

But critics argue they do not create new jobs but simply encourage businesses to move from one location to another.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Ros Atkins on... the Russian social media videos appearing to show Kremlin drone attack

Explosions have been heard in Kyiv and other Ukrainian cities, a day after Russia accused Ukraine of carrying out a drone attack on the Kremlin.

Attacks were also reported in Zaporizhzhia and Odesa in the south.

The air strikes come as Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky is due to speak at The Hague as part of an unexpected visit to the Netherlands.

He will also visit the International Criminal Court, which is investigating alleged Russian war crimes in Ukraine.

Russia has accused Ukraine of attempting to assassinate President Vladimir Putin, but Mr Zelensky denied that his country carried out the attack.

On Wednesday, he said: "We don't attack Putin or Moscow. We fight on our territory. We are defending our villages and cities."

Mr Zelensky was speaking in Finland, where he made a surprise visit and met his Finnish counterpart Sauli Niinisto and the leaders of Sweden, Norway, Denmark and Iceland.

During his visit to the Netherlands, Mr Zelensky is expected to meet Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte. Dutch media said that the two were likely to discuss Mr Zelensky's demands for more military support - namely long-range weapons and fighter jets.

Last January, Mr Rutte said that supplying fighter jets was not taboo, although such a move would be "a really big next step".

Following the alleged drone attacks, Russia threatened to retaliate when and where it considered necessary.

On Wednesday, Russian strikes on Ukraine's southern Kherson region killed 21 people. Officials said that the victims included supermarket customers and employees of an energy company who were performing repairs.

And in the early hours of Thursday morning, air raid sirens rang out across many Ukrainian regions. Loud blasts were reported in Kyiv and Odesa.

At the same time, a drone hit an oil refinery in southern Russia, setting part of it on fire - the latest in a series of explosions, fires and drone attacks that have occurred in Russia in recent weeks.

Some commentators have argued that the alleged drone strike on the Kremlin was internally conducted and purposefully staged by Russia.

The Institute for the Study of War said it is "extremely unlikely that two drones could have penetrated multiple layers of air defence and detonated or been shot down just over the heart of the Kremlin in a way that provided spectacular imagery caught nicely on camera".

It said that "Russia likely staged this attack in an attempt to bring the war home to a Russian domestic audience and set conditions for a wider societal mobilisation".

Yurii Ihnat, a spokesman for the Ukrainian Air Force, said he thought Russia had staged the attack on the Kremlin to try to "show some kind of escalation on the part of Ukraine".

But other commentators disagreed, saying that Russia would have little interest in making itself look "weak" by staging an attack that makes the Kremlin look vulnerable.

It would also lead to questions about how well-protected Mr Putin is - and about the effectiveness of Russian air defences.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

At least 15 people have died after a bus carrying elderly people to a casino crashed into a truck in the Canadian province of Manitoba.

Police said the collision happened on the Trans-Canada Highway near Carberry, two hours west of Winnipeg.

At least 10 people, including the two drivers, have been taken to hospital.

Witness John Proven said he saw a burning vehicle in a ditch just after noon local time on Thursday. "I have never seen an accident that big."

Mr Proven said he also saw a semi-trailer lorry nearby with a burned front end.

In several tweets, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) in Manitoba said it was responding to a serious "mass casualty" collision and that all of its resources, including its major crime unit, had been deployed to the scene.

Emergency vehicles, including an air ambulance and 12 ambulances, were dispatched to the scene at 11:43 local time on Thursday (17:35 BST), the RCMP said at a press conference.

Most of the elderly people aboard were from Dauphin, Manitoba, and the surrounding areas. They were traveling to the Sand Hills Casino in the town of Carberry, which confirmed that the bus had been expected to arrive later in the day.

Those in hospital have "significant" injuries due to the force of the crash, officials said.

William Doherty, the CEO of Day & Ross trucking company - which was involved in the crash - told CTV News that "the thoughts of the entire Day & Ross team are with those who have lost loved ones in this terrible incident".

"We are holding out hope that those injured will recover," Mr Doherty added. "We will fully cooperate with the investigation and offer any assistance and support that we can."

Among those who have so far offered their condolences is Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.

"I'm keeping the injured in my thoughts," he said in a statement on Twitter. "I cannot imagine the pain those affected are feeling - but Canadians are here for you."

A spokesperson with the local air ambulance service told CBC News that the agency had deployed one of its largest responses ever to the crash.

"This is sort of in line with the similar large incidents that we responded to in the past, such as the tragedy with Humboldt Broncos," Blake Robert said, referring to a 2018 crash between a bus carrying a youth hockey team and a semi-trailer in Saskatchewan that led to the death of 16 people.

At a news conference on Thursday, RCMP Superintendent Rob Lasson said that officials in Manitoba had already " linked into the investigators in Saskatchewan who have first-hand experience and were some of the primary investigators in the investigation into the Humboldt crash".

Members of the Saskatchewan RCMP are now helping the investigation.

Huanan Seafood Market has been linked to the first cases of Covid-19

A research team in China has published analysis of samples taken more than three years ago from the market linked to the outbreak of Covid-19.

The Huanan seafood and wildlife market has been a focal point in the search for the origin of the coronavirus.

But this is the first peer-reviewed study of biological evidence gathered from the market back in 2020.

By linking the virus with animals sold in the market, it could open new lines of inquiry into how the outbreak began.

The research reveals swabs that tested positive for the virus also contained genetic material from wild animals.

Some scientists say this is further evidence that the disease was initially transmitted from an infected animal to a human.

But others have urged caution in interpreting the findings and it remains unclear why it took three years for the genetic content of the samples to be made public.

Another theory has centred on the suggestion that the virus accidentally leaked from a laboratory in Wuhan.

The Chinese research team posted an early version of their study online back in February 2022, but they did not publish the full genetic information that was contained in the samples gathered from the market.

In March this year, another international group of researchers shared their own assessment of what those crucial market swabs had revealed, after spotting that the genetic sequences had been posted on a scientific data-sharing website.

This new analysis, which has been validated by other scientists before being published in the journal Nature, includes more important detail about the content of those samples, which were collected from stalls, surfaces, cages and machinery inside the market.

Before the 2020 outbreak, scientists took photos of animals, including racoon dogs, being sold in the Huanan market

The Chinese research team's paper showed that some samples - collected from areas where wildlife was being sold - had tested positive for the virus.

Their analysis also showed that animals now known to be susceptible to the virus, particularly raccoon dogs, were being sold alive in those locations.

But the Chinese researchers have pointed out that their discoveries fall short of definitive proof of how the outbreak started.

"These environmental samples cannot prove that the animals were infected," the paper explains.

The possibility remains, it adds, that the virus was brought into the market by an infected person, rather than an animal.

Prof David Robertson, from the University of Glasgow, is a virologist who has been involved in the genetic investigation into the origin of SARS-CoV-2 since it emerged in 2020.

He told BBC News: "The most important thing is that this very important dataset is now published and available for others to work on."

But he added that the contents of the samples were "compelling evidence that animals there were probably infected with the virus".

"It's the whole body of evidence that's important," he said.

"When you bring this together with the fact that the early Covid-19 cases in Wuhan are linked to the market, it's strong evidence that this is where a spillover from an animal in the market occurred."

The published findings come amid signs that the lab leak theory is gaining ground among authorities in the US.

The Chinese government has strenuously denied suggestions that the virus originated in a scientific facility, but the FBI said it now believes that scenario is the "most likely", as does the US Department of Energy.

Various US departments and agencies have investigated the mystery and produced differing conclusions, but on 1 March the FBI's director accused Beijing of "doing its best to try to thwart and obfuscate", and disclosed the bureau had been convinced of the lab leak theory "for quite some time now".

The FBI has not made their findings public, which has frustrated some scientists.

The lead researcher of the new report, from the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention (China CDC) in Beijing, has been contacted by the BBC for comment.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The first minister said the UK government was trying to 'undermine devolution'

First Minister Humza Yousaf has accused the UK government of sabotaging a pilot recycling scheme by excluding glass.

Glass bottles were a key part of Scottish proposals for the deposit return scheme (DRS), due to start in March - ahead of other UK schemes.

The UK government agreed for the scheme to go ahead in Scotland, but said it wanted to ensure it "aligned" with plans in other nations.

The move casts doubt over whether the Scottish scheme can go ahead.

Mr Yousaf told the BBC: "They're not just trying to scupper the DRS - they're trying to undermine devolution. We've seen it multiple times.

"Not only is it bad in terms of devolution and self government, it's really poor for the environment. If we don't include glass that's 600 million bottles that won't be moved from our streets, our beaches and our parks."

The drinks industry previously shared concerns about the scheme's readiness

BBC Scotland's political editor Glenn Campbell said one source closely involved in the DRS had put the chances of it going ahead at 50/50.

The Scottish government is expected to take a couple of weeks to crunch the numbers before making a decision.

The scheme is aimed at increasing the number of single-use drinks bottles and cans that are recycled.

It means 20p will be added to the price of a single-use drinks container, which will be refunded to people who return it to a retailer or hospitality premises that offer single-use products.

The scheme was due to begin in August but was delayed following concerns from the drinks industry.

Some firms feared it would place extra costs and other burdens on them at a time when they are already struggling.

Similar UK initiatives are expected in 2025 - with proposals in Wales including glass bottles.

Because Scottish ministers wanted to introduce their scheme sooner, they had to seek an exemption from the Internal Market Act.

The legislation was brought in after Brexit in a bid to ensure smooth trade across the different nations of the UK.

There had been concerns that the timing of a Scottish scheme could create a trade barrier.

On Saturday morning the UK government confirmed it had accepted the Scottish government's request "on a temporary and limited basis".

The exemption from internal market rules lasts from the launch of the Scottish scheme until other planned schemes are in place in the rest of the UK.

Scotland's DRS will cover PET plastic, aluminium, and steel cans only.

A UK government spokesperson said: "Deposit return schemes need to be consistent across the UK and this is the best way to provide a simple and effective system.

"A system with the same rules for the whole UK will increase recycling collection rates and reduce litter - as well as minimise disruption to the drinks industry and ensure simplicity for consumers."

Mr Yousaf previously claimed it would be a "democratic outrage" for the UK government to agree to the DRS excluding glass.

However Scottish Conservative MSP Maurice Golden said the situation was a mess of the Scottish government's own making.

He said: "Rather than trying to pick a fight, the SNP and Greens must now accept this help to create a deposit return scheme that actually works for the people of Scotland."

Lorna Slater had urged Westminster to "do the right thing" and allow the scheme to go ahead

Scottish Greens co-leader Lorna Slater, who had been driving the introduction of the DRS, said the Scottish Parliament had been "treated with contempt".

The decision to exclude glass meant she would have to look "very seriously" at the viability of the Scottish scheme, she said.

Mr Yousaf added that millions of pounds had been spent on a scheme that proposed to include glass.

He said he did not want to go ahead with a scheme that excluded glass, but would look at the various options.

For it to work effectively, the Scottish deposit return scheme needs an exemption from the rules of the UK internal market act.

The Scottish government has asked for that and - on the face of it - their request has now been granted by the UK government. So what's the problem?

There are strings attached. A tangle of conditions including the exclusion of glass that make the Scottish government wonder whether their proposals are still viable.

UK ministers will argue they are acting on a practical basis, to ensure any Scottish scheme aligns with future developments in other parts of the UK.

There are certainly businesses that welcome their intervention and others that may have an axe to grind against government at some level, having shelled out to prepare for a scheme that would include glass.

To Scottish ministers this is a power play by the UK government - an outrageous interference in devolved decision making akin to the block on gender reform legislation and resistance to indyref2.

The British Soft Drinks Association (BSDA) has said the "only viable option now" was for a UK-wide initiative to be launched across all four nations in 2025.

Dougal Sharp, founder of brewer Innis and Gunn, said uncertainty over the scheme made things "brutal and impossible to plan".

Brewer Dougal Sharp said businesses had faced enough uncertainty in recent years

He said: "Businesses are already spending a lot of money on this scheme in Scotland. It just feels like another twist and a very shambolic scheme implementation.

"We've already seen it delayed from August. All of these delays inevitably lead to weakened consumer confidence and particularly business confidence.

"Businesses cannot plan in this environment. Businesses are struggling to survive and this is absolutely the last thing we need at the moment."

If you are not sure about the potential charges, please ask your mobile network provider. You may find some costs are included in your existing price plan or that you can opt for a data package that gives reduced charges for accessing the internet.

The US Navy detected sounds "consistent with an implosion" shortly after OceanGate's Titan submersible lost contact, a navy official has said.

Five people were aboard the vessel when it went missing during a dive to the Titanic wreck on Sunday.

The loss of the sub was confirmed after a huge search mission.

The official told CBS News their information about the "acoustic anomaly" had been used by the US Coast Guard to narrow the search area.

According to CNN, it was deemed to be "not definitive" and therefore the search and rescue mission continued.

Earlier on Thursday, Rear Adm Mauger of the Coast Guard confirmed that all five people aboard Titan had been killed following what was probably a "catastrophic implosion", based on patterns of debris discovered.

However, he said no sounds had been detected during the search mission that were consistent with this.

"We've had sonar buoys in the water nearly continuously and have not detected any catastrophic events when those sonar buoys have been in the water."

On Wednesday, the US Coast Guard confirmed that a Canadian P-3 aircraft had detected "underwater noises" in a search area for the missing vessel.

This brought new hope that the Titan's crew might be found alive and caused the Coast Guard to relocate operations.

According to CBS, those noises are now thought to have been coming from other ships in the area.

Paul Hankin, an undersea expert, said the first indication that the sub might have imploded came after a large debris field was found on Thursday.

"Essentially we found five different major pieces of debris that told us that it was the remains of the Titan," he said.

Efforts are continuing to map the debris field and to search the sea floor around the Titanic.

Contact with the vessel was lost about an hour and 45 minutes into its dive nearly a week ago. Titanic's wreck lies some 435 miles (700km) south of St John's, Newfoundland.

Aboard the vessel was British billionaire businessman Hamish Harding, who had written on social media ahead of the dive that it was taking place because a "weather window" had opened up,

He said that because of the "worst winter in Newfoundland in 40 years" the mission was "likely to be the first and only manned mission to the Titanic in 2023".

British father and son Shahzada and Suleman Dawood were also part of the crew. They were from one of Pakistan's richest families.

OceanGate CEO Stockton Rush also died on Titan, alongside former French navy diver Paul-Henry Nargeolet.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: How the story of the Titan sub unfolded... in 90 seconds

Scott Benton has been filmed by undercover reporters appearing to explain how companies and MPs can avoid registering corporate hospitality.

The MP was suspended by the Tory Party after The Times published a video of him offering to lobby for a fake firm.

In a fresh story on the same meeting, he appears to suggest that firms can put falsely low values on tickets they offer for live sports and other events.

Commons rules require MPs to disclose hospitality worth £300 or more.

Mr Benton joked racing tickets he had accepted often came to £295.

The Blackpool South MP, who chairs an all-party group with links to the gambling industry, has declared only one race meeting since he was elected in 2019.

This was a visit to Ascot in 2021 worth £1,400, funded by the Betting and Gaming Council, an industry lobbying group.

Speaking to the undercover reporters, who were posing as investors in the gambling industry, he said: "A lot of companies try to be quite cute about the level of the hospitality to make sure it falls just under [£300], so people don't have to declare it.

"It normally works for the company, and it normally works for MPs as well.

"Without saying too much, you'd be amazed at the number of times I've been to races and the ticket comes to £295," he was filmed saying, and laughing.

The MPs' code of conduct says members must register gifts, benefits or hospitality "with a value of over £300 which they receive from a UK source".

The BBC has not seen the full, unedited video of Mr Benton's meeting with the reporters. He has been approached for fresh comment.

According to the Times - but not in its video posted online - he also told its reporters: "I probably shouldn't say this, but essentially all MPs are looking for is an email chain saying this is how much a ticket cost, so if we get caught out it's like, well the company told me it cost this much.

"And essentially what you [the company] paid for is nobody else's business."

Mr Benton is also said by the paper to have suggested MPs can help companies who give them hospitality.

"Most would, especially if the ask wasn't too onerous, which would be 'Can you try and find out X, Y and Z from members of staff, file a parliamentary question, or submit this question next time oral questions come up in the House of Commons".

This section also does not appear in the video posted online.

Mr Benton was suspended as a Tory MP after referring himself to the parliamentary standards commissioner on Wednesday.

This followed a Times report that he was offered a paid advisory role by the undercover reporters.

He did not pursue the role and no specific rules appear to have been broken, though the code of conduct says MPs should "never undertake any action which would cause significant damage to the reputation and integrity of the House of Commons as a whole, or of its Members generally".

Mr Benton was secretly filmed saying he could table parliamentary questions and leak a confidential policy paper.

Some MPs have declared hospitality under £300 - including Tory backbencher Peter Bone and Labour's shadow culture secretary Lucy Powell.

Mr Benton has not declared any hospitality provided by gambling companies in the past year. He has declared £700 worth of hospitality for the Championship play-off final from the English Football League.

MPs and members of the House of Lords routinely accept gifts and hospitality from companies, individuals, charities and other organisations.

This is not against the rules, provided they declare it in the register of members interests.

The gambling industry is one of the biggest spenders on corporate hospitality at Westminster.

According to BBC analysis, MPs have accepted at least £51,000 from gambling companies over the past year.

In all but one case, this was through donations of tickets and hospitality to events including sports events and concerts. MPs attended concerts by Ed Sheeran and Adele, a Championship playoff match at Wembley, and Cheltenham Races for free.

The donations were declared by 22 Conservative MPs, 13 Labour MPs and one independent.

Health workers have been trying to get rid of stagnant water where the mosquitoes that transmit dengue breed

The authorities in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro have declared a health emergency as they try to contain the spread of dengue fever.

The incidents of the mosquito-borne disease quadrupled in Brazil in January compared to the same month last year.

Rio has registered 10,000 cases so far this year, compared to 23,000 for the whole of 2023.

Dengue can cause a fever, severe headache, pain behind the eyes, muscle and joint pain, and a blotchy rash.

A dengue vaccine developed by the Japanese company Takeda was approved by Brazil's health regulator last year, but has not yet been widely distributed.

Eder Gatti of Brazil's health ministry said the number of doses the public health service had received from the Japanese laboratory were limited. The government therefore plans to prioritise large municipalities with high dengue transmission rates.

Meanwhile, Rio city hall announced it would open 10 treatment centres for people with dengue.

Daniel Soranz, the city's health secretary, said the aim was to reduce the number of serious cases and deaths caused by the infection. "Early treatment makes all the difference," he said.

Health officials have also urged people to prevent being bitten by mosquitos by applying repellent.

Brazil's Health Minister Nísia Trindade has urged people to make sure they check their homes and get rid of any stagnant water, where the mosquitos which transmit dengue breed.

Fumigators are spraying some of the worst affected areas and public health announcements will be made at the Sambadrome, the venue where Rio's famous samba schools parade in front of judges to be crowned winner of this year's Carnival parade.

Rio is not the only place to declare a health emergency due to the increase in dengue cases. The federal district and the states of Minas Gerais, Acre and Goiás already took the step over the past weeks.

The health secretary of Minas Gerias, Fabio Baccheretti, blamed high temperatures for the quick spread of the viral infection Brazil has been experiencing in recent months.

"The record temperatures at the end of last year, with the El Niño phenomenon, are a new and determining factor," he told AFP news agency.

The problem is not confined to Brazil either. Argentina has also seen a spike in dengue cases.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: The battle for Bakhmut, a city in Ukraine's eastern Donbas region, rages on

Ukraine has drawn a line in the dirt, and that line is Bakhmut. It is a city that few say matters strategically, but that tens of thousands have died fighting over. It began more than seven months ago, and is the longest battle of the war so far.

Two Ukrainian army brigades defending the city's southern flank gave the BBC access to their positions last week as fierce fighting continued in and around Bakhmut. The men have spent months facing both regular Russian army forces, and prisoners recruited by the Wagner private military group who have swarmed their trenches in droves. Troops say Russian casualties far outweigh theirs, but the enemy is deploying new techniques to try to seize the city and surrounding countryside.

Ukraine's forces are outgunned and outnumbered, but on a chalk hillside to the south, there is the anti-tank group from the 3rd Separate Assault Brigade. 3Storm - as they are known - are unyielding. They've dug trenches deep into the earth. Timber props supporting the roof shudder as Russian artillery lands in the near distance, and field mice scurry along duck boards. An antiquated field telephone sits in a wooden nook; these are conditions their grandfathers would recognise.

"They cannot get to us, we can see for a kilometre in all directions," says a bearded 26-year-old soldier who goes by the call sign "Dwarf", pointing out Russian positions. "We can hit the enemy with everything we have," he says.

The 26-year-old goes by the call sign "Dwarf" as he's a big Lord of the Rings fan - although the name on the body armour actually translates as "Gnome"

Neither the Russian nor Ukrainian armies release official casualty figures for Bakhmut, or elsewhere, but the mostly abandoned city has become a slaughter house.

In a week fighting for the city, Dwarf's company faced conscripted prisoners from Russia's Wagner group. "We had battles every two hours," he says. "I guess a single company eliminated 50 people per day." In case of any doubt, he points out these numbers were confirmed by aerial reconnaissance. "The [Russian vehicle] arrives, 50 bodies come out, a day passes, 50 bodies come out again," he says. His company lost a fraction of that number, he says.

Officially, Ukraine estimates that for every one of its soldiers killed, Russia loses seven. Earlier this week, Russia said it had killed more than 220 Ukrainian service members in a 24-hour period in the battle for Bakhmut. None of these numbers can be independently verified.

In a newspaper interview, two captured Wagner conscripts told the Wall Street Journal that before they are sent forward, they receive little training beyond learning to crawl through forests in the dark. After six months serving at the front they are freed - assuming they survive.

Conditions all along the 600-mile-long eastern front have begun to change. 3Storm's chalky hilltop hideout feels like dry land compared with the surrounding territory. An early spring has turned the hard ground of winter to mud porridge - which may favour the defenders. To get there, we had to follow the Ukrainian soldiers on foot - within a few paces my boots become lumpen and heavy with thick dirt. A battlefield ambulance speeds by unsteadily, its caterpillar tracks ploughing up the ground, and spraying pools of sludge as it struggles for grip.

The villages around here - the location can't be revealed - are in ruin. Handwritten signs on gates, mostly in Russian, announce "People Live Here", a plea as much as it is a statement. But the streets are entirely empty, apart from abandoned dogs who roam the ruins of destroyed farms and homes.

For the past two months, Russian forces have steadily advanced, trying to encircle Bakhmut. The commander of Ukrainian ground forces, General Oleksandr Syrsky, says his forces will continue to resist. "Every day of steadfast resistance wins us valuable time to reduce the enemy's offensive capabilities," he says, sending more reinforcements to the area. But it isn't only Russians who have fallen into the Bakhmut trap. Ukrainians are dying there, too, in ever increasing numbers.

On the hillside, a group of soldiers have gathered around a gun position, and I ask Dwarf - given that Ukraine is losing soldiers to untrained Russian convicts - if the defence of dead city, surrounded by the enemy, makes sense.

He says, "I was wondering, myself, if we should keep defending Bakhmut. On the one hand what's happening here now is awful. There are no words to describe it. But the alternative is we give up Bakhmut and move to another settlement. What's the difference between defending Bakhmut or any other village?"

His comrade, a strongly built man with a full dark beard who goes by the call sign Holm, agrees. "It's not a strategic question for us here. We are ordinary soldiers. But this is our land. We may then retreat to Chasiv Yar, from Chasiv Yar to Slovyansk, and so we retreat up to Kyiv. Let it take a year or two, four, five - but we have to fight for every piece of our land."

The men have been fighting for more than a year now, and they say the Russians are evolving.

"They are learning, they are getting cleverer, and it really freaks me out," says Dwarf. "They send out a group - five morons taken from prison. They are shot, but the enemy sees where you are, walks around, and you are surrounded from behind."

Holm chimes in that Russia is now using drones armed with grenades more effectively. "We used to drop them and freak them out," he says. "Now they're dropping drone grenades on our positions."

Before the war, Dwarf was an outdoor youth worker and would take youngsters hiking in the Carpathian Mountains on the country's western edge. Here on Ukraine's eastern front, that is a far-off memory. He's been in many battles since then, but the horror of Bakhmut is what lives with him now.

When I ask about Wagner's convict army, he pauses to think and says, "I'll be honest. It's genius. Cruel, immoral, but effective tactics. It worked out. And it's still working in Bakhmut."

Soviet-era UAZ jeep makes it way through the mud

Days later, I'm back in the same area, crammed with four others into a Soviet-era UAZ jeep. Its steering wheel has the BMW logo - a joke says the driver, Oleg. He says little else as he grips the wheel and concentrates hard as the car whines and struggles over hills and through the shoals of muck. The automatic gunfire ahead signals we are nearing the 28th Mechanised Brigade, who are directly facing the Russians.

The landscape of war shifts in an instant - the men are holed up in a small wood, its trees shattered and split by Russian fire. In a month, the wood will offer them cover. For now, its bare branches expose them to surveillance drones. Nearby there's an exchange of gunfire, and Russian shells strike around 500m away. But Borys, a 48-year-old former architect who is serving now as a captain, seems untroubled.

"Today's war is a drone war," he says, "but we can walk around freely, because there's wind and rain today and drones are blown away. If it was quiet today, both our drones and our enemy's would be hovering over us."

On the way back, Oleg brings the jeep to a sudden halt. Lying in the dirt in front of us is a drone that has been blown off course. Its battery is quickly removed and it is brought inside - it turns out to be Ukrainian.

But today's war isn't so very different from the past.

Two nights before, the 28th Brigade was attacked by Russian infantry and tanks. In a timbered gun position below ground, the cold rain drips through the roof onto the dirt floor, and there, peering out into the bare landscape, is a Maxim belt-fed machine gun with stout iron wheels.

"It only works when there is a massive attack going on…then it really works," says Borys. "So we use it every week".

And this is how the battle for Bakhmut is being fought, as winter turns to spring in 21st Century Europe. A 19th Century weapon still mows down men by the score in the black Ukrainian earth.

Emile Soleil had been dropped off at his grandparents' house hours before he went missing

Almost nine months after a two-and-a-half year-old boy disappeared in a tiny village in the French Alps, some of his bones have been found by a hiker in an area that had already been searched.

Detectives now have to find out whether Emile Soleil's death was an accident or if he was the victim of a crime.

His unexplained disappearance in Haut-Vernet shocked France last July.

The discovery of his remains more than 1km away came days after police returned to re-enact what had happened.

A communique from local prosecutors did not specify which bones had been found, but they were understood to include Emile's skull and some teeth. Forensic teams are now searching for the rest of his body.

Local Mayor François Balique said he was very sad at the discovery and his thoughts were with Emile's parents. "It will take a long time to recover from this disappearance and death," he told French radio.

Emile had only just been dropped off to stay at his grandparents' holiday home when he vanished in the Alpine hamlet on the slopes of the Massif des Trois-Evêchés mountain range. Only 25 people live in Haut-Vernet, at an altitude of 1,200m (4,000ft), and his parents were not there when he disappeared.

The last sighting of the child, wearing a yellow t-shirt and white shorts, was at 17:15 local time on 8 July by two neighbours who saw him walking by himself in the only street in the village but then said they had "lost sight of him".

Police were alerted by his grandmother shortly afterwards. Hundreds of people joined police with sniffer-dogs in a search the following day and two investigating judges were quickly appointed to the case, which was by then a major national story.

Emile's disappearance soon became a criminal inquiry into a potential abduction, although detectives did not have any further leads into what had happened.

The boy's parents, who are religious Catholics, said they feared the worst but told a Christian website they still hoped for a miracle.

His mother made a public appeal in November, marking what would have been Emile's third birthday. If he was still alive, she appealed for his safe return, but if he was dead, she asked that he be handed back for burial.

Only 25 people live in Haut-Vernet where Emile disappeared

Last Thursday investigators returned to Haut-Vernet, summoning 17 people including members of Emile's family, neighbours and witnesses, to reconstruct the last sightings of the boy.

French reports have focused on the boy's 58-year-old maternal grandfather, but his lawyer said she hoped investigators would not "waste too much time on him to the detriment of other lines of inquiry".

Then, on Saturday, a woman found the bones in an area that police said had been searched several times by local residents, police and helicopters with thermal cameras. Forensic scientists announced on Sunday that the DNA matched Emile's.

"This heart-breaking news was feared, and the time has come for mourning, contemplation and prayer," the child's parents said in a statement.

Police are investigating why the small skull had not been detected earlier. A local woman is said to have made the find while walking in a steep, wooded area that is not easy to access and then handed it over to local gendarmes (military police).

Marie-Laure Pezant, a spokeswoman for the gendarmerie told French TV that the bones could have been placed there by a person or even an animal, or they could even have been shifted by changing weather conditions.

Equally, police are not ruling out the possibility that his remains were missed during searches last summer because of the dense undergrowth at the time.

"Is that where he disappeared? Is that where he took his last breath, nobody knows," said Mayor François Balique. "In any case I have no idea, but the judicial inquiry will no doubt be able to find that out."

Sniffer-dogs have been searching the area for more remains and dozens of police are guarding the site to prevent a potential crime scene being contaminated in any way by hikers.

"We're looking for any trace and any clue," police commander Pierre-Yves Bardy told reporters on Monday, adding that the search would go on for as long as necessary.

A source told Le Figaro newspaper of their frustration that the woman had picked up the skull: "It would have been better if she hadn't touched anything."

Last updated on .From the section Rugby Union

England sealed a Six Nations Grand Slam in front of a record women's crowd of 58,498 at Twickenham, holding on for victory against France on a landmark day for the sport.

After a nervy start, Helena Rowland broke free in midfield and Abby Dow tore down the right wing to score and further fuel the already festival-like atmosphere in the London sun.

With the hosts seemingly settled, four more tries followed for a 33-0 half-time lead in England women's first standalone Test at the ground.

That proved enough to secure a fifth Six Nations title in a row, but the Red Roses could not push on after the break and it was France who scored five tries to their one.

The announcement of the attendance - surpassing the previous mark of 42,579 set at the 2022 World Cup final in New Zealand - breathed joy back into the air and Twickenham was on its feet dancing to celebrate at full-time.

In Simon Middleton's last game as head coach, England bounced back from a heart-breaking World Cup final defeat by New Zealand less than six months ago.

It was a familiar line-up for a Women's Six Nations Grand Slam decider, but Twickenham gameday had a whole new feel.

Travelling to the ground, a smattering of England shirts at various stations across London became a swarm on the slow march to the stadium - a sight never before seen for a women's game.

Initial England nerves led to a cagey, kicking-heavy gameplan and early penalties conceded by the hosts in dangerous positions.

France's Jessy Tremouliere missed a kick at goal and when she kicked the next penalty to the corner, England heaved France's maul backwards and eventually won possession on the floor.

The visitors' steely attack was met with physical England defence and, against the run of play, the Red Roses got on the scoreboard in the 18th minute.

Rowland tore into France's half, propelled by a wall of sound she would never have experienced in her career before, but looked to be out on her own.

England quickly flicked the ball right and found wing Dow - the Red Roses' perpetual superstar.

No amount of nerves could stop her from scoring, leaving the stadium quite literally bouncing.

Settled and with the floodgates open, Holly Aitchison put in-form centre Tatyana Heard through a gap and when England captain Marlie Packer then got her hands on the ball, even three France defenders could not bring her down.

The retiring Tremouliere had time for one last yellow card of her career, sin-binned in the 32nd minute for a deliberate knock-on and Alex Matthews was soon over off the back of a dominant scrum.

Then, France prop Rose Bernadou joined Tremouliere in the sin-bin for an infringement at the breakdown which gave England a penalty try.

It had largely been England's backs - corralled by scrum-half Lucy Packer's controlled performance - delivering the points courtesy of the Red Roses' brawn up front.

But Sarah Beckett showed the pack had deft feet too as she cut a neat line inside and sent lock partner Zoe Aldcroft into space to score before half-time.

Any thoughts of a possible record score against France to match the record crowd were soon snuffed out as Emilie Boulard's try kicked off a bombardment.

England showed cracks in their defence and discipline and Gabrielle Vernier exploited the crevices, nipping through a gap and across the tryline to bamboozled murmurs from the crowd.

With the try tap seemingly turned off, England had to weather the pressure and did just that as they doggedly worked through phases in France's half.

When all else fails, the Red Roses have a deadly maul and that is where they turned for their sixth try as Lark Davies touched down.

Still France kept going, as Charlotte Escudero scored off a line-out and both Emeline Gros and Cyrielle Banet snuck across the tryline in the final four minutes, with England apparently already celebrating their victory.

The Red Roses' earlier work was enough to secure a fitting end as they claimed their 12th win in a row against France, a 100th win in the Six Nations and departing coach Middleton's sixth title in the tournament.

Captain Marlie Packer raised the newly designed trophy aloft as the vast majority of fans stayed behind to celebrate on a historic day at Twickenham.

'I am super proud' - what they said

England captain Marlie Packer told BBC Two: "I am super proud. The whole squad in this Six Nations has got us to where we are today and it is amazing.

"We knew France would be tough, they played to the 80th minute and kept asking questions of us, so credit to them.

"Simon's team talk just then had me in tears. He has been amazing for what he has done for women's rugby."

'An exceptional day I will never forget'

England head coach Simon Middleton on his final match in charge: "You couldn't wish for more than this. It's been an honour and privilege to do this job. I have been very lucky.

"The girls should be massively proud of what they are doing. I am so proud.

"To produce a game like that on a stage like this is everything that is good about the game. It's been incredible. It's a great learning experience that second half and they will continue to grow.

"This game has given me more than I've ever dreamed of. It's been an exceptional day that I will never forget.

"You live for moments like lifting the trophy."

'The sky is the limit'

England flanker Sadia Kabeya: "It's been an absolutely amazing tournament and today we got the result we needed in front of a brilliant crowd. It's been an amazing day at Twickenham.

"It was definitely a game of two halves but we stuck to it and our gameplan.

"The only way is up for us. With the players we have coming through, the sky is the limit."

Last updated on .From the section Tennis

Coverage: Live across BBC TV, radio and online with extensive coverage on BBC iPlayer, Red Button, Connected TVs and mobile app. More coverage details

British number five Liam Broady caused arguably the biggest shock at this year's Wimbledon with a remarkable five-set win over Norwegian fourth seed Casper Ruud on a frenzied Centre Court.

Katie Boulter, Britain's top-ranked woman, also reached the last 32 as she continues to thrive in the spotlight.

His second-round victory came shortly after Boulter beat Bulgaria's Viktoriya Tomova 6-0 3-6 6-3 in her match.

Later, British former world number one Andy Murray plays Greek fifth seed Stefanos Tsitsipas in a blockbuster final match on Centre Court.
• None Live TV, text and radio coverage of day four at Wimbledon

Broady told mum to 'chill out' - and remains calm himself

When Broady last played on Centre Court in 2016, he was beaten by eventual champion Murray in what he described as a "slapping".

This occasion on the iconic Wimbledon show court could not have been a more different experience for the world number 142 - or a more different outcome.

In an entertaining post-match interview, Broady joked he told his mum - who he said is usually a nervous watcher - to "chill out" because he had already won £85,000 this week by reaching the second round.

But the manner in which he fought back to seal a memorable victory - staying composed and being clinical - suggested he had also heeded his own advice.

Left-hander Broady looked in trouble when he fell two-sets-to-one down against Ruud, but produced a stirring fightback - combining grit and guile - to stun an opponent who has played in three of the past five Grand Slam finals.

Broady broke at the start of the fourth set to renew his hopes - and those of the home crowd - nervelessly negotiating the rest of his service games to level the match and force a decider.

Ruud has lost in the past two French Open finals, as well as the US Open showpiece last year, but has never got to grips with the grass courts.

Last year he famously joked the surface was only suitable for golf and Broady, further growing in confidence, made him feel even more uncomfortable.

The Briton, who also reached the third round at the All England Club last year, moved a double break ahead in the fifth set as Ruud's body language became increasingly negative.

Broady rattled off 11 points in a row - holding to love and then breaking for a third time in the set - to leave him on the verge of his first career win over a top-10 opponent in front of a boisterous crowd.

A colourful character who often gets animated on court, Broady knew this was the time where he needed to maintain his focus and produced a composed hold sealed with a crisp forehand winner down the line.

Broady cupped his ears in celebration as the 15,000 home fans erupted, asking them for even more noise when he skipped back into the middle to absorb the plaudits on the greatest day of his career.

In the third round he will face Canadian 26th seed Denis Shapovalov.

Boulter, 26, was the first home player through to the third round, roaring with delight and breaking out into a beaming smile when she took her third match point against 99th-ranked Tomova.

The celebration showed her delight at reaching the third round for the second successive year and relief at eventually getting over the line following a tense service game.

Boulter is the only British woman left in the singles draw and will play defending champion Elena Rybakina next.

"It definitely wasn't easy out there but I kept backing myself and telling myself to go for it. It paid off," said Boulter, who hit 37 winners against Tomova and converted five of 15 break points.

"She is a top player and I expected her to come back with an even better game. She definitely did and made me play more balls.

"I tried to be as aggressive as possible and managed to do that at the start of the third set."

In front of a buoyant crowd on court 12, Boulter enjoyed another memorable day in a British grass-court season in which she has climbed back into the world's top 100.

Now ranked 89th, she is the leading home hope in the women's singles, having replaced Emma Raducanu - who is missing the event after wrist and ankle surgeries - as British number one.

Success in Nottingham, where she won her first WTA title, meant Boulter came into Wimbledon full of confidence that she could produce another strong showing on the biggest stage of all.

Thriving under the spotlight, she has matched last year's run to the third round.

Whether Boulter can go even further remains to be seen, and Rybakina will be a considerable step up in class on the other side of the net.

"I think I'm playing really well. I've played a lot of matches on the grass. I feel very comfortable," Boulter added.

"A lot of it is my self-belief. A lot of matches recently I've really drawn from it to help me get over the line. I definitely did that again."
• None Alerts: Get tennis news sent to your phone
• None Watch all episodes of We Hunt Together on BBC iPlayer
• None Meet the most iconic tennis players of the 1970s and 1980s

Former prime minister Liz Truss has been speaking on a visit to the Queen Elizabeth Hospital (QEH) in King's Lynn

Liz Truss has admitted she "didn't do everything perfectly" while UK prime minister for just 45 days last year.

The South West Norfolk MP has told the BBC she had been trying to "turn around an economy" by increasing borrowing in her mini budget.

Speaking on a visit to the Queen Elizabeth Hospital (QEH) in King's Lynn, she said she now had more time to "fight for her constituents".

She refused to apologise for increasing national borrowing.

Ms Truss was UK premier for 45 days in 2022, the shortest serving prime minister in British history.

Speaking to the BBC, she said she had been "trying to turn around an economy that wasn't growing" and deal with serious issues such as those in the NHS and the energy crisis.

"I didn't do everything perfectly and I fully acknowledge that," she said, "but I think I tried to deal with the real issues we were facing."

Liz Truss has been the MP for South West Norfolk since 2010

She declined to apologise for the increase in national borrowing and interest rates following her mini budget, instead insisting the rates would have gone up anyway.

"I've said I could have communicated better, but... the general trend internationally has been interest rates rising," she said.

"We've been through a period of very, very, low interest rates since the end of the financial crisis and setting the interest rate policy is a matter for the Bank of England and they have been putting rates up, as has the Federal Reserve in the US.

"It's easy to point fingers but we were facing a very difficult situation.

"People were very concerned about the cost of their energy bills and their taxes."

Ms Truss inspected the supports holding up the hospital's ageing roof

Last week, Ms Truss was reselected by the South West Norfolk Conservative Association (SWNCA) to stand as a candidate at the next general election. She has represented the safe Conservative seat since May 2010.

She told BBC East she now has "more time to contribute locally" and "fight for constituents" and the services and infrastructure they need.

"That's why I'm here at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital," she said.

"We desperately need a new hospital. The fact is, this one is falling apart, we can see there are stilts holding it up... the roof doesn't work.

"I'm pushing very hard. I'm seeing Jeremy Hunt next week to try and get the commitment to funding this hospital in the budget."

The South West Norfolk MP said she "wants to use experience from inside government" to help her constituents

Ms Truss also wants to fight for better dental services in Norfolk, to try to broker an agreement with local councillors over devolution and make the argument, within the Conservative party, for lower taxes.

"I want to use my experience from inside government," she said.

"I know I got some things right and some things wrong, but I do know how it works and I want to contribute to the future of our country."

She also confirmed she has no plans to try to lead the Conservatives again.

"I've been there I've got the T-shirt," she said.

"I am not interested in running for it again... what I want is a Conservative party that reflects the values of all members across the country."

Find BBC News: East of England on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. If you have a story suggestion email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Security guards at Heathrow Airport's Terminal Five are to strike for 10 days from 31 March in a dispute over pay.

The Unite union says more than 1,400 of its members employed by Heathrow will walk out in a period which covers the school Easter holidays.

Workers at T5, used by British Airways and those who check cargo entering the airport, will take part in the action, ending on Easter Sunday.

Heathrow says contingency plans will be put in place to keep the airport open.

In a statement, Heathrow said passengers can be assured the airport will be "open and operational despite unnecessary threats of strike action by Unite".

The company said it had proposed "an inflation-beating 10% increase in pay".

But Unite says the offer does not make up for years of pay freezes and cuts.

Unite union secretary general Sharon Graham says workers at Heathrow Airport are on "poverty wages" while "the chief executive and senior managers enjoy huge salaries".

She said Unite members are "simply unable to make ends meet due to the low wages" and they are striking "due to need not greed".

"It is the airport's workers who are fundamental to its success and they deserve a fair pay increase," the Unite boss said.

It comes as more than 1,000 Passport Office workers announced they would go on strike for five weeks over a dispute about jobs, pay and conditions.

Members of the Public and Commercial Services union working across England, Scotland and Wales will walk out from 3 April to 5 May.

Meanwhile, those working in Belfast will strike from 7 April to 5 May.

The union warned of delays to applications and the delivery of passports in the run-up to summer, adding that the strike action was being targeted to cause mass disruption.

According to travel expert Simon Calder, at peak times - which includes April - the Passport Office can receive 250,000 applications per week. It means that more than one million applications could be sent during the strike period.

News of the strike has given rise to fears passports will not be processed in time for some people's holidays this summer.

The Home Office said it was disappointed with PCS's decision to walk out, adding that the strike does not affect its guidance which is still to allow up to 10 weeks to get a passport, with preparations under way to meet demand.

When the strike takes place at Heathrow T5 from 31 March, the airport will likely need to move resources from other areas.

The airport says the wage proposal on offer is fair, and "threatening to ruin people's hard-earned holidays with strike action will not improve the deal".

It said staff at Heathrow are paid at least the London Living Wage, while the starting salary for a security officer would be £27,754, plus shift pay and allowances, if its 10% offer is accepted.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Search and rescue efforts are continuing in Mississippi after a deadly tornado hit the US state.

At least 25 people have died in the state, and one in Alabama, with dozens more left injured by Friday's tornado.

The storms devastated several rural towns, with Rolling Fork in western Sharkey County almost completely wiped out.

Mississippi state governor Tate Reeves has declared a state of emergency to help respond to the damage.

US President Joe Biden also described the images coming out of Mississippi as "heartbreaking", and said the federal government would "do everything we can to help".

"We will be there as long as it takes. We will work together to deliver the support you need to recover," he said in a statement.

More storms are predicted to hit parts of Alabama and Georgia early on Sunday and potentially bring large hail.

The storm system which ripped through Mississippi produced a tornado that has caused catastrophic damage to communities across the state. The biggest twister obliterated dozens of buildings in several small towns, flipping cars on their sides and toppling power lines.

The small town of Rolling Fork, located in Sharkey County in western Mississippi, has essentially been wiped out, according to its mayor.

"My city is gone," Mayor Eldridge Walker told CNN. "But we're resilient and we're going to come back."

He added that lots of families in his community were "affected and hurting", and all he could see was "devastation".

Rolling Fork residents said windows were blown out of the back of their homes.

Local resident Brandy Showah told CNN: "I've never seen anything like this... This was a very great small town, and now it's gone."

Drone footage of Rolling Fork, shared with the BBC, shows the devastation inflicted on the town. Trucks and trees are shown piled on top of buildings, with detritus scattered over large areas.

Cornel Knight told the Associated Press that he, his wife and their three-year-old daughter were at a relative's home in Rolling Fork and that it was "eerily quiet" just before the tornado struck. He said the sky was dark but "you could see the direction from every transformer that blew".

He said the tornado struck another relative's house, where a wall collapsed and trapped several people inside.

Mississippi state governor Tate Reeves has visited Silver City and Winona to meet with affected residents who had been hit by the tornado's fury.

Sharing an update on Twitter, Mr Reeves described the situation as a "tragedy", writing: "We are blessed with brave, capable responders and loving neighbours. Please continue to pray."

It is not yet clear whether one or several tornadoes hit the area on Friday night. Although yesterday the National Weather Service warned that several tornadoes were forecast, it is possible the devastation was caused by a "skipping tornado" - a single twister that lifts from the surface only to touch down again.

Sam Emmerson from the School of Meteorology at the University of Oklahoma said that the "extremely high-calibre" tornado lofted debris above 30,000ft (9144m).

One local weather forecaster, concerned at the strength of a tornado about to hit the town of Amory, momentarily paused his TV forecast to offer a prayer for the residents of the town.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Devastation after Tornadoes roll across Mississippi and Alabama

Have you been affected by the tornado or the storms? Only if it is safe to do so, share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Danish reporters film armed men on guard as they approach the Admiral Vladimirsky

Russia has a programme to sabotage wind farms and communication cables in the North Sea, according to new allegations.

The details come from a joint investigation by public broadcasters in Denmark, Norway, Sweden and Finland.

It says Russia has a fleet of vessels disguised as fishing trawlers and research vessels in the North Sea.

They carry underwater surveillance equipment and are mapping key sites for possible sabotage.

The BBC understands that UK officials are aware of Russian vessels moving around UK waters as part of the programme.

The first of a series of reports is due to be broadcast on Wednesday by DR in Denmark, NRK in Norway, SVT in Sweden and Yle in Finland.

The report focuses on a Russian vessel called the Admiral Vladimirsky

A Danish counter-intelligence officer says the sabotage plans are being prepared in case of a full conflict with the West while the head of Norwegian intelligence told the broadcasters the programme was considered highly important for Russia and controlled directly from Moscow.

The broadcasters say they have analysed intercepted Russian communications which indicate so-called ghost ships sailing in Nordic waters which have turned off the transmitters so as not to reveal their locations.

The report focuses on a Russian vessel called the Admiral Vladimirsky. Officially, this is an Expeditionary Oceanographic Ship, or underwater research vessel. But the report alleges that it is in fact a Russian spy ship.

The documentary uses an anonymous former UK Royal Navy expert to track the movements of the vessel in the vicinity of seven wind farms off the coast of the UK and the Netherlands on one mission.

It says the vessel slows down when it approaches areas where there are wind farms and loiters in the area. It says it sailed for a month with its transmitter turned off.

When a reporter approached the ship on a small boat, he was confronted by a masked individual carrying what appeared to be a military assault rifle.

The same ship was reportedly sighted off the Scottish coast last year. It was spotted entering the Moray Firth on 10 November and seen about 30 nautical miles east of Lossiemouth, home to the RAF's Maritime Patrol Aircraft fleet before heading slowly west.

The BBC understands that UK officials are aware of Russian intent to conduct what is known as undersea mapping, including using boats that move around in UK waters.

If there are specific threats against the UK these would be investigated, but sources declined to say what activity might have been looked at so far.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by H I Sutton This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

In February, Dutch intelligence issued an unusual official warning about activity that could indicate preparation for disruption or sabotage of marine infrastructure. The head of the country's military intelligence said a Russian ship had been detected near a wind farm in the North Sea and was mapping out sites.

"We saw in recent months Russian actors tried to uncover how the energy system works in the North Sea. It is the first time we have seen this," General Jan Swillens said.

Reconnaissance of sensitive sites is not unusual and Western countries will likely be carrying out similar activity against Russia. The intention is likely to have a series of options available should a conflict escalate.

One option might be to damage communications or take down countries' power systems to cause chaos.

So far the evidence of actual sabotage rather than just intelligence gathering for the possibility is more limited.

On Wednesday, Russian officials dismissed the claims in the documentary as baseless, AFP news agency reported.

The filmmakers approached Russian ambassadors in four Nordic countries for comment - but only Norway's responded.

Teimuraz Ramishvili told them that Norwegian authorities had made a habit of accusing Russia of espionage, hacker attacks and other undercover operations without providing any evidence.

He insisted that Russian vessels were following Norwegian rules and had the right to sail in Norwegian waters.

The report raises the possibility that such vessels were linked to an incident south of Svalbard last year when an underwater data cable was cut.

The cable served the world largest commercial ground station for satellite communications. Norwegian police have said they believe "human activity" was behind the sabotage but have not officially accused anyone.

On 13 April this year, Norway expelled 15 Russian officials, accusing them of spying. It was the latest in a wave of expulsions across Europe since the February 2022 invasion of Ukraine.

In October last year police declared a major incident in the Shetland Islands after a cable was cut.

The incident severely hampered communications with the mainland and was blamed at the time as having been probably caused by "fishing vessels". Cables are regularly cut by accident and so far the BBC understands this is not thought to have been the result of hostile activity.

There had been one clear and significant act of sabotage and that was the destruction last September of parts of the Nord Stream pipeline designed to carry gas from Russia to Europe.

At the time, many accused Russia of being responsible but since then other reports have suggested other possibilities, including pro-Ukrainian actors, and investigations are ongoing.

Russian military intelligence, the GRU, has also been linked to both sabotage and poisonings. A GRU team linked to the poisoning of Sergei Skripal in Salisbury in 2018 with Novichok nerve agent was also linked to the blowing up of an arms depot in a Czech forest.

Seven aid workers from the World Central Kitchen (WCK) have been killed in an Israeli air strike in Gaza, the charity's founder says.

The victims were British, Polish, Australian, Palestinian and also included a dual US-Canadian citizen, WCK said.

Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has acknowledged that the Israeli military hit "innocent people", describing it as tragic and unintentional.

"It happens in war, we check it to the end, we are in contact with the governments, and we will do everything so that this thing does not happen again," he said in a video message.

Here's what we know about the aid workers killed.

Ms Frankcom died "doing the work she loves", her family said in a statement.

The aid worker from Melbourne, Australia was the WCK's Relief Lead in Gaza. She was described as a "kind, selfless and outstanding human being [who] travelled the world helping others in their time of need".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Australian aid worker Lalzawmi "Zomi" Frankcom (seen on the left), who was killed in Gaza, was seen in this recent WCK video

"She will leave behind a legacy of compassion, bravery and love for all those in her orbit," they added.

Last month, WCK posted a video on X of Ms Frankcom at their kitchen in Deir al-Balah, central Gaza, which was newly opened.

Dora Weekley, a friend and former WCK colleague, told ABC News that Ms Frankcom was "dedicated" and someone who made sure people in need had a hot meal to look forward to every day.

Ms Weekley met Ms Frankcom in 2019, when they responded to Hurricane Dorian in the Bahamas, and worked with her again during the summer bushfires in Australia.

"Our brave compatriot, Mr Damian Sobol from Przemysl, helped people in need in Gaza where there is a humanitarian crisis. He was killed during an attack which the Israeli army has accepted responsibility for," he said in a video message on X. In an earlier post, he said he had personally asked the Israeli ambassador for an "urgent explanation" for the strike.

Polish President Andrzej Duda wrote on X that it was "with deep pain" that he had learned about the deaths of the WCK volunteers, including a Polish citizen.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

"These brave people changed the world for the better with their service and dedication to others. This tragedy should never have happened and must be explained," he said.

Mr Sobol, from Przemysl in south-eastern Poland, was originally identified by the city's mayor in a Facebook post.

Wojciech Bakun called Mr Sobol a "fantastic boy" and said words could not describe how those who knew him were feeling.

Colleagues of Mr Sobol have posted comments on social media describing how he had taken part in delivering aid to Ukrainian refugees following Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine.

Mourners gathered in the Gazan city of Rafah on Tuesday for the funeral of the Palestinian driver who was killed in the strike.

Hundreds of people mourned Saifeddin Issam Ayad Abutaha, whose body was transported to Rafah, his hometown, where relatives, colleagues and friends carried him on their shoulders.

Saifeddin Issam Ayad Abutaha (L) posted a selfie with Damian Sobol (R) on Instagram nine weeks ago

"He was happy to work with an organisation that provides humanitarian aid to the displaced, our hearts are broken by your death, Saif," his close friend Hassan said amid tears, sadness and anger.

"You have hurt us with your passing, and we will not forget you. We pray for your mercy, Saif, and may God give us patience and give patience to your family and loved ones," he told the BBC.

Three British nationals were killed in the attack. They were all former soldiers who were working for UK-based security firm Solace Global as part of WCK's security team.

Mr Chapman was one of the three.

His family described him as "an incredible father, husband, son and brother" who "will forever be a hero".

Mr Chapman was working as a security advisor for WCK in Gaza alongside the other two British men killed

In a statement, they said they were "devastated" to have lost him, adding he died trying to help people.

"He will be missed dearly," they said.

Chris Burns, who served with Mr Chapman in the military, remembers him as a "very, very bubbly [man who] got on with everybody".

"He was a very, very funny guy," Mr Burns said on BBC World at One.

Mr Kirby was born in Bristol and had completed tours in Bosnia and Afghanistan with the British Armed Forces before working as a security consultant.

His family said he would be "remembered as a hero" who will "never know the void he has left".

Mr Kirby's cousins described him as a "selfless" person who had travelled all around the world

"James was always willing to lend a helping hand to anyone, even in the face of senseless violence," they said in a statement.

Speaking to the BBC, Mr Kirby's cousin Adam McGuire said he was "completely selfless" and "just wanted to help people", which is why he had gone to Gaza.

Another cousin, Amy Roxburgh-Barry, described him as a "true friend" who "loved his mates, he loved his family."

Mr Henderson was the third British man killed.

He had been in Gaza for just over a week alongside with Mr Chapman and Mr Kirby. They were due to return home in days, the BBC understands.

Mr Henderson had been in Gaza for just over a week

The three's roles as security advisers were to ensure the aid convoy travelling in Gaza followed safety procedures and remained on the correct route.

Matthew Harding, the non-executive director of the security company that employed them, said all three had extensive experience in risk management and were "all highly trained, highly professional".

He added that their deaths were "a truly tragic loss to both us and indeed their loved ones".

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak spoke to Mr Netanyahu on Tuesday evening about the strike. Downing Street said the prime minister told Mr Netanyahu he was appalled by the incident and demanded a thorough and transparent investigation into their deaths.

Mr Sunak said earlier he was "shocked and saddened" and sent his thoughts to the friends and families of the victims. He added that aid charities should be "praised and commended" for their work, which they should be allowed to do "unhindered".

The dual US-Canadian was born in Quebec and had served 11 years in the Canadian Armed Forces. He had been a volunteer in Gaza since early March.

Mr Flickinger's parents told the BBC on Thursday that their son had loved his job. "The work married his talents," his father, John Flickinger, said. "His love for adventure and his desire to serve and help others."

"He was such a good human being," his mother Sylvie Labrecque said. "He was extremely devoted to his work and his family."

Mr Flickinger's father described him as a "the best, most loyal friend you could ask for"

Mr Flickinger had recently settled in Costa Rica with his partner Sandy and their 18-month-old son, named Jasper.

"Jasper will be a very good inspiration for us to stay strong," Mrs Labrecque said. "Right now, we're still in shock."

US Secretary of State Anthony Blinken called the aid workers "heroes" who were "simply trying to help fellow human beings".

He said Washington had spoken directly to the Israeli government and urged "a swift, thorough and impartial investigation to understand exactly what happened".

Canadian Foreign Minister Mélanie Joly echoed the call for a full investigation, and said: "Strikes on humanitarian personnel are absolutely unacceptable."

More than 196 aid workers have been killed in Gaza since October, according to the US-funded Aid Worker Security Database, which records major incidents of violence against aid personnel.

Most of those killed since the war broke out six months ago worked for the UN agency for Palestinian refugees, UNRWA, which runs the biggest aid operation in Gaza.

About 1,200 people were killed and 253 hostages taken when Hamas launched its unprecedented attack on southern Israel on 7 October. About 130 hostages remain in captivity, at least 34 of whom are presumed dead.

Since then, more than 33,000 people have been killed in Gaza, including many women and children, the Hamas-run health ministry says.

Has the collapse of two US banks sparked another financial crisis? The BBC's Samira Hussain in New York explains what happened and why the rest of the world is watching.

Helicopter footage shows a wildfire the size of about 140 football pitches which is being tackled by fire crews on the Rhigos Mountain, Rhondda Cynon Taf.

The huge blaze shut an access road in Rhondda Cynon Taf county, which began at 18:00 BST on 9 June and reignited on Tuesday.

Access to the A4061 Rhigos mountain road was closed at 13:00 BST on Wednesday, but later reopened.

It is one of several wildfires being fought in the area, with South Wales Fire and Rescue Service saying it is "inundated" with reports.

KitKat maker Nestle has hiked the prices of its products by almost 10% in the past year to offset a "significant" rise in costs.

Despite the increases, the world's biggest food firm still saw sales rise in the first three months of 2023.

It comes as UK shoppers continue to search for cheaper supermarket food.

Research firm Kantar said the squeeze on household budgets had led to more people turning to discount chains such as Aldi and Lidl.

The rate of grocery price increases slowed slightly in April, but consumers are still paying 17.3% more than this time last year, Kantar said.

But just because the inflation rate dipped, it does not mean prices are lower, it means they are not increasing as fast.

Many households are feeling the impact of rising prices in recent months, and inflation is also hitting the margins of businesses.

Kantar said rising prices had led to own-label sales in UK supermarkets jumping up 13.5% year on year, with the very cheapest value lines soaring by 46%, as households look to manage their budgets.

However, during times of economic hardship, sales of confectionary and other items such as cosmetics and alcohol, tend to be resilient due to a theory called the "lipstick effect", where shoppers buy themselves small, special treats instead of big-ticket items.

Nestle said sales of its confectionary worldwide increased in the past three months despite it increasing the prices of its more than 2,000 brands, which cover coffee, pet care, baby food, drinks, cereals and prepared dishes.

In the UK, the Swiss firm is best known for KitKat and Smarties, cereals such as Shreddies and Cheerios, Nescafe and Nespresso coffee, fizzy drink San Pellegrino, and Purina pet food.

Nestle's global sales rose by 5.6% to 23.5bn Swiss francs (£21.3bn) in the first three months of 2023.

"Nestle's showing just how important it is to have a strong suite of brands, which have allowed the consumer giant to push through some pretty hefty price hikes with little impact on volumes," said Matt Britzman, equity analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown.

Other major consumer goods companies have also been pushing up prices, although there are signs that the pace of these rises could be about to ease.

PepsiCo, where the average prices jumped 16% in the first three months of the year, said earlier this year that it was done raising prices, while rival Coca-Cola, where the average selling price rose 11%, has said only that it expects price increases to moderate over the course of the year, noting significant "uncertainty".

Consumer goods giant Procter & Gamble, maker of Pampers, Tide and Old Spice, which raised prices by about 10% at the start of the year, told investors that inflationary pressures were weighing most heavily on demand in Europe, were many buyers are switching to less expensive, store brand options.

A picture shows the Jewish settlement of Kedar in the Israeli-occupied West Bank in June 2023

The government has been urged to rethink its plans to fine public bodies which initiate boycotts against Israel.

The proposals received initial backing but have been met with criticism from both Conservative and Labour MPs.

Communities Secretary Michael Gove said the bill would guarantee foreign policy remained a UK government matter.

But Labour says the bill undermines the UK's longstanding foreign policy towards the Occupied Palestinian Territories.

The party warned the bill also risked undermining support for people around the world facing persecution, as well as placing "unprecedented restrictions" on elected councils, undermining freedom of speech and having potential "widespread and negative impacts" on local authority pension funds.

The Economic Activity of Public Bodies (Overseas Matters) Bill seeks to prevent public bodies, including councils, from campaigning against, boycotting or sanctioning a particular international territory - unless that is endorsed by the UK government's own foreign policy.

First published last month, it received initial backing by 268 to 70 votes after several hours of debate in the House of Commons on Monday.

Much of the debate on the issue has focused on boycotts of Israel and Israeli settlements in the Occupied Palestinian Territories.

The Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) movement calls for broad-based economic and cultural boycotts of Israel and Israel settlements - similar to those applied to South Africa in the apartheid era.

Such boycotts are backed by Palestinians who see them as applying pressure on Israel to end its military occupation.

The Israeli government, on the other hand, sees the entire BDS movement as unjustly singling out Israel and describes it as antisemitic.

Speaking in the Commons, Mr Gove said there had been an "increase in antisemitic events following on from the activities of the BDS movement".

He added that although there were "legitimate reasons to criticise the Israeli government", the BDS movement was asking councils to "treat Israel differently from any other nation on the globe".

"Nothing in this bill prevents or impedes the loudest of criticisms of Israel's government and leaders," he added.

But Labour - and a number of Conservative MPs - raised concerns about the bill's potential impact on UK foreign policy.

Dame Margaret Hodge, who served in Labour governments under Tony Blair and Gordon Brown, said the proposed legislation was "flawed, poorly drafted and will have damaging consequences both here and abroad".

"The bill is not a considered attempt to bring about peace, provide better security for Israel or respond to the threats posed by BDS," she said.

"It's about using Jews as a pawn in the government's political game."

Conservative MP Alicia Kearns, who chairs the Foreign Affairs Committee, said the government must remove references to Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories from the bill.

She said the bill "essentially gives exceptional impunity to Israel", adding: "This is something we should not give to any country and I would be standing here making the same request if any country was named."

Longstanding UK government policy calls for an end to Israel's military occupation of the Occupied Palestinian Territories as part of a negotiated "two-state solution".

The UK has for decades endorsed the position of international law, under which Israeli settlements are seen as illegal - although Israel disputes this - and sees their expansion as an "obstacle to peace".

The bill does not stop public bodies from complying with UK-wide sanctions, and it gives the government the power to make certain countries exempt from the restrictions.

For example, the government intends Russia and Belarus to be exempted.

But the bill does not allow the rules to exempt Israel, the Occupied Territories or the Occupied Golan Heights.

In doing so, it groups the three territories together, which critics including Labour argue undermines the UK's foreign policy position by suggesting boycotting Israeli settlements in the Occupied Palestinian Territories or Golan Heights would be the same as boycotting Israel - despite the illegality of the former two under international law.

Critics have also raised concerns that the bill would limit campaigns against human rights abuses in other parts of the world - such as against the Uyghur in Xinjiang, China.

Ahead of the vote on Monday, the government spokesperson said: "Public bodies should not be pursuing their own foreign policy agenda.

"The bill will not hinder the robust action we are taking against Uyghur forced labour in supply chains as it contains exceptions to the ban for labour related misconduct, including modern slavery.

"The ban on boycotts does not apply to individuals, including publicly elected officials, when carrying out private acts that are protected by the Human Rights Act."

A Labour amendment to the bill was defeated in the Commons by 272 votes to 212 - a margin of 60.

The amendment had sought to decline the bill a second reading over concerns it "risks significantly undermining support" for groups around the world facing persecution, for example the Uyghur, who are "currently victims of grave and systemic human rights abuses".

It said it opposed any "discrimination" by public bodies in how they spend their money and says all public bodies must act "without bias" when making decisions on procurement and investment.

A woman hit by a police motorcycle escorting Sophie, the Duchess of Edinburgh, through London has died.

The family of 81-year-old Helen Holland, from Birchanger in Essex, said she fought "for her life for nearly two weeks... but irreversible damage to her brain finally ended the battle".

Buckingham Palace said the duchess was "deeply saddened" and sent her "deepest condolences" to all the family.

The police watchdog is investigating the crash.

Ms Holland had been in London visiting her sister when she was struck at the junction of West Cromwell Road and Warwick Road in Earl's Court on 10 May.

Following the crash, her family said she was in a coma, and on Friday the police said she remained in a critical condition.

Announcing her death, her son, Martin Holland, said his mother had died after "suffering multiple broken bones and massive internal injuries".

Sophie, who is married to the King's youngest brother, will get in touch privately with Ms Holland's family.

She gained the title of Duchess of Edinburgh when her husband Prince Edward took on a new role in March.

Sophie is deeply saddened by Helen Holland's death, the palace says

Chief Supt Richard Smith, head of the Metropolitan Police's Royalty and Specialist Protection Unit, said the "tragic outcome is being felt by colleagues across the Met" and "thoughts are very much with the woman's family and loved ones".

"Officers know that their actions, both on and off duty, are open to scrutiny and following our referral of the incident, the IOPC launched an independent investigation - we continue to co-operate with and support that inquiry," he said.

The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC), which investigates the most serious incidents involving officers, said its inquiry was "at an early stage".

It issued a witness appeal last week and said it "would still like to hear from anyone who saw or recorded any part of this incident who is yet to speak to us".

The watchdog also said it had been in touch with Ms Holland's family to explain its role and would keep them updated on the investigation.

The duchess has recently returned from a two-day visit to Iraq's capital Baghdad where she met the country's leaders and visited a girls' school to hear from pupils about their education.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

Police in Hong Kong have detained several pro-democracy activists on the anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre.

Authorities have banned public commemoration of the 1989 incident, which saw China crush peaceful protests in Beijing with tanks and troops.

However, candlelight vigils have been taking place in other cities worldwide.

Among those detained was 67-year-old Alexandra Wong, a prominent campaigner nicknamed "Grandma Wong".

Amid a tense evening in Hong Kong, she was arrested while carrying flowers near Victoria Park, where vigils had been held for decades.

The leader of one of Hong Kong's main opposition parties was among those arrested. Chan Po Ying, a veteran pro-democracy activist who heads the League of Social Democrats party, was holding an LED candle and two flowers.

Mak Yin Ting, former head of the Hong Kong Journalists Association, was also detained and subsequently released. Police later said they had made one arrest and taken 23 people to police stations for investigation.

The UN High Commissioner on Human Rights, Volker Turk, said on Twitter that he was alarmed by the detentions and called for the release of "anyone detained for exercising freedom of expression and peaceful assembly".

Events to mark the 1989 massacre in Beijing are banned in mainland China.

For decades, Hong Kong was the only Chinese city where these commemorations were allowed, under the city's semi-autonomous economic, political and legal set up - known as "one country, two systems" - established when the city handed over to China by the UK in 1997.

But public events to mark the anniversary have since been outlawed, after the Chinese government imposed a strict national security law outlawing many forms of dissent in 2020.

The annual commemorations have not been held since 2019, after being initially banned under Hong Kong's Covid regulations.

This year, a pro-Beijing carnival is being held in Victoria Park instead.

Ms Wong was quickly surrounded by police and driven away on Sunday in the city's Causeway Bay area.

Nearby Victoria Park has hosted annual candlelit vigils to mark Tiananmen Square since 1990, often drawing tens of thousands of people to mark the day, known as June Fourth in much of China.

Police detain a man holding a script titled "May 35th", a reference to the 4 June 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre in Beijing

Hong Kong Police have deployed thousands of officers at key sites in the city, stopping people to search and question them.

Officers set up booths outside the metro station near Victoria Park to search passers-by, including journalists.

Two Chinese-made "Sabre-tooth Tiger" armoured vehicles have also be stationed in the area in what appears to be a show of force by police.

Ahead of anticipated protests, the city's government has also removed books on the Tiananmen crackdown from public libraries.

One of those detained was a woman who shouted "Raise candles! Mourn 64!" while another was a man carrying a book with the title "May 35th" - both references to the 4 June date of the killings.

Others have been detained while holding unlit candles or wearing yellow clothing, the colour of the now-dismantled pro-democracy movement.

On Saturday, four people were arrested on suspicion of disturbing order in a public place or acting with seditious intent - both new offences under the controversial 2020 law.

Dozens of candlelight vigils have been taking place around the world on Sunday to remember those killed by the Chinese military in response to the crackdown.

In Taiwan, the democratic, self-governing island China claims as its territory and has vowed to take control of by force if necessary, hundreds of people gathered to mark the anniversary.

Chants of "fight for freedom, stand with Hong Kong" were heard from the crowds in the capital, Taipei, who had set up a replica of the "Pillar of Shame" - a famous statue at the University of Hong Kong commemorating the dead at Tiananmen Square that was removed in 2021.

There was also a protest in central London

Many involved also hope the vigils will continue the spirit of Hong Kong's once-vibrant civil society and political community, which has now largely fallen silent because so many have been imprisoned under the national security law, or have left Hong Kong altogether.

The Tiananmen Square protests in Beijing became the focus for national demonstrations calling for greater political freedoms in 1989.

Thousands of people - the majority of which were students - camped for weeks in the iconic Beijing square before the military moved in on 4 June and opened fire.

One unidentified protester became an international symbol of protest for blocking an advancing column of tanks in footage that was seen around the world.

The Chinese government says 200 civilians and several dozen security personnel died. Other estimates have ranged from hundreds to as many as 10,000.

The actions of the authorities have been seen by activists as part of China's broader agenda to snuff out political dissent in Hong Kong.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The chief executive of the Post Office, Nick Read, will return part of his £450,000 bonus for last year, after a rebuke from the chairman of the inquiry into the Horizon computer scandal.

In its financial accounts for last year the Post Office said its executives had met all their obligations to support the inquiry into the system.

But the inquiry is still taking place.

They also wrongly said inquiry chairman Sir Wyn Williams had approved bonuses relating to that support.

Mr Read apologised for what he described as "unacceptable errors".

In a letter to the inquiry chairman, Mr Read admitted the firm had made an "incorrect statement" in its accounts.

The Horizon inquiry is investigating how hundreds of sub-postmasters became victims of a vast miscarriage of justice.

They were blamed for discrepancies in their sub-post office's finances and prosecuted, with many receiving prison sentences, criminal records or going bankrupt. The discrepancies were down to the Post Office's glitch-prone IT system, called Horizon.

In the Post Office's annual accounts for last year published on 1 March, there was a target for executives defined as: "All required evidence and information supplied on time, with confirmation from Sir Wyn Williams and team that Post Office's performance supported and enabled the Inquiry to finish in line with expectations".

The metric was marked as '"achieved" although at the time the bonuses were agreed the inquiry was still in its first phase. It is likely to continue until 2024.

After a lawyer acting on behalf of Sir Wyn questioned the accounts, the Post Office issued a statement apologising for the "inappropriate sub-metric related to the Horizon IT Inquiry".

In a letter addressed personally to Sir Wyn, Mr Read apologised and said he would return the remuneration associated with that sub-metric.

The Post Office board is considering whether other members of the leadership should do the same.

The inquiry has heard moving testimony from dozens of sub-postmasters who were falsely accused of fraud. Hundreds lost their livelihoods, were stigmatised in their communities, and some sent to prison.

Dozens of convictions have now been overturned in the courts, but many of those wrongly convicted are still awaiting compensation.

The next phase of the inquiry due to start next month will look at the action taken against the sub-postmasters, and knowledge of and responsibility for failures in investigation. A later phase will explore governance including whistleblowing over the scandal.

Mr Read said in his letter that he regretted the errors made particularly against the background of "deeply concerning" evidence presented to the inquiry.

He added: "Our clear intent remains to offer full and fair compensation as quickly as possible and we are doing all we can to work with the government to achieve that."

As we approach the end of the programme, Alastair Campbell says there's a real danger that the UK will be reduced to to the third and fourth tier of international relations.

"I honestly believe this is one of the biggest acts of self harm we as a country have ever inflicted on ourselves," he says, adding that the next generation has a right to undo what their predecessors did.

Ben Habib, the former Brexit Party MEP, says the country has to leave the EU as one United Kingdom.

The Windsor Framework needs to be ditched and 1.8 million British citizens need to be brought back into the UK, he says.

Asked what he would do with the border, he says the border is recognised in the Good Friday Agreement.

He accuses Ireland's Taoiseach (Prime Minister) Leo Varadkar of weaponising the border.

He says there is a border in the middle of the United Kingdom, which is an "abomination to me".

A video still from the fatal Paris traffic stop shooting

Prosecutors have begun piecing together what happened before the fatal shooting of 17-year-old Nahel M by a police officer.

The officer has been charged with homicide and remains in custody.

In their outline of events after questioning eyewitnesses and reviewing CCTV footage, prosecutors say the teenage driver had already ignored a police demand to stop, when officers caught up with the car and drew their weapons.

Meanwhile an account has been posted online by one of the passengers, which French media say they have verified but the BBC has not.

In this account the passenger, also a teenager, says the officers hit Nahel M with the butts of their guns three times, causing him to take his foot off the brake of the car.

Prosecutors are due to talk to this witness on Monday.

Around 08:00 on Tuesday, two policemen on motorcycles spotted a Mercedes with a Polish number plate driving fast in a bus lane, Nanterre prosecutor Pascal Prache told journalists.

Turning on their siren, the officers caught up with the car at a traffic light. Three young men were inside.

The officers told the driver to stop but the vehicle pulled away, ignoring the red light. The officers gave chase and notified their unit by radio.

At 08:16, the Mercedes stopped in heavy traffic. Both officers got off their motorcycles, drew their weapons and approached the car.

They later told prosecutors that they pointed their guns at the driver to "deter him from driving away again".

They asked the driver to turn off the ignition, but the car moved forward. One of the officers fired, fatally wounding the young man in the chest.

After the car ran into a roadside barrier, one of the passengers was arrested and the other fled on foot.

The passenger says the three friends were driving around Nanterre when the car strayed into the bus lane and was chased by two policemen on motorcycles.

After Nahel stopped the car, the young man says in his video and in an interview with Le Parisien newspaper, one of the officers hit the teenage driver with the butt of his gun.

He alleges that the second policeman also struck Nahel before the first officer again hit him.

He told Le Parisien that the blows left Nahel M "a little stunned".

The third blow, according to this account, caused Nahel to take his foot off the brake and the vehicle to move forward. After the officer fired, Nahel M slumped forward and his foot pressed on the accelerator, the passenger said.

When the car came a standstill, the passenger said, he decided to flee because he was afraid he would be shot too.

Questions have been asked about the car, a Mercedes A class AMG. Officials describe it as a rented vehicle.

The passenger who fled said that someone had lent it to the three youths, without giving any details.

According to the French motoring website Autoplus, German sportscars with Polish number plates can be hired for €300-3,000 (£260-2,600) a day.

This type of short rental is popular with young men in French housing estates, Autoplus says.

Nahel M did not have a criminal record but was known to police.

He had previously been cited for driving without a licence - he was too young to have one - and for refusing to comply with an order to stop.

He was due to appear before a juvenile court in September.

Amin Nasser is the president and CEO of Aramco, the world's second-most valuable company behind Apple

Saudi oil giant Aramco has announced a record profit of $161.1bn (£134bn) for 2022, helped by soaring energy prices and bigger volumes.

It represents a 46.5% rise for the state-owned company, compared with last year.

It is the latest energy firm to report record profits, after energy prices spiked following Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine in February 2022.

Aramco also declared a dividend of $19.5bn for the October to December quarter of 2022, to be paid in the first quarter of this year.

Most of that will go to the Saudi government, which owns nearly 95% of the shares in the company.

Brent crude oil, the benchmark oil price, now trades at around $82 a barrel - though prices exceeded $120 a barrel last March, after Russia's invasion, and June.

"Aramco rode the wave of high energy prices in 2022," said Robert Mogielnicki of the Arab Gulf States Institute in Washington. "It would have been difficult for Aramco not to perform strongly in 2022."

In a statement on Sunday, Aramco said the company results were "underpinned by stronger crude oil prices, higher volumes sold and improved margins for refined products".

Aramco's president and CEO Amin Nasser said: "Given that we anticipate oil and gas will remain essential for the foreseeable future, the risks of underinvestment in our industry are real - including contributing to higher energy prices."

To address those challenges, he said, the company would not only focus on expanding oil, gas and chemicals production - but also invest in new lower-carbon technologies.

Aramco - the world's second-most valuable company only behind America's Apple - is a major emitter of greenhouse gas emissions that contribute to climate change.

Responding to Aramco's announcement, Amnesty International's secretary general Agnès Callamard said: "It is shocking for a company to make a profit of more than $161bn in a single year through the sale of fossil fuel - the single largest driver of the climate crisis."

She added: "It is all the more shocking because this surplus was amassed during a global cost-of-living crisis and aided by the increase in energy prices resulting from Russia's war of aggression against Ukraine."

Saudi Arabia is the largest producer in the oil cartel Opec (Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries).

The Gulf kingdom has been condemned for a range of human rights abuses: its involvement in the conflict in neighbouring Yemen, the murder in 2018 of journalist Jamal Khashoggi, for jailing dissidents, and for the widespread use of capital punishment.

In a separate development on Sunday, Iran said its oil exports had reached their highest level since the re-imposition of US sanctions in 2018.

Oil Minister Javad Owji said exports increased by 83 million barrels in 2022 compared with the previous 12 months. In Iran, a new year starts in March.

Analysts say the rise is due to greater shipments to Iranian allies China and Venezuela.

Tehran's export revenues took a significant hit after then-US President Donald Trump pulled out of a landmark nuclear deal five years ago.

The US sanctions, coupled with economic mismanagement and corruption, have meant that the Iranian economy has not had any substantive growth in the past decade. And by some measures, it is still 4-8% smaller than it was back in 2010.

Pavel Kuzin was killed in Bakhmut amid brutal fighting around the eastern Ukrainian city

Staff sergeant Pavel Kuzin took his position at the machine gun - the only soldier still able to fight. Everyone else in his troop lay dead or injured.

Suffering from shell-shock and with one arm bandaged, the 37-year-old fired at the waves of Russian soldiers trying to storm his position. They didn't even try to take cover, but simply walked towards him across the open field.

It was clear Pavel wouldn't be able to hold the position for long, but he needed to buy time for a rescue team to arrive. His final action in life was to ensure his wounded comrades got to safety.

The Ukrainian military says Bakhmut is now the scene of many "unprecedentedly bloody" battles like this, where they now have to repel up to 50 attacks on their positions every day. Russia has concentrated massive forces in this area, and their brutal strategy of launching human wave attacks helps them to advance slowly - but at a very high cost.

Pavel was in charge of a forward observation group that consisted of six Ukrainian soldiers. On 17 February, shortly after the start of their watch, they came under heavy fire. A tank began hammering their position.

Unlike relentless mortar rounds, the tank's aiming was chillingly accurate. Shells were landing a few metres from their trenches. Two soldiers were wounded and Pavel told them to go into a dugout. A combat medic went down to tend to their injuries and prepare them for an evacuation. Moments later, the wooden shelter was directly hit by a shell.

"There was a bright flash," one of the wounded soldiers with a callsign Tsygan told the BBC. "I was thrown onto the logs with such force that it nearly crushed me. I couldn't understand whether I was dead or alive. Someone was shouting, it seemed the sound was coming from 100m away."

I couldn't understand whether I was dead or alive

It was Pavel's voice who was checking on them. The other soldier was half-buried under dirt and logs. He was dead.

Tsygan could barely move and Pavel had to drag him up over the splintered logs that blocked the way. It was painfully slow to move Tsygan just a few metres away into a nearby trench. When the shelling paused briefly, Pavel went back trying to find others.

Two minesweepers arrived to clear the logs and find the bodies. But yet another shell hit the dug out, killing one of the men and injuring the other. The tank kept firing.

At that moment, Russian troops started storming their position. Pavel called for a support group to evacuate the wounded and rushed back to his Browning machine gun to stop the Russian infantry.

The 206th Battalion in which Pavel served had fought in the southern Kherson and north-eastern Kharkiv regions. But the battles over Bakhmut were very different from what they had seen before.

"The intensity of fighting to break through our positions was shocking," says Mykola Hlabets, platoon commander. "Sometimes, [Russian soldiers] would get as close as 20 metres from us, crawling and moving under a treeline or across an open field. This is where we had our first gunfights at such proximity."

"They would just stand and walk towards our positions without any cover. We wiped out one group after another, but they kept coming."

Hlabets described them as a suicide squad. Others call them cannon fodder.

Ukrainians are trying to fight off Russia's human wave attacks - similar to tactics used during World War One

A number of videos have been shared on telegram channels recently where newly mobilized Russian soldiers appealed to President Vladimir Putin and the authorities to stop what they called "illegal orders" to send them "to be slaughtered".

Last month mobilised soldiers from Belgorod posted a video saying that they were sent for an assault mission without proper training. After suffering heavy losses, they said they refused to carry out their orders.

Often these poorly trained soldiers are reportedly forced to keep pushing forward. The assault group Storm of the 5th Brigade of the Russian army said in a video appeal that they couldn't leave their position because of zagryad otryad, or blocking troops - detachments that open fire at their own men who try to retreat.

These wave attacks are similar to World War One tactics, when troops charged the enemy and engaged in close combat. And despite their lack of training and experience, sending newly recruited soldiers to such assaults are bringing some results for Russia, albeit at a very high cost.

Ukrainians expose their positions when they open fire to stop those attacks. That allows Russian artillery to identify the target and destroy it, as happened with Pavel's post.

Also, soldiers at forward positions run out of ammunition while trying to repel numerous wave attacks. They then become an easy target.

That was the risk Pavel knew he faced as he rushed to his Browning machine gun. But as long as he kept firing, his wounded brothers-in-arms had a chance to be rescued.

Tsygan was bleeding in the trench where Pavel had left him. Shrapnel had smashed his pelvis. Another piece had gone through his thigh, and a third had hit his abdomen, "turning the internal organs upside down", he said. He was barely conscious.

"I didn't see much, it was all white," he said. "I lay on the snowy ground for two hours and I didn't feel cold or anything."

Next to him was another wounded soldier. The rescue team on an armoured personnel carrier hastily picked them up as shelling resumed. They didn't even have time to close the hatch, Tsygan says.

By that time, Pavel's machine gun had fallen silent. He died from a head wound: a piece of shrapnel had pierced his helmet.

Commanders of the 206th battalion decided to send a group to retrieve the bodies of Pavel and the other soldiers.

The next day in the evening, three groups of two soldiers each set off to bring the bodies back.

"The plan looked good on paper, but things quickly went wrong," junior sergeant Vasyl Palamarchuk, who was in the lead group, remembers. They got lost and nearly ran into Russian positions in the dark. When they got close to the dugout, Russians spotted them and opened fire from a tank.

Pavel Kuzin died holding off Russian attackers so his wounded fellow soldiers could be evacuated

Russian tanks and artillery had continuously shelled that post in those days, but the Ukrainian big guns had largely stayed quiet. The reason was a massive shortage of shells.

"Once we counted that the Russians had fired up to 60 shells a day, whereas we could allow only two," Palamarchuk explains. "They destroyed trees and everything else and you had no place to hide."

Ukraine is struggling to find ammunition for its Soviet-era artillery. Getting shells for weapons donated by Ukraine's western partners has its own limits. As the secretary general of the Nato military alliance, Jens Stoltenberg, said recently: "The current rate of Ukraine's ammunition expenditure is many times higher than our current rate of production."

Palamarchuk's group eventually picked up Pavel's body just a few hours before Russian troops seized the area. Heavy snow turned into a freezing rain. After numerous breaks on the way back, crawling through craters left by shells, they finally arrived. The whole operation over just a kilometre's distance lasted for six hours.

It was past midnight but the entire battalion gathered at the evacuation point to pay their respects to Pavel, who is survived by his daughter and wife.

"It was a huge loss for our unit," Palamarchuk says. "He saved two people but died himself."

A picture shows the Jewish settlement of Kedar in the Israeli-occupied West Bank in June 2023

The government has been urged to rethink its plans to fine public bodies which initiate boycotts against Israel.

The proposals received initial backing but have been met with criticism from both Conservative and Labour MPs.

Communities Secretary Michael Gove said the bill would guarantee foreign policy remained a UK government matter.

But Labour says the bill undermines the UK's longstanding foreign policy towards the Occupied Palestinian Territories.

The party warned the bill also risked undermining support for people around the world facing persecution, as well as placing "unprecedented restrictions" on elected councils, undermining freedom of speech and having potential "widespread and negative impacts" on local authority pension funds.

The Economic Activity of Public Bodies (Overseas Matters) Bill seeks to prevent public bodies, including councils, from campaigning against, boycotting or sanctioning a particular international territory - unless that is endorsed by the UK government's own foreign policy.

First published last month, it received initial backing by 268 to 70 votes after several hours of debate in the House of Commons on Monday.

Much of the debate on the issue has focused on boycotts of Israel and Israeli settlements in the Occupied Palestinian Territories.

The Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) movement calls for broad-based economic and cultural boycotts of Israel and Israel settlements - similar to those applied to South Africa in the apartheid era.

Such boycotts are backed by Palestinians who see them as applying pressure on Israel to end its military occupation.

The Israeli government, on the other hand, sees the entire BDS movement as unjustly singling out Israel and describes it as antisemitic.

Speaking in the Commons, Mr Gove said there had been an "increase in antisemitic events following on from the activities of the BDS movement".

He added that although there were "legitimate reasons to criticise the Israeli government", the BDS movement was asking councils to "treat Israel differently from any other nation on the globe".

"Nothing in this bill prevents or impedes the loudest of criticisms of Israel's government and leaders," he added.

But Labour - and a number of Conservative MPs - raised concerns about the bill's potential impact on UK foreign policy.

Dame Margaret Hodge, who served in Labour governments under Tony Blair and Gordon Brown, said the proposed legislation was "flawed, poorly drafted and will have damaging consequences both here and abroad".

"The bill is not a considered attempt to bring about peace, provide better security for Israel or respond to the threats posed by BDS," she said.

"It's about using Jews as a pawn in the government's political game."

Conservative MP Alicia Kearns, who chairs the Foreign Affairs Committee, said the government must remove references to Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories from the bill.

She said the bill "essentially gives exceptional impunity to Israel", adding: "This is something we should not give to any country and I would be standing here making the same request if any country was named."

Longstanding UK government policy calls for an end to Israel's military occupation of the Occupied Palestinian Territories as part of a negotiated "two-state solution".

The UK has for decades endorsed the position of international law, under which Israeli settlements are seen as illegal - although Israel disputes this - and sees their expansion as an "obstacle to peace".

The bill does not stop public bodies from complying with UK-wide sanctions, and it gives the government the power to make certain countries exempt from the restrictions.

For example, the government intends Russia and Belarus to be exempted.

But the bill does not allow the rules to exempt Israel, the Occupied Territories or the Occupied Golan Heights.

In doing so, it groups the three territories together, which critics including Labour argue undermines the UK's foreign policy position by suggesting boycotting Israeli settlements in the Occupied Palestinian Territories or Golan Heights would be the same as boycotting Israel - despite the illegality of the former two under international law.

Critics have also raised concerns that the bill would limit campaigns against human rights abuses in other parts of the world - such as against the Uyghur in Xinjiang, China.

Ahead of the vote on Monday, the government spokesperson said: "Public bodies should not be pursuing their own foreign policy agenda.

"The bill will not hinder the robust action we are taking against Uyghur forced labour in supply chains as it contains exceptions to the ban for labour related misconduct, including modern slavery.

"The ban on boycotts does not apply to individuals, including publicly elected officials, when carrying out private acts that are protected by the Human Rights Act."

A Labour amendment to the bill was defeated in the Commons by 272 votes to 212 - a margin of 60.

The amendment had sought to decline the bill a second reading over concerns it "risks significantly undermining support" for groups around the world facing persecution, for example the Uyghur, who are "currently victims of grave and systemic human rights abuses".

It said it opposed any "discrimination" by public bodies in how they spend their money and says all public bodies must act "without bias" when making decisions on procurement and investment.

Danielle Watts shows off her new dentures

A woman who extracted her own teeth because she couldn't find an NHS dentist says crowdfunding a new set of dentures has transformed her life. On Tuesday afternoon, MPs will question dental experts from NHS England as part of an official inquiry prompted by a BBC investigation into the dentistry crisis.

One by one, over several months, Danielle Watts pulled out 13 of her own teeth.

For years she had been living with terrible pain and discomfort as a result of chronic gum disease, which meant that her teeth - otherwise healthy and unaffected by decay - were becoming loose and falling out.

But Ms Watts, from Bury St Edmunds in Suffolk, found herself in a "dental desert" - an area where no dentists offer NHS care - and couldn't afford the thousands of pounds of private treatment needed to fix her teeth.

Danielle Watts was in constant pain and self-conscious about how she looked and spoke

Now, a crowdfunding campaign has helped raise enough money to let her have a set of dentures fitted - meaning she can smile again.

"I've got a mouthful of teeth, which feels amazing," Ms Watts says. "I'm not ashamed any more."

The BBC featured her story last year - when our research revealed the extent to which people across the UK were struggling to access NHS dentistry.

The Covid pandemic had left dental practices with severe backlogs of patients needing appointments, and this exacerbated an NHS funding gap which meant dentists had to take on more private work to survive.

Following our investigation, the Health and Social Care Committee launched an inquiry into dentistry, and the cross-party committee has today been hearing evidence from senior NHS England and government figures.

A Government health minister has acknowledged that NHS dentistry in England needs a complete overhaul. Appearing before a committee of MPs, Neil O'Brien said the time for small tweaks to the system had passed, and a much deeper reform was needed.

"We want to grow the overall level of activity that NHS dentistry is delivering, particularly to do that by making NHS work more attractive in lots of different ways, by fundamentally overhauling the contract that has been there since 2006, which is now pretty badly showing its age," he said.

The Department of Health in England says improving NHS access is a priority, and that it has made an extra £50m available "to help bust the Covid backlogs" - but tens of thousands of people, like Ms Watts, are still struggling to find an NHS dentist.

Last August, she described how she no longer smiled at people and had stopped going out and socialising.

"I won't go out and meet new people. I avoid crowded situations. I walk with my head down all the time," she told us.

Describing herself as "quite a happy, smiley person", she said she would hang her head to hide her mouth when she laughed in front of people, "because I know what they're seeing".

Danielle Watts did not dare to smile in front of people because of her missing teeth

At the time, Ms Watts's despair was striking.

"I'm 42 years old and I can't eat and drink. I'm on painkillers every day. I'm not a 90-year-old woman. This shouldn't be happening to me now," she said.

Not only was eating increasingly difficult, but her damaged gums were also at risk of infection. In fact, late last year she was hospitalised for three weeks after one such infection got out of control.

But following our report, a friend persuaded her to set up a crowdfunding page to see if they could raise the money to get her teeth fixed.

It raised about £2,500, which - along with some funds raised by her mother's church - was enough to get Ms Watts fitted with a set of dentures.

She says the kindness of strangers has completely transformed her life.

"I'm in no pain at all, there is no bleeding, my teeth are all facing the same way," she says.

"I don't have to hide anymore. To be able to talk to somebody face-on, to be able to smile at somebody, is something I haven't done for several years."

Some people are going to extraordinary measures to do DIY dentistry as they struggle to find affordable dental care. Are we witnessing the death of NHS dentistry?

Ms Watts knows she is extremely lucky - and that not everyone will be able to benefit from the sort of crowdfunding campaign that helped her.

"Part of me feels bad because there are so many people who are in my position, but they haven't had that help - so I feel very guilty as well as being incredibly grateful."

She says she feels especially privileged because people donated money during a cost-of-living crisis.

"People still put their hands in their pockets and gave what they could - it's absolutely massive."

Have you resorted to DIY dentistry because of a lack of NHS dentists? Please share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Germany's Bayer AG says it expects to take a €2.5bn ($2.8bn; £2.2bn) hit from a slower demand for its glyphosate-based products, including the controversial weedkiller Roundup.

The announcement came as the company lowered its outlook for the year.

In all, it has set aside over $15bn (£11.7bn) to settle lawsuits alleging its herbicides are linked to non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and other cancers.

Bayer has denied wrongdoing but said the payouts would end "uncertainty".

On Monday, the Leverkusen-based company said it expected a net loss of €2bn in the three months to the end of June.

Bayer said this was mainly due "a significant further decline in sales of glyphosate-based products."

The firm also forecast that its pre-tax profits could fall to as low as €11.3bn this year, compared to the €13.5bn it reported in 2022.

A Bayer spokesman told the BBC that more glyphosate-based products had entered the market following the pandemic, resulting in a lower demand for the firm's weedkillers.

"The normalisation of the competitive environment around glyphosate was more pronounced than we had expected. This was the principal cause of our outlook," the spokesman added.

Roundup was originally launched by US firm Monsanto nearly five decades ago. It became known the world's best-selling weedkiller.

In 2018, Bayer bought Monsanto in a $63bn deal. The tie-up gave Bayer control of more than a quarter of the global supply of seeds and pesticides.

The same year, a California court issued the first ruling linking Roundup to cancer and awarded substantial compensation to claimants.

In the lawsuits, Roundup users blamed the weedkiller and its active ingredient glyphosate for their non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and other cancers.

In 2020, Bayer announced a $10.9bn settlement aimed at resolving tens of thousands of lawsuits, while maintaining that glyphosate was safe.

In March last year, the company said it had resolved 107,000 out of around 138,000 cases involving Roundup.

"The Roundup settlement is the right action at the right time for Bayer to bring a long period of uncertainty to an end," Bayer's chief executive Werner Baumann said in 2020.

He repeated the company's view that the science indicates: "Roundup does not cause cancer, and therefore, is not responsible for the illnesses alleged in this litigation".

Glyphosate is the active ingredient in many weedkillers, although the science about its safety is still far from conclusive.

Some countries have banned herbicides that contain glyphosate, while others continue to allow them.

In the UK, there is no nationwide ban on glyphosate, although some councils in the country have stopped using it due to safety concerns.

Bayer is set to report earnings on 8 August.

John Caldwell was shot in front of his son in February

A man charged over the New IRA's claim that it shot a top detective joked about the attack on social media, the High Court has heard.

Prosecutors claimed Tiarnan McFadden uploaded an image of a ball hitting the back of a net on the night Det Ch Insp John Caldwell was shot in February.

The post was captioned: "Anyone fancy a kickabout."

The detective was seriously injured after finishing a youth football coaching session in Omagh.

The details emerged as 25-year-old Mr McFadden, of Carnhill in Londonderry, and his 23-year-old co-accused Caolan Brogan, from Bluebellhill Gardens in the city, applied for bail.

They are jointly charged with possessing an article for use in terrorism, namely a typed notice declaring that the New IRA carried out the attack.

They both deny the charge.

A third man, 37-year-old William McDonnell of Balbane Pass in Derry, is accused of the same offence.

Mr Caldwell was shot repeatedly and seriously wounded in front of his young son in the shooting at a sports complex on 22 February.

He was able to leave hospital in April.

Seven other men are in custody charged with attempting to murder him.

On 26 February a typed letter claiming the New IRA was responsible for the attack bid appeared on a gable wall in Central Drive in the Creggan estate in Derry.

Based on CCTV and air support footage, the prosecution contended the note was attached about 20 minutes before the message with the image of a ball appeared on the Twitter account "Republic Media", the court was told.

Mr McFadden and Mr Brogan allegedly travelled together to Mr McDonnell's home, collected a bucket and then headed in the direction of the gable wall.

Seven men have been charged with attempted murder over the shooting

Mr McFadden told police he was only at the wall to clean graffiti from a mural.

Opposing bail, the prosecution argued whoever posted the notice must have been trusted by and acting on behalf of the New IRA.

They claimed that less than two hours after Mr Caldwell was shot, and before details became public, Mr McFadden made reference to the attack online.

Mr McFadden also allegedly shared a video of a number of police vans which were believed to be travelling to the scene of the shooting.

That post included the comment "What's the rush?" along with a laughing emoji, the court heard.

When someone else online suggested the police were late for their dinner, he allegedly replied: "Must have missed a football match or something."

Mr McFadden's barrister argued that the charge was based entirely on circumstantial evidence.

Counsel for Mr Brogan described it as a "tenuous" case involving poor-quality CCTV footage, adding that the notice could have been posted as far back as 22 February.

Reserving judgment on both defendant's applications for bail, Mr Justice O'Hara said he would give his decision at a later stage.

Former Prime Minister Liz Truss has been criticised by two former aides for choosing to submit a list of resignation honours.

Ms Truss, who spent only 49 days in office, has put forward four people, the Sun and i reported.

Tory party donor Jon Moynihan, aide Ruth Porter, ex-Vote Leave's Matthew Elliott and think tank boss Mark Littlewood are said to be on the list.

A spokesman for Ms Truss said it would not be "appropriate" to comment.

Both Labour and the Liberal Democrats have called on Prime Minister Rishi Sunak to block the move.

Any outgoing prime minister is able to recommend people for honours after they've resigned, although not all have chosen to.

Allies say Ms Truss's list is "modest" but former aides are among those expressing anger that she is making any nominations at all.

Two former advisers told the BBC they did not think she should be putting anybody forward, given her short time in office.

One said they were "relieved to no longer be working for her and having to defend the indefensible".

Labour's deputy leader Angela Rayner called it a "list of shame", saying the former PM and her supporters "took a wrecking ball to the economy in a disastrous six-week premiership that has left millions facing mortgage misery".

Wendy Chamberlain MP, the Lib Dems' chief whip, described the move as "truly remarkable", adding: "Rishi Sunak must block these honours immediately as allowing Truss to dish out positions of influence shows a stunning lack of humility."

The BBC has not confirmed the names of those reported to be on the list.

Mr Littlewood is director of the Institute of Economic Affairs, a free-market supporting think tank that was associated with Ms Truss and her former chancellor Kwasi Kwarteng.

Mr Elliott, who helped found the Taxpayers Alliance group, which campaigns for lower taxes, was chief executive of the main pro-Brexit campaign during the 2016 referendum.

Ms Porter ran Ms Truss' Tory election leadership campaign and briefly served as her deputy chief of staff in No 10.

The register of MPs' financial interests shows that Mr Moynihan donated £50,000 in two separate transactions to her Tory leadership campaign.

It's unclear when Ms Truss' nominations would be assessed by the Cabinet Office, which is already considering nominations from Boris Johnson.

King Charles is also expected to hand out honours to mark his coronation.

Outgoing prime ministers can ask the monarch to bestow peerages, knighthoods, and other honours on any number of people of their choosing.

Mr Cameron nominated 59 people for honours when he resigned, while Ms May nominated 51.

Barry Humphries was described as one of the greatest raconteurs and stand-up comedians of his age.

But his achievements as a writer, painter, actor and scholar were overshadowed by his most monstrous creation, the shrill toned and sequined Dame Edna Everage.

From her humble suburban beginnings in the mid 1950s, plain Mrs Everage morphed into a global superstar, spreading her homespun philosophy and piles of gladioli wherever she went.

On the journey her creator met with critical disapproval and a battle against alcohol abuse, before becoming what the critic Brian Sewell once described as "an institution".

John Barry Humphries was born in the Melbourne suburb of Camberwell on 17 February 1934. His father was a successful builder and the young Humphries had a comfortable upbringing in a pleasant part of the Australian city.

He began inventing fictional characters from an early age, spending hours in his parents' back garden dressing up in various costumes.

He also discovered a gift for entertaining people and once wrote that doing so gave him a great sense of release and helped him find new friends.

His parents sent him to Melbourne Grammar School, an institution that turned out more than its fair share of notable Australian luminaries, boasting leading politicians, artists, soldiers and sportsmen among its alumni.

Humphries excelled at art and English, and largely ignored the rest of the school curriculum, later writing in Who's Who? that he was "self-educated" and attended Melbourne Grammar School.

He studied law, philosophy and fine arts at Melbourne University and became famous for a series of publicly performed practical jokes influenced by his interest in the Dada movement.

Humphries revelled in the public reactions to his brand of street theatre which illustrated his delight in making his audience feel slightly uncomfortable. It was something that would be a major part of his later career.

After leaving university, he joined the Melbourne Theatre Company where he wrote and performed songs and sketches.

Dame Edna Everage takes tea on stage with the actress Dame Joan Plowright

It was in the theatre company's tour bus that, according to his autobiography, Humphries first came up with the idea of a suburban housewife called Mrs Norm Everage, the character making her first stage appearance in a sketch Humphries performed in 1955.

It was supposed to be a one-off performance but, after Humphries had moved to the Philip Street Revue Theatre in Sydney in 1957, he decided to give Norm, rechristened Edna, another outing and she became something of a hit.

At the time Humphries used Edna, a dull housewife with decidedly politically incorrect views on foreigners, as a satire on his experience of growing up in the conservative suburbs of Melbourne.

In 1959, Humphries moved to London where he quickly became part of the new wave of satirical comedy featuring artists such as Peter Cook, Dudley Moore, Alan Bennett and Jonathan Miller.

He also struck up an unlikely, but long lasting friendship with the Poet Laureate, Sir John Betjeman, with whom he shared a passion for both Victoriana and for Cornwall.

It was in Cornwall in 1962 that his career almost came to a premature end when he fell down a 150 ft cliff near Zennor, breaking a number of bones.

Barry Humphries with Peter Cook and Dudley Moore in the 1970s

Humphries created the character, Barry McKenzie, the boorish, sexist, arrogant Australian, who appeared in a comic strip he wrote for the magazine, Private Eye.

There was much criticism of this character in his home country of Australia which, for a time, banned the sale of a book of the strips. Humphries would receive similar criticism for his character of the lecherous, hard drinking Sir Les Patterson.

He was happy to return the compliment. "Australia is an outdoor country," he once said. "People only go inside to use the toilet. And that's a recent development."

Edna Everage was not well received by the critics when Humphries first launched her onto the London scene, but he was encouraged by Peter Cook to continue to develop the character.

His big theatrical break came when he was offered the part of Mr Sowerberry the undertaker in the 1960 stage production of Lionel Bart's stage musical Oliver, and transferred with the show when it was moved to Broadway in 1963.

Four years later, he took the role of Fagin when the show was revived on the London stage.

He returned to Australia where he toured a series of satirical one man shows featuring Edna Everage and Les Patterson, and the more gentle, and later deceased, Sandy Stone who Humphries described as "Melbourne talking in its sleep."

In 1973, he co-wrote and appeared in the film, The Adventures of Barry McKenzie, with Barry Crocker playing the title role and Humphries appearing as Aunt Edna. The film also featured a string of stars including Peter Cook, Spike Milligan, Willie Rushton and Joan Bakewell.

Sir Les Patterson was as uncouth as Dame Edna was refined

In the 1974 sequel, Barry McKenzie Holds His Own, Edna is created a dame by the then Australian Prime Minister Gough Whitlam.

But his success came at a price. He had begun to drink heavily during his time in London and on one trip back to Australia, he was found slumped on the side of a street. His parents arranged for him to undergo treatment, following which he gave up alcohol altogether.

Despite his various film and stage appearances, it was in his one man shows that Humphries achieved his greatest following both in the UK and Australia.

After a shaky start, he appeared in a series of stage shows including Housewife, Superstar in 1976 and An Evening's Intercourse with Dame Edna in 1982.

Often lasting more than two hours, his performances were masterpieces of original material and improvisation spiced with the barbed insults Edna often aimed at members of her audiences.

"Tiles only halfway up the wall, darling?" she would say in discussion with a victim about bathroom decor. "What went wrong, dear - did you run out of money?"

He also became a regular on UK television with The Barry Humphries Show on the BBC and ITV's The Dame Edna Experience.

By this time the dowdy housewife from Moonee Ponds had turned into a global megastar, flitting between her many luxurious residences across the world and pausing only to advise world leaders and throw armfuls of gladioli to her adoring audiences.

Apart from musicians or dancers, Humphries was only ever joined by one other person onstage - the silent Madge, played by English actor Emily Perry, who was Dame Edna's long-suffering best friend and bridesmaid.

Over time Dame Edna's costumes became more extravagant, with her dresses adorned by Australian icons such as kangaroos, koalas and the Sydney Opera House.

It took the Americans decades to get his particular brand of satirical humour, but Humphries finally achieved success in the US in 1999, when Dame Edna: The Royal Tour opened on Broadway, eventually running for 10 months.

Away from the stage Humphries was passionate about art and literature. A talented artist, he championed the work of many painters, particularly Charles Conder, whose works featured in a BBC documentary which Humphries presented.

He wrote several plays, books, novels, and autobiographies for which he won a number of awards including the J.R. Ackerley prize for biography in 1993.

Barry Humphries greeting Camilla, the then Duchess of Cornwall, in 2021

In 2012, he announced he was retiring from live performances and set off on a farewell tour of Australia to huge critical acclaim, one reviewer describing Humphries "as virile, as vulgar and as magnificent as ever." The tour moved on to the UK, before taking America by storm.

A rare sour note came in 2019 when accusations of transphobia led to a major comedy prized named after him being renamed.

In comments he later said had been misinterpreted, he drew criticism for describing being transgender as "a fashion" and also claimed to have been speaking in character with a reference to gender-reassignment surgery as "self-mutilation".

Controversy aside, the lure of the limelight proved too strong, and in 2022, he emerged from self-imposed exile with The Man in the Mask: a series of shows looking back at his long career.

Fast approaching 90, his immaculate comic timing was still as sharp as ever. When he whipped out Dame Edna's famous glasses, there was an enormous cheer.

For more than 60 years, Barry Humphries held a mirror to Australia and Australians, revealing their virtues and weaknesses through a gallery of adored characters,

"It's a kind of therapy," he once said, "I'd miss it if I couldn't do it".

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This was history in the making - and you had to pinch yourself to think you were seeing it close-up, inside Westminster Abbey.

Over there was the battered but rather beautiful Coronation chair, with a King about to be crowned. It looked almost fragile waiting for its royal occupant.

You could feel the sense of expectation. It was really happening right here, on an altar full of candlelight, prayers and a glow of gold. The Abbey was like being inside a jewel box.

The first Coronation in 70 years proved to be a sumptuous, seamless and often surreal ceremony.

Before 2,300 guests, King Charles and Queen Camilla went through the ancient rituals, with a twist of modern signals about diversity.

But it was also like a spectacularly lavish wedding, with friends, families and famous faces crowded into every corner of the church, playing with their phones, checking to see who else was there.

And where else would international royalty, world leaders and 100 overseas heads of state get an opportunity to meet Ant and Dec?

The King is crowned in the 700-year-old Coronation chair

There were glamorous outfits and hats, splashes of military uniforms with epaulettes, plumes and swords, clerical robes and every shade and shape of national dress. The selfies on the way in were going to prove that they'd really been here.

There were traditional roles with baffling titles such as Bluemantle Pursuivant and Rouge Dragon Pursuivant and a number of men seemed to be entirely dressed in medieval flags.

Walking down the nave when he arrived, the King seemed to be pausing to take it all in.

What was he thinking, after all the decades that he'd been waiting for this day? Was he thinking about his mother, his own family, the responsibility?

When the Archbishop of Canterbury appeared to give the crown a couple of twists on his head, the King might have been thinking less charitable thoughts.

A guest in the Abbey takes a selfie with Ant and Dec

And the only person who could have stolen the King's show was possibly Penny Mordaunt, the lord president of the council, who hovered around the high altar looking like a deity who had escaped from an ancient Greek urn.

But the King must have been delighted with the music, not least because he'd chosen it himself, like all of this elaborate ceremony. It was like a big work of art and he was its creator.

At close quarters in the abbey, the orchestra and choir were remarkable, the music welling up like a tidal wave of sound. It was bouncing off the stained glass windows.

The piece by William Byrd had all the aching melancholy and stillness that you suspect King Charles would really have enjoyed. Handel's Zadok the Priest, full of drama and anticipation, was a real spine-tingler.

There was also the most eclectic collection of people in the congregation. There were hundreds of charity workers, US First Lady Jill Biden, President Macron and rows of celebrities, such as Joanna Lumley, Maggie Smith, Stephen Fry, and hello, it's Lionel Ritchie.

Many of the guests had been inside the abbey for hours before it started, which meant some of the best-dressed queues ever seen for the toilets. I'd never really thought about the mechanics of such a visit for a peer in floor-length robes and ermine.

It was a lavish and colourful spectacle in the Abbey

There had been stories about MPs complaining about a lack of tickets for the Coronation. Part of the problem might be there are now so many ex-PMs to accommodate. Even Liz Truss got a seat.

Boris Johnson arrived looking like his shirt collars were staging their own backbench rebellion.

The current PM, Rishi Sunak, had a speaking part, delivering the Bible lesson.

For those hoping to watch any body language between Prince Harry and his brother Prince William, there was nothing to see, as they may as well have been sitting a continent apart.

Harry arrived looking relaxed and chatty, despite this being a huge transatlantic flying visit, and was seated a couple of rows behind Prince William, the Prince of Wales.

Prince Harry was heading back to the US straight after the service

The older brother, who must have been thinking that one day he'll face his own Coronation, was more engaged in his own role in the ceremony.

There seemed to be glances exchanged too between the husband and wife at the centre of this event, who were maybe having the big public wedding they didn't have before.

King Charles now has his Queen Camilla beside him. It took them about half an hour to get to the Abbey in the morning, but their journey to this point has taken them decades.

It's impossible to go into Westminster Abbey without feeling the weight of history on every side. It seeps from every plaque and statue. Even the clothes had a story. The King was wearing a robe that had been his grandfather's and Catherine was wearing earrings that had been Diana's.

Many guests might have been remembering being here at the late Queen's funeral, which eight months ago went out through the same doors as today's newly-crowned couple.

The King and Queen left the Abbey in the Gold State Coach

Such grand occasions, snapshots for the history books, are where the past, present and future overlap.

With the music soaring and the guests on their feet, the King and Queen left the Abbey to step inside the crown-on-wheels that is the Gold State Coach, with umbrellas up against the rain.

The carriage pulled away, past a sea of waving camera phones, and another era had begun.

The Iron Shiek squared off against other wrestling greats including Hulk Hogan

The Iron Sheik, a heavyweight champion WWE wrestler and hall-of-famer, has died aged 81, his family announced.

He was a "true legend, a force of nature and an iconic figure who left an incredible mark" on the wrestling world, they said in a statement on Wednesday. "It is with great sadness that we share the news."

Born in Iran, the wrestling icon's real name was Hossein Khosrow Ali Vaziri.

His cause of death has not been given.

At the peak of his wrestling career, in the 1980s, Vaziri faced off against other greats in the ring including Bob Backlund, Sgt Slaughter and Hulk Hogan.

He defeated Backlund for the WWF World Heavyweight title in December 1983.

One month later, in front of an electric crowd of over 20,000 at New York's Madison Square Garden, Hogan took down Vaziri and won the championship belt for the first time. The upset launched Hogan's career.

The WWE called the event "one of the most famous wrestling matches of all time".

Vaziri was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2005.

"He was a trailblazer, breaking barriers and paving the way for a diverse range of wrestlers who followed in his footsteps," the family said.

With his iconic shaved head, handlebar moustache and curled-toe shoes, Vaziri paid tribute to his Iranian heritage with his persona.

According to ESPN, before wrestling he was a bodyguard for Shah Mohammed Reza Pahlavi of Iran.

He almost made his country's Olympic wrestling team in 1968.

Vaziri eventually moved to the US, became an assistant coach for the American wrestling team, and joined the WWE (then under the name WWF) in 1979.

He is survived by his wife of 47 years, Caryl Vaziri, and his children Tanya, Nikki and Marisa.

"He was a loving and dedicated father," his family said.

"He instilled in them the values of perseverance, determination, and the importance of following their dreams. The Iron Sheik's guidance and unwavering belief in their potential served as a driving force for his children, empowering them to become the best versions of themselves."

Freddie Scappaticci always denied he was an Army agent within the IRA

Freddie Scappaticci, the man suspected of being Stakeknife, the Army's top agent within the IRA, has died.

Mr Scappaticci, who was in his 70s, always denied he was Stakeknife.

He left Northern Ireland in 2003 after media organisations alleged he had been working for the Army while head of the IRA's internal security unit.

Jon Boutcher, who is heading an investigation into Stakeknife's activities, said Mr Scappaticci died last week.

The IRA's internal security unit - known as "the nutting squad" - identified suspected informers, many of whom were murdered by the group after being kidnapped and tortured.

Mr Scappaticci, who formerly lived in west Belfast, was the grandson of an Italian immigrant who came to Northern Ireland in search of work.

In 2016, the Police Service of Northern Ireland commissioned an investigation into Stakeknife's activities led by Mr Boutcher, the former head of Bedfordshire police.

Mr Boutcher was in the process of preparing a report on his investigation, Operation Kenova.

The Operation Kenova team has investigated historical crimes, covering murder and torture, and the role of the state, including MI5.

Mr Boutcher said his team was "working through the implications" of Mr Scappaticci's death in consultation with stakeholders, including victims and bereaved families.

"The very nature of historical investigations will mean a higher likelihood that old age may catch up with those affected, be they perpetrators, witnesses, victims, family members or those who simply lived through those times, before matters are concluded," Mr Boucher said.

Mr Scappaticci left Northern Ireland when identified by the media as Stakeknife in 2003

He added that his team remained committed to "providing families with the truth of what happened to their loved ones" and pursuing criminal charges against several individuals.

The Operation Kenova report was due to be published earlier this year but has been delayed.

KRW Law, which represents some victims of the IRA's internal security unit, said the news of Mr Scappaticci's death would "frustrate many families" who had been waiting for the publication of the Operation Kenova report.

"Clearly the death will have an impact on both the content of the report and whether or not criminal prosecutions go ahead," they said.

Last week, Mr Boutcher said a key stage of the report had "taken longer than I had hoped".

The Public Prosecution Service (PPS) had about 30 files related to the Stakeknife investigation, awaiting decisions.

Mr Boutcher expressed hope that Mr Scappaticci's death would make more people comfortable to come forward and speak to his investigators.

If you're just joining our live coverage, or need a bit of a catch up, it's safe to say it's been a busy afternoon in the Commons.

We had PMQs at midday... in which deputy Labour leader Angela Rayner and justice secretary Dominic Raab stood in for their respective leaders, who were attending former speaker Baroness Boothroyd's funeral.

Rayner focused on... violence against women and girls, challenging the government on low rape convictions, and slow case progress. In a thinly veiled reference to his own bullying enquiry, she also asked Raab whether he wanted to see bullies brought to justice.

In response, Raab... said the conviction rate measured by the CPS in rape cases had gone up 69%; funding for victims had been quadrupled; and violence against women was one of the government's "top priorities". He also accused Rayner of being more interested in playing "political games" than the issues she was raising.

Away from Westminster, Sunak attended the funeral of former Commons speaker Baroness Boothroyd Image caption: Away from Westminster, Sunak attended the funeral of former Commons speaker Baroness Boothroyd

After that, we had a statement by Immigration Minister Robert Jenrick... who confirmed plans to house migrants arriving in the UK on small boats in accommodation such as repurposed barrack blocks on former military bases in Essex and Lincolnshire. There'll be another site in East Sussex, as well as one in Rishi Sunak's constituency.

Shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper... branded the plans an "admission of failure" by the government to tackle the migrant crisis. She said small boat crossings had increased and 40% fewer asylum cases were being decided due to the policies. She also accused the Home Office of behaving in such a panicked way that it had, she said, bid against itself for hotel contracts - driving prices up.

Labour MP Jess Phillips is not racist, shadow education secretary Bridget Phillipson has said, following a social media row involving Ms Phillips and a prominent headteacher.

Katharine Birbalsingh - from the Michaela Community School - has accused Ms Phillips of racism and bullying.

On Sunday, Ms Phillipson said Ms Birbalsingh should raise any concerns through a formal parliamentary process.

Ms Birbalsingh had already written to Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer.

The Twitter row began after Ms Birbalsingh posted a picture in May of the late popstar Tina Turner alongside Ms Turner's abusive ex-husband, Ike Turner, with the caption: "Good times."

In response, Ms Phillips, who is shadow minister for domestic violence and safeguarding, wrote: "Domestic abuse is never OK and we will defeat those who prop up the status quo."

Shortly afterwards Ms Birbalsingh deleted the tweet, then posted: "To the lunatics accusing me of celebrating wife beating - I tweeted a gif with a number of photos of Tina.

"For some reason it rested on one photo which I didn't notice when I tweeted... nor did I know that was Ike."

She added that "the explanation is not that I like wife beating".

Later that same day - 24 May - Ms Phillips wrote on Twitter: "Seems that far from holding any kind of line that headteacher woman seems not to be able to take criticism of her actions. I'd be keen to hear of domestic abuse policies she has in her school or teaching plans, perhaps I'll write."

On Saturday, Ms Birbalsingh posted an open letter to Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer on her Twitter account, writing that Ms Phillips' behaviour was "a clear example of 'unconscious bias'".

In the four-page letter, she wrote that Ms Phillips "hates me, despite not knowing me, because she subscribes to the idea that black and Asian individuals in public life owe a duty to voice opinions that match with a left wing view of the world, or they are worthy of her contempt".

Ms Birbalsingh said that she was not suggesting Ms Phillips "hates all people of colour".

She added that Ms Phillips called into question her school's safeguarding policies "in a deliberate attempt to challenge my competence as a headteacher".

She said that after Ms Phillips' tweets, people contacted her institution saying it was "unsafe for female teachers and pupils". She said the Teaching Regulation Agency had been contacted with a demand that she be struck off.

Asked on Sky News' Sophy Ridge on Sunday show whether she thought Ms Phillips was racist, Ms Phillipson said: "No, I don't. But I think it's important that, if people have concerns, if they're unhappy about the conduct of a member of parliament, that can be investigated as part of that process."

Ms Phillips did not refer to Ms Birbalsingh's ethnicity in any of her posts.

Ms Birbalsingh - dubbed Britain's strictest head teacher - attracted controversy during her time as the chair of the Social Mobility Commission between November 2021 and January 2023.

She came under fire last April for saying girls are less likely to choose physics A-level because it involves "hard maths" - later admitting her remarks had been "clunky".

She resigned as the government's top social mobility adviser in January saying that she was doing "more harm than good" in the role.

More recently, Ms Birbalsingh - who describes herself as a "floating voter" - spoke at the National Conservatism conference.

The BBC has contacted Ms Phillips for comment.

Long queues built up on the A40 after it was closed

Major travel problems affected Easter Monday bank holiday drivers and train passengers in parts of Wales.

Dyfed-Powys Police warned of "high volumes of traffic" after a serious crash closed the A40 in both directions between St Clears and Carmarthen.

The crash happened at 04:45 BST and the road reopened about seven hours later.

Meanwhile, Transport for Wales (TfW) issued a "do not travel" warning for trains on the south Wales main line until at least 13:00 on Monday.

While services resumed after 13:00, the rail operator said trains were "still subject to residual disruption" and urged commuters to check before they travelled.

TfW blamed "signalling and power issues" between Bridgend and Llanelli and said it was unable to run services between Cardiff and Carmarthen, and on the Heart of Wales line between Swansea and Shrewsbury.

Services on the Maesteg and Vale of Glamorgan lines were also affected.

Bank holiday motorists faced long delays after the crash on the A40

TfW said there was "extremely limited replacement road transport" available.

Tickets bought for travel on Monday will be valid on Tuesday, and TfW said "customers are encouraged to travel tomorrow if possible".

It added: "Services on the Marches line through Shrewsbury are also expected to be very busy today due to an earlier incident of suspected cable theft which disrupted a number of early morning services".

Elsewhere in Wales, there were reports of slow and heavy traffic at places including the A487 between Llanfarian and Rhydyfelin in Ceredigion, A458 at Welshpool, Powys, A55 in Flintshire and Conwy, M4 at Newport, A483 Wrexham by-pass, and A438 Fabian Way into Swansea.

Krystle Berger before and after she has used an app called FaceTune to change her appearance

The issue of photo manipulation on social media has long been a concern for many, but with the technology now increasingly extending to videos, should authorities intervene?

Krystle Berger insists that she is "not drastically changing my features" when she posts photos and videos across Instagram, TikTok and Facebook. "I'm really just digitally giving myself the perfect make-up and lighting," she says.

A young mother from the US state of Indiana, Ms Berger pays to subscribe to an app called FaceTune that has been downloaded more than 200 million times around the world.

The app allows users to both make subtle changes to their facial appearance, such as smoothing over wrinkles, or alternatively - completely transform how they look. For example, they can narrow their face, change the shape and size of their eyes, or give themselves a digital nose-job.

Originally only able to work on photos, two years ago FaceTune launched a version for short selfie videos that has increasingly grown in its effectiveness since then.

FaceTune was one of the first firms in the sector to extend its app from still images to videos

Meanwhile, another popular app that allows users to alter their social media photos - Perfect365 - is due to launch its video version later this year.

FaceTune is owned by Israeli-firm Lightricks and two years ago the company was reported to have a valuation of $1.8bn (£1.4bn).

Lightricks' founder Zeev Farbman says that "the name of the game" is making the app work as easily as possible. "You want to give people 80% of the power, with 20% of the complexity of professional software. That's the game we are trying to play."

But it has long been argued that such tools are unhealthy, in that they promote an unrealistic view of beauty that can be dangerous, particularly for impressionable children and young adults. For example, 80% of teenage girls said they had changed their appearance in an online photo by the age of 13, according to a 2021 survey by skincare brand Dove.

While no-one is calling for the tech to be banned, there have been increasing moves to force social media advertisers and influencers - people who are often being paid to promote products in a more informal way - to admit when they have altered their physical image.

Should governments regulate the use of social media photo and video manipulation?

Norway introduced a law in 2021 that requires these two social media groups to indicate whether a photograph has been retouched. France is now going one stage further, and is in the process of demanding the same requirement, but for both photos and videos.

Meanwhile, the UK is now looking at the same issue, as the government's Online Safety Bill continues to make its way through Parliament. However, it remains to be seen whether the law will target just adverts on social media, or influencers as well.

A spokesperson for the new Department for Science, Innovation and Technology said: "The government recognises the threat that digitally manipulated content can pose, and takes the issue very seriously."

Conservative MP Luke Evans has long campaigned for advertisers and influencers to admit when they have altered an image on social media.

He wants to see the new law "contain future proofed regulation", so it also requires the same admission for altered videos, and any other tech developments.

"It's imperative that we have wider awareness and increased transparency surrounding these new technologies," he says. "For me this is all about honesty."

New Tech Economy is a series exploring how technological innovation is set to shape the new emerging economic landscape.

Mr Farbman's response is that while "this conversation was always there... over time the acceptance of these tools just grows". He adds that it is a free speech issue. "It's always kind of weird to me that a company will decide to limit the expressive freedom of its users, because of aesthetic or ethical sensibilities."

Sean Mao, the chief executive of San Francisco-based Perfect365, urges people to use its app "in a safe and ethical way". He adds: "We encourage people to use the app to express their creativity and not to use the app with malicious intent to deceive others or misrepresent themselves."

Psychologist Stuart Duff, a partner at UK practice Pearn Kandola, says that some social media influencers will always be tempted to use tricks to improve their online appearance - because being good-looking sells.

"Physical attraction has a very strong but often unconscious influence on our decisions when it comes to buying products and services from others," he says.

"When asked what matters most, we consciously talk down the importance of physical appearance and talk up qualities such as intelligence, values and personality, yet psychological research consistently reveals a strong positive relationship between a person's attractiveness and their ability to sell to us."

One social media influencer who goes by the name of Brandon B has 5.6 million subscribers on YouTube. He takes the view that photo and video manipulation apps should be seen in a positive light.

Social media influencer Brandon B says that image manipulation apps can give some people increased confidence

"I'm glad these apps exist, because I think there are a lot of people who are not body positive enough to present on social media, so they might feel left out," he says. "These tools help them get on social media."

However, Dr Shira Brown, an emergency physician at South Niagara Hospital, in Ontario, Canada, says that "distorted perceptions of body image" appear to be being "exacerbated by common social media practices".

She adds: "We see the urgent mental health consequences of social media in our departments on a daily basis, such as anxiety, suicidal thoughts, and depression."

The attack happened in the town of San Luis Río Colorado on the US border

A man has been arrested in Mexico on suspicion of setting fire to a bar after he was kicked out, killing 11 people, officials say.

The attack happened on Friday night in San Luis Río Colorado, which borders the United States. The bar sits just one street away from the border.

Authorities say a drunk young man hurled a Molotov cocktail at the Beer House bar after being thrown out.

He had reportedly been harassing women before being ejected.

The mayor of San Luis Río Colorado tweeted on Saturday afternoon that a suspect had been arrested. He has not yet been named.

The fire killed seven men and four women and left four other people hospitalised, according to a statement from the Sonora state Attorney General's Office. A number of those injured were rushed across the border to hospitals in the United States for treatment.

"According to versions (from) several witnesses, the person with a young, male appearance was disrespecting women in that bar and was expelled," the statement said.

It described the object thrown as "a kind of 'Molotov' cocktail".

Investigations continue to "clarify the facts" and "bring justice" it said, adding that "in Sonora, no one is above the law".

It is unclear if the incident is related to organised crime, which has plagued Mexico for years.

Guadeloupe-born author Maryse Condé, who was renowned for epic novels tackling the legacy of slavery and colonialism in Africa and the Caribbean, has died at the age of 90.

One of the most celebrated voices in the French-speaking world, Condé's works included 1984's Segu and 1986's I, Tituba: Black Witch of Salem.

She also wrote plays and non-fiction.

In 2018, she won an award set up in place of the Nobel Prize in Literature, which was engulfed in scandal.

Condé was the first and remains the only winner of the New Academy Prize in Literature, whose judges praised the way she "describes the ravages of colonialism and post-colonial chaos in a language which is both precise and overwhelming".

She wanted to be a writer since she read Emily Brontë's Wuthering Heights as a child, but didn't publish her first novel until she was in her 40s.

That book was 1976's Heremakhonon, which means "waiting for happiness" in the the west African Malinke language. It followed a woman from the Caribbean who lived and taught in Paris, and who travelled to Africa to trace her identity.

But what she discovered did not match her expectations. The author described it as "a novel about disenchantment and pain".

She said it was not autobiographical, but there were parallels with her own story. Condé moved to study at the Sorbonne in Paris, where her eyes were opened to the history of colonialism, slavery and her own African roots.

"When I was a child I was very spoilt by my parents. I was oblivious to the outside world," she told the Guardian in 2020.

"I was convinced that I was one of the most beautiful girls in the world and certainly one of the most intelligent, but when I came to study in France I discovered people's prejudices. People believed I was inferior just because I was black.

"I had to prove to them I was gifted and to show to everybody that the colour of my skin didn't matter - what matters is in your brain and in your heart."

After marrying Guinean actor Mamadou Condé, she moved to his home country, then to Ghana, Mali and Senegal, before returning to teach at the Sorbonne.

Heremakhonon's depiction of the flaws of African socialism proved controversial, with three West African countries ordering copies to be destroyed.

"In those days, the entire world was talking of the success of African socialism," she later wrote. "I dared to say that... these countries were victims of dictators prepared to starve their populations."

Among her subsequent books, Segu depicted the fortunes of a historical kingdom in modern-day Mali, which was torn apart by the arrival of the slave trade and Islam.

In I, Tituba: Black Witch of Salem, Condé told the story of a slave who was one of the first women to be accused of witchcraft during the 1692 Salem witch trials.

Reviewing the book, US author Howard Frank Mosher wrote in the New York Times: "It is impossible to read her novels and not come away from them with both a sadder and more exhilarating understanding of the human heart, in all its secret intricacies, its contradictions and marvels."

Her other works included Windward Heights - which relocated Wuthering Heights to Cuba and Guadeloupe - as well as volumes of essays and autobiography.

Condé had four children. She and her husband divorced in 1981 and she went on to marry British teacher Richard Philcox, who was also her translator. They lived in the US for two decades, where she was professor emerita of French at Columbia University in New York.

Condé was awarded France's Legion of Honour in 2004, and was twice nominated for the International Booker Prize - first for her entire body of work in 2015, then in 2023 for her final novel, The Gospel According to the New World.

Awaab Ishak died from a respiratory condition caused by mould in his home

A housing association criticised over the death of a toddler treated its residents in "dismissive, inappropriate or unsympathetic ways", a report says.

The Housing Ombudsman launched an investigation after the death of Awaab Ishak, who lived in a mouldy flat owned by Rochdale Boroughwide Housing (RBH).

Until the two-year-old boy's inquest, the company had struggled to "learn from its mistakes", the report said.

"We accept their findings," she said. "Sadly for me there were things that weren't surprising, there were things that we've found over the last few months that need to be addressed and really I'd just like to start by saying sorry."

Richard Blakeway, housing ombudsman, said: "Our investigation has highlighted that culture change will be central to the landlord's recovery.

"The weakness in policies, repeated failures and failure to learn from complaints has led us to conclude there was wider service failure by the landlord in areas other than its response to damp and mould, including record keeping and communication.

"Our investigation found reoccurring instances of residents being treated in dismissive, inappropriate or unsympathetic ways. In some instances, the language used was derogatory."

Awaab died in December 2020 from a respiratory condition caused by exposure to mould in his home.

RBH, which has 12,500 properties in the borough and has admitted more than 1,800 homes have issues with damp, was widely criticised after the coroner's conclusion regarding Awaab's death.

The boy's father had repeatedly raised concerns with the housing association but no action was taken.

RBH was consequently stripped of £1m in funds for new housing by the government, with Housing Secretary Michael Gove saying it had "failed its tenants".

The ombudsman's special investigation found the "dismissive and discriminatory attitude towards residents" was not restricted to Awaab's family, nor complaints about damp and mould - with issues arising in cases involving general repairs, the ending of tenancies and anti-social behaviour.

The report said: "This strongly indicates that unsympathetic, inappropriate, or even heavy-handed behaviour towards residents is present throughout the landlord's interactions.

"While all staff were provided with 'respect' training at induction there is no evidence this is repeated.

"This is a significant concern and requires a comprehensive and sustained focus on shifting behaviour and culture."

But it praised Ms Arrowsmith who was "determined to lead from the front with the development of their recovery plan".

She said it was "just not acceptable" that any residents "felt that their voice hasn't been heard".

But she said "we do have a lot of very good staff here who are really want to make the changes that are needed and we have a plan in place".

Ms Arrowsmith acknowledged there was "a significant problem with damp and mould" in homes but said her organisation was "trying to get all of the treatments done as quickly as we can".

Staff were also looking at "vulnerabilities within the household to see how we prioritise them," she said.

"But it's a big task and it's going to take us time to work our way through that."

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The Prince and Princess of Wales were among the guests at the wedding of Crown Prince Hussein and Saudi architect Rajwa Al Saif. The occasion was marked by music, dancing and clapping. Jordanians took to the streets in celebration.

SpaceX's anticipated launch of its Starship - the most powerful space rocket ever built - was a success.

But, if you were watching you might have been confused about what happened. There were cheers and applause over the success of the launch... but there was also an explosion.

The BBC's science correspondent Jonathan Amos breaks down how the launch went.

The Iskander - seen here in an archive photo - has a range of up to 500km (310 miles)

Russia will station tactical nuclear weapons in Belarus, President Vladimir Putin has said.

President Putin said the move would not violate nuclear non-proliferation agreements and compared it to the US stationing its weapons in Europe, according to Russian state media.

Moscow would not be transferring control of its arms to Minsk, he added.

The US said it did not believe Russia was preparing to use the nuclear weapons after the announcement.

"We have not seen any reason to adjust our own strategic nuclear posture," the US Defense Department said in a statement.

"We remain committed to the collective defence of the Nato alliance."

Belarus shares a long border with Ukraine, and with Nato members Poland, Lithuania and Latvia.

This will be the first time since the mid-1990s that Moscow will have based nuclear arms outside the country.

The Soviet Union's collapse in 1991 meant weapons became based in four newly-independent states - Russia, Ukraine, Belarus and Kazakhstan - with the transfer of all warheads to Russia completed in 1996.

The Belarusian regime is a firm Kremlin ally and supporter of the invasion of Ukraine.

President Putin told Russian state television on Saturday that Belarusian leader Alexander Lukashenko had long raised the issue of stationing tactical nuclear weapons in Belarus.

"There is nothing unusual here either," he said. "Firstly, the United States has been doing this for decades. They have long deployed their tactical nuclear weapons on the territory of their allied countries."

Russia will start training crews to operate the weapons from next week. The construction of a storage facility for tactical nuclear weapons in Belarus will be completed by 1 July, President Putin added.

A small number of Iskander tactical missile systems, which can be used to launch nuclear weapons, have already been transferred to Belarus, President Putin said.

He did not specify when the weapons themselves would be sent.

The announcement to station weapons in Belarus comes only days after Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to Moscow, during which Russia and China issued a joint statement saying "all nuclear powers must not deploy their nuclear weapons beyond their national territories, and they must withdraw all nuclear weapons deployed abroad."

On Sunday, a top security adviser to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said that Russia's plans are a "step towards internal destabilisation" of Belarus and predicted anti-Russian sentiment in the country would grow. "The Kremlin took Belarus as a nuclear hostage," Oleksiy Danilov wrote on Twitter.

And exiled Belarusian opposition leader Svetlana Tikhanovskaya said that Russia's deployment of tactical nuclear weapons "grossly contradicts the will of the Belarusian people".

President Putin's comments come after President Zelensky renewed his plea for more military support from his Western allies.

Earlier this week, some 18 countries signed an agreement to supply the war-torn country with at least one million artillery shells over the next year.

But in an interview with a Japanese newspaper, President Zelensky said Ukraine could not launch a potential counter-offensive in the east of the country until further ammunition arrived.

Daniel Korski was one of three candidates shortlisted by the Conservative Party to run for London mayor

Tory London mayoral hopeful Daniel Korski has pulled out of the contest, after being accused of groping by novelist and TV producer Daisy Goodwin.

Mr Korski said he "categorically" denied the allegation against him.

But he said he was withdrawing from the race because the pressure on his family and the "inability to get a hearing" for his message "makes it impossible for my campaign to carry on".

Ms Goodwin said he groped her during a meeting at 10 Downing Street in 2013.

She wrote about the alleged incident in 2017 but did not name Mr Korski until Monday, saying she hoped this would encourage other women to come forward.

Reacting to Mr Korski quitting the contest, Ms Goodwin said: "I am glad he has withdrawn - it shows that women can speak out against misbehaviour in the workplace and be believed.

"If I was in the ethics department of the Cabinet Office, I would be wondering why such behaviour went unchecked in Downing Street."

In a statement Mr Korski said: "I categorically deny the allegation against me.

"Nothing was ever put to me formally 10 years ago. Nor seven years ago when the allegation was alluded to.

"No investigation has ever taken place. I have been clear I would welcome and constructively participate in any investigation."

However, he said he was withdrawing from the contest "with a heavy heart", adding: "The news agenda is becoming a distraction from the race and the Conservative Party."

Mr Korski, 46, was one of three candidates shortlisted by the Conservative Party ahead of next year's election, when Labour's Sadiq Khan will be running for a third term as mayor.

In an article in the Times on Monday, Ms Goodwin said Mr Korski - then a special adviser at 10 Downing Street - had put his hand on her breast.

Ms Goodwin, 61, said that since the article's publication other women had contacted her with "interesting stories", but added she could not provide details for legal reasons.

She told BBC Radio 4's Today programme she had not previously reported the incident because of attitudes at the time.

However, Ms Goodwin, who was behind the successful ITV drama Victoria, said she made a formal complaint to the Cabinet Office on Tuesday.

In an interview with TalkTV on Tuesday, Mr Korski was asked about the possibility of further allegations, replying: "To the best of my knowledge, absolutely, I don't expect anybody to come out and say anything."

His campaign was coming under increasing pressure after several of his backers, including Children and Families Minister Claire Coutinho, paused their support.

Downing Street had described the allegation as "very serious".

It leaves London Assembly member Susan Hall and barrister Moz Hossain as the two remaining contenders to be the Conservative mayoral candidate.

The Conservatives said the selection process would continue with these two contenders.

Ms Hall said Mr Korski had "fought a hard campaign with lots of fresh ideas" but the allegation against him was "serious" and it was right this was investigated.

Born in Denmark and the son of Polish emigres, Mr Korski was deputy head of the Number 10 policy unit between 2013 and 2016.

A campaigner to stay in the EU, he left Number 10 when David Cameron did after the Brexit referendum. He has previously worked for a think tank and as a journalist.

He is a technology entrepreneur, having set up his own business providing support for companies seeking contracts in the public sector.

The central message of his campaign to be the Conservatives' mayoral candidate was enabling people to achieve the "London dream".

His key offer was the pledge to provide new solutions to old problems, such as pay-per-mile road-pricing to tackle congestion and air pollution in the capital.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

Sharon Beshenivsky had been a PC for less than a year before she was murdered in Bradford in November 2005

Almost 20 years after PC Sharon Beshenivsky was shot and killed on her daughter's fourth birthday, the last member of the armed gang responsible for her death has been found guilty of her murder.

The conviction of Piran Ditta Khan, 75, marks the end of almost two decades of evading justice for his part in the killing of the West Yorkshire Police officer after she interrupted a raid at a Bradford travel agents on 18 November 2005.

For Andy Brennan, who was then the detective superintendent tasked with leading the manhunt, Khan's conviction is the fulfilment of a long-held promise he made to PC Beshenivsky's husband, Paul, on the day of her death.

"I gave him a commitment on that day that we would go to the 'nth' degree to make sure all of those responsible would be placed before the court," he says.

Before the fatal shooting in Bradford city centre earlier that evening, PC Beshenivsky had been coming to the end of her shift and was soon due to head home to join the birthday celebrations for the couple's little girl.

Mr Brennan remembers that he and Mr Beshenivsky were still surrounded by unopened cards and presents as he made his promise.

It was "very humbling to see how he controlled himself in front of the children having been given the news of his wife's death," Mr Brennan says. "It was an emotional time."

"I'm a father, but, for me, in that position at that time, I couldn't show my emotions because Paul was looking at me to tell him what was going on and what we were going to do," he adds.

Sharon Beshenivsky was a mum to three children and two stepchildren with her husband Paul

PC Beshenivsky, a 38-year-old mother of three as well as two stepchildren, had been an officer for just nine months when she was gunned down in a raid at the Universal Express travel agents.

Shot at close range and left lying on the pavement, her injuries were instantly fatal.

Her colleague, Teresa Milburn, then 37, was also shot and seriously injured at the same time, though she survived the attack.

The pair had been responding to a silent panic alarm which had been activated at the travel agents on Morley Street just 30 minutes before the end of their shifts that Friday afternoon.

In the huge manhunt that followed, the gang, who had escaped with little more than £5,000, were eventually caught.

Before Khan was convicted, a further six men had been sentenced in connection with PC Beshenivsky's death

In 2006, Muzzaker Imtiaz Shah and Yusuf Abdullah Jama were sentenced to life and told they would both serve at least 35 years in jail for PC Beshenivsky's murder.

A third man, Faisal Razzaq, was cleared of her murder but found guilty of manslaughter. He was sentenced to life with a minimum term of 11 years.

A year later, Hassan Razzaq, the brother of Faisal, was also convicted of manslaughter and sentenced to 20 years in prison.

That same year, Raza Ul Haq Aslam, was convicted of robbery and jailed for eight years.

However, two suspects remained at large. One was Mustaf Jama, who had used a friend's passport to flee to his native Somalia. The other wanted man, Piran Ditta Khan, had escaped to Pakistan.

Jama was eventually extradited in 2007 when he was smuggled out of Africa in an undercover operation. The brother of Yusuf Jama, he was found guilty of murder and jailed for life with a minimum term of 35 years.

But it was to be another 17 years before Khan was to face justice for his role as the robbery's instigator.

Piran Ditta Khan fled to Pakistan after PC Beshenivsky's murder in 2005, but was extradited in 2023

Back in 2006, when Mr Brennan was piecing together the investigation, detectives built a picture that showed Khan was the mastermind behind the plot.

Khan had used the travel agents to send money to Pakistan and knew that "substantial amounts" of cash would be held at the premises.

Looking back, Mr Brennan says: "The information we were getting was that he was more important in relation to the organisation of what had taken place than any of the other six individuals.

"The more information and evidence we got, the clearer his role became of being an instigator."

But by the time police were in a position to arrest him, Khan had already fled to Pakistan - something Mr Brennan says was "seriously disappointing".

Getting Khan back to face justice was a long and drawn-out process.

Because there is no extradition treaty between the UK and Pakistan, a diplomatic request was made by the UK for his removal.

Mr Brennan said: "I spent about 12 to 18 months every week going down to the Foreign and Commonwealth Office and the Home Office.

"I was meeting them on a weekly basis to say, this is the position we're in, these are the individuals we want back.

"We put pressure on them [the authorities in Pakistan] all the time, but effectively we were in their hands to arrest one of their citizens."

Up until January 2020, Khan remained free. However, he was eventually arrested in Pakistan, with his solicitor describing him as a "scared and shivering man".

It then took another three years before Khan was brought back to the UK.

By the time of Khan's extradition, Mr Brennan had retired from West Yorkshire Police, but recalls being "elated" by the development.

"I knew this was always bubbling away in the background and would never be allowed to go away," he says.

"When I left the case it wasn't complete, but it never left me.

"So, when I found out he was on his way back to the UK, I was incredibly pleased. I remember having a glass of wine."

Mr Brennan describes Khan as a "very dangerous man" who was "incredibly greedy" and "entirely responsible" for what had taken place.

The former officer says: "He managed to persuade a group to commit this robbery on the pretext that there was a significant amount of money there.

"But they fled with £5,000 and committed the murder of a police officer on duty."

Teresa Milburn, who was also injured, said her colleague PC Beshenivsky did not stand a chance against the gunmen

Now all those responsible for the events of 18 November 2005 have been convicted, Mr Brennan says he believes the bravery of both PC Beshenvisky and PC Milburn should be officially recognised.

"I know this case inside out and I look back on their actions that day," he says.

"They turned up to a silent alarm taking place - that would usually indicate a robbery or something more serious - and in that knowledge they approached the premises.

"Both Sharon and Teresa are extremely brave to have done what they did. They could have waited by their cars or could have radioed for armed assistance, but they didn't.

"I think that was down to the fact they wanted to protect the public and make sure the occupants in the travel agents were safe and well."

Meanwhile, Mr Brennan says that though Khan's conviction may have been a long time in the making, he was never in any doubt the promise he made to PC Beshenivsky's family would be fulfilled.

"I made it perfectly clear to Sharon's family, to Teresa and to the public, that we would leave no stone unturned to get justice," he says.

"I had a superb team working with me who gave 110%.

"So, in my mind, I was confident we would find everyone involved on that horrific day."

Follow BBC Yorkshire on Facebook, X (formerly Twitter) and Instagram. Send your story ideas to yorkslincs.news@bbc.co.uk.

North Korea says it has tested an underwater drone that can unleash a "radioactive tsunami"

North Korea says it has tested an underwater drone that can unleash a "radioactive tsunami".

The "secret weapon" was put in the waters off South Hamgyong province on Tuesday, state news agency KCNA says.

It cruised for over 59 hours at a depth of 80 to 150 metres and was detonated off its east coast, the report says.

But analysts urge caution on North Korea's claim about the capabilities of the new weapon.

Tensions on the Korean peninsula have been running high, as the US and South Korea concluded the largest joint field exercises in five years on Thursday.

South Korea President Yoon Suk-yeol said on Friday he would "make sure North Korea pays the price for its reckless provocations".

Dubbed "Haeil", Korean for tsunami, the North's weapon is designed to attack enemy vessels and ports by setting off a "super-scale" radioactive wave, KCNA says.

"This nuclear underwater attack drone can be deployed at any coast and port or towed by a surface ship for operation," it adds.

North Korean leader Kim Jong Un supervised this exercise, and said it should serve as a warning for the US and South Korea to "realise the DPRK's unlimited nuclear war deterrence capability being bolstered up at a greater speed", AFP reported.

North Korea's latest weapon appears to be emulating Russian Poseidon torpedoes, said to be capable of spawning radioactive ocean swells and nuclear tsunamis that could destroy coastal cities in the US.

This weapon is the first of its kind, says Hong Min, a research fellow at the Korea Institute for National Unification. "It is very difficult to be detected in advance by any reconnaissance or interceptor assets that South Korea and the United States have so far."

"North Korea is showing a behavioural pattern of responding with 'nuclear weapons' to all military responses against the past, ongoing and future [US-South Korea] joint exercises," he said.

But Leif-Eric Easley, a professor at Ewha University in Seoul, said Pyongyang's latest claim "should be met with scepticism".

"It is clearly intended to show that the Kim regime has so many different means of nuclear attack that any pre-emptive or decapitation strike against it would fail disastrously," he said.

Ankit Panda, a nuclear weapons specialist at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, said: "I tend to take North Korea seriously, but can't rule out the possibility that this is an attempt at deception/psyop (psychological operations)."

Mr Yoon said North Korea was "advancing its nuclear weapons by the day, and carrying out missile provocations with an unprecedented intensity". He made the comments at a ceremony marking West Sea Defence Day, an annual holiday to commemorate the soldiers who died while defending the Northern Limit Line, a disputed maritime border between the Koreas.

Separately, the North fired strategic cruise missiles on Wednesday "tipped with a test warhead simulating a nuclear warhead", KCNA says.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Ankit Panda This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Last Thursday, Pyongyang test-fired an intercontinental ballistic missile just hours before the leaders of South Korea and Japan met for landmark talks.

In 2022, North Korea launched more than 90 missiles - the most it has ever fired in a single year to date - despite being subject to a raft of sanctions from the UN, the US, the EU and its neighbouring countries.

North Korea has become more assertive in its nuclear strategy under Kim Jong Un, who has overseen much of its recent development of its weapons programme, and four of the six nuclear tests so far.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Parts of the tourist submersible that imploded on a deep dive to the Titanic, killing five people, have been seen for the first time since the incident.

Metal wreckage from the Titan sub was unloaded from the Horizon Arctic ship in St John's, Canada, on Wednesday.

Photographs showed metal pieces from the sub covered in tarps before cranes lifted them on to trucks.

US Coast Guard officials have said the submersible's landing frame and a rear cover were found among the debris.

All five people on board the vessel died on 18 June after it imploded about 90 minutes into a dive to view the famous 1912 shipwreck, which sits at a depth of 3,800m (12,500ft) in the north Atlantic.

The submersible's construction included at least one titanium end cap, a titanium ring and a carbon fibre cylinder.

The debris brought ashore on Wednesday appeared to include at least one titanium end cap, the sub's porthole with its window missing, as well as a titanium ring, landing frame and the end equipment bay, according to BBC science correspondent Jonathan Amos.

The bits of debris were carefully loaded onto trucks by workers in the port of St John's

A piece of the submersible that contained the porthole, shown with its window missing, appeared to be brought ashore

One part appeared to be of the tail section of the OceanGate Titan sub that would normally be covered by the fuselage

A crane lifted some of the debris after they were salvaged by recovery workers

Some of the debris was covered up as crews loaded parts onto trucks

Wires from a metal part of the Titan could be seen

Pieces that resembled the submersible's landing legs were also brought ashore

A titanium ring appeared to be hoisted into the air by a crane

So far, five major pieces have been found below the surface in a large debris field near the bow of the Titanic, according to the last update from the US Coast Guard.

The agency has launched an investigation into the causes of the Titan disaster, which is in its initial phase.

Officials have said they will try to establish what caused the implosion, and make recommendations to prevent future tragedies.

The head of OceanGate, which organised the dive, 61-year-old Stockton Rush; British explorer Hamish Harding, 58; Shahzada Dawood, 48, and his son, Suleman Dawood, 19; and French diver Paul-Henry Nargeolet, 77, all died in the incident.

Jessica Parker explores how the search for the Titan submersible unfolded and its devastating outcome.

OceanGate has since been criticised for its safety practices. Former employees had raised several concerns about the Titan sub, which was not subject to regulation.

In email messages seen by the BBC, Mr Rush had previously dismissed safety worries from one expert, saying he was "tired of industry players who try to use a safety argument to stop innovation".

In a statement last week, OceanGate said it was "an extremely sad time for our employees who are exhausted and grieving deeply over this loss".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: James Cameron told the BBC he "felt in his bones" what happened to the sub

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

The former boss of McDonald's has been fined by the US financial watchdog for misleading investors about his firing in 2019.

Steve Easterbrook has agreed to pay a $400,000 penalty, without admitting or denying the claims.

The fast food chain fired him after finding he had had a consensual relationship with an employee.

At the time, the Chicago-based firm said that he had "violated company policy".

Further investigation uncovered hidden relationships with other staff members.

The food giant prohibits "any kind of intimate relationship between employees in a direct or indirect reporting relationship".

The British businessman initially received more than $105m (£86m) as part of a severance package.

But following an investigation, the other relationships came to light.

McDonald's said had it been aware of this, it would not have approved the multimillion-dollar deal.

It launched legal action against Mr Easterbrook, accusing him of lying about sexual relationships with staff.

In December 2021, Mr Easterbrook returned the money and apologised for failing to uphold the firm's values.

On Monday, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) in the United States said that he had made "false and misleading statements to investors".

It added: "Easterbrook knew or was reckless in not knowing that his failure to disclose these additional violations of company policy prior to his termination would influence McDonald's disclosures to investors related to his departure and compensation."

McDonald's was also charged by the SEC with "shortcomings" in its public disclosures related to Easterbrook's firing.

However, the agency said the firm had "substantially co-operated" with the investigation and would not be hit with any fines as a result.

McDonald's said the SEC order reinforced the fact it held Mr Easterbrook "accountable for his misconduct".

"We fired him, and then sued him upon learning that he lied about his behaviour," it said.

"The company continues to ensure our values are part of everything we do, and we are proud of our strong 'speak up' culture that encourages employees to report conduct by any employee, including the CEO, that falls short of our expectations."

Mr Easterbrook, a UK citizen who grew up in Watford, Hertfordshire, led McDonald's from March 2015 to November 2019, after previously leading its UK operations.

He was widely credited with revitalising the firm's menus, remodelling stores and using better ingredients. The value of its shares more than doubled during his tenure in the US.

Last updated on .From the section Tennis

Coverage: Live text and radio commentaries of selected matches across BBC Radio 5 Sports Extra, the BBC Sport website and app

Iga Swiatek maintained her recent grip on the French Open by fighting past Karolina Muchova to win her third Roland Garros title in four years.

The top seed was the heavy favourite to beat 43rd-ranked Muchova, but had to dig deep to win 6-2 5-7 6-4.

Czech player Muchova, 26, broke for 4-3 in the decider, but Poland's Swiatek, 22, finished strongly to triumph.

Swiatek, who has now won four Grand Slams, is the first woman to defend the title since Justine Henin in 2007.

"It wasn't an easy match. It was a pretty intense last few weeks," said world number one Swiatek, who dropped the lid off the Coupe Suzanne Lenglen seconds after collecting the trophy.

"I am just really happy. I never really focus on the records. I just do my best every day."

Muchova - told to quit last year by doctors because of injuries - showed remarkable resolve to fight back from a set and 3-0 down, not only making a contest of what had been a one-sided match but moving to within two service holds of a first major title.

However, after immediately being unable to back up the break as Swiatek levelled for 4-4, Muchova ended up losing in one of the cruellest possible ways by producing a double fault on her opponent's first match point.

Swiatek instantly dropped her racquet and dropped to her haunches, bursting into tears on the court before hugging Muchova when she came around the net.

As Swiatek ran up to the stands to celebrate with her team - like she did after winning 12 months ago - Muchova sat in her chair contemplating what might have been.

Muchova received a rapturous standing ovation when she went to collect her runners-up prize, which led to her being overcome with emotion.

"It was so close yet so far. That's what happens when you play one of the best in Iga," she said.

Swiatek, who has won a seventh title in 16 clay-court tournaments, had not dropped a set at Roland Garros this year - nor in any of her three previous major finals - until Muchova took the match into a decider.

She looked uncharacteristically flustered as Muchova threatened an upset, only to regain her composure when it mattered.

When former world number one Ashleigh Barty announced her surprise retirement in March 2022, it opened up the top of the women's game and left a void, with nobody entirely sure who would fill it.

Enter Swiatek. Having already won the French Open as a virtually unknown teenager in 2020, she clearly had the potential to take over from Barty but perhaps not the confidence.

However, that all changed in a stunning clay-court season last year which formed the bulk of a 37-match winning streak and led to the Pole becoming the dominant force in the women's game.

This year, she has come under pressure from Belarus' Aryna Sabalenka and Kazakstan's Elena Rybakina - as the trio formed a new 'big three' - leading to doubts over whether Swiatek could dominate Roland Garros again in the same manner.

A thigh injury in the build-up at Rome also led to further questions, but Swiatek quickly dispelled any notion she was no longer the favourite by storming through the draw on the Paris clay.

Rybakina's withdrawal early in the tournament through illness ended the prospect of her facing Swiatek in the last four, while Muchova's shock semi-final win over Sabalenka ensured a final few people had predicted.

Instead Swiatek faced the clever Czech, who reached the 2021 Australian Open semi-finals before an array of physical problems derailed her career.

Swiatek started sharply by winning 12 of the first 15 points in the match, holding serve in a 10-minute game to lead 4-1 and facing no more problems as she broke again to clinch the opening set.

An identical start to the second set - Swiatek again breaking on the way to a 3-0 lead - left those watching wondering if Muchova was also going to be heavily beaten like the Pole's previous final opponents Sofia Kenin and Coco Gauff were.

But this time Muchova recovered to turn the match into a compelling contest.

Suddenly Swiatek had problems to solve and, with thoughts of a straightforward victory long gone, became animated as she tried to figure out what was going wrong.

The fact she did was another sure sign of her quality. Regaining her composure, which in turn increased the pressure on Muchova, enabled Swiatek to join Monica Seles and Naomi Osaka as the only women to win their first four major finals in the Open era.

"I think Swiatek will win double-digit Slams. Will she get to what Serena Williams achieved [23]? I don't think so but this is what the women's game needs," said former British number one Greg Rusedski, who was analysing the final for BBC Radio 5 Live.

"There's so many great players around her. She is a dominant force but they are all getting better. They are forced to because of how good Swiatek is."
• None Alerts: Get tennis news sent to your phone
• None A true crime drama weaving together the 1973 investigation with the cold case review
• None A chaotic comedy you can't risk to miss:

Last updated on .From the section European Football

Referees' body PGMOL says it is appalled by the "unjustified and abhorrent" abuse directed at Anthony Taylor in Budapest Airport following Wednesday's Europa League final.

The Englishman had officiated the game, where Sevilla beat Roma on penalties after a 1-1 draw.

Taylor and his family were then shouted at by angry fans at the airport.

Budapest airport officials said an Italian citizen involved in the incident had been charged with affray.

In the video, which has been shared on social media, Taylor and his family are accosted by fans as they are escorted through the airport. Scuffles then break out as they disappear through a secure door and a chair is thrown.

Following the game, Roma manager Jose Mourinho was seen in a car park confronting Taylor with a foul-mouthed rant.

A Budapest Airport statement read: "Fans of the losing Roma team recognised the referee in the food court of the airport, where he was waiting for his flight to depart.

"Thanks to the airport operator's close co-operation with the police and the increased police presence at the airport during the arrival and departure of the fans, the authorities intervened immediately, and the referee was escorted to a lounge and boarded his flight safely, accompanied by police officers.

"The Italian citizen involved in the incident was apprehended by the police and criminal proceedings have been initiated on charges of affray."

PGMOL said in a statement: "[We are] aware of videos circulating on social media showing Anthony Taylor and his family being harassed and abused at Budapest Airport.

"We are appalled at the unjustified and abhorrent abuse directed at Anthony and his family as he tries to make his way home from refereeing the Uefa Europa League final.

"We will continue to provide our full support to Anthony and his family."

The Premier League said it was "shocked and appalled by the unacceptable abuse" directed at Taylor and his family.

A Premier League spokesperson added: "No-one should have to suffer the inexcusable behaviour they had to endure.

"Anthony is one of our most experienced and accomplished match officials and we fully support him and his family."

West Ham manager David Moyes, whose side play Fiorentina in the Europa Conference League final on Wednesday, said: "All referees have a really difficult job and shouldn't be put through any difficult situations. That's not correct."

Uefa is waiting for reports from match officials and delegates before deciding whether to take action against Mourinho over the incident in the car park under the stadium after the match.

Mourinho criticised Taylor in his news conference and he was later captured ranting and making pointed comments as Taylor and officials were boarding a minibus.

The Portuguese repeatedly swore and twice shouted about a "disgrace" before talking in Italian.

Uefa's chief refereeing officer Roberto Rosetti attempted to calm the situation down.

Mourinho was booked during an ill-tempered game, with Taylor repeatedly called to the benches to take action as fourth official Michael Oliver struggled to keep control.

Taylor issued yellow cards to 13 players, the most bookings in a Europa League game. Seven of them were to Roma players, a record for a final.

Delays and injuries saw more than 25 minutes of injury time played across the four halves of the game, which went to extra time and then a shootout.

'Mourinho should be banned for 10 games'

Former Premier League referee Keith Hackett called on Uefa to give Mourinho a 10-game ban and take tougher action against clubs.

"What is appalling here is that a referee has gone out and done his job," Hackett told BBC Radio 5 Live. "It is a prestigious game for him - for an English referee to be appointed to the final.

"He was looking forward to that. He spent years of refereeing to get to the level he is at. He is a world-class referee. He delivers a very difficult game without much contention and then he is faced with this particular problem as he is in the airport.

"It is unprecedented and Uefa have got to take action.

"The sanction for Mourinho? They have got to come down with a 10-game ban.

"They have also got to ban the teams from Europe. They have got to be tough; throw them out of the competition."

Hackett said Uefa must take "responsibility for the security of match officials right up to the time that they leave the airport".

Russia has laid down mines to defend positions and slow Ukraine's counter attacks

Across Ukraine's vast expanse, there are thought to be 174,000 square kilometres which are contaminated by landmines.

It is an area of land larger than England, Wales and Northern Ireland combined.

In the war-scarred Kharkiv region, warning signs occasionally appear next to brown, barren fields which were once front lines.

Even more infrequent is the sight of demining teams sweeping their metal detectors across small, taped-off areas. A literal scratching of the surface.

More landmines have been found in the Kharkiv region than anywhere else in Ukraine.

This part of north-eastern Ukraine close to the Russian border has been both occupied and liberated over the past year.

In Ukraine, an area of land larger than England, Wales and Northern Ireland combined is littered with mines

On 24 February 2022, Russia launched its full scale invasion and seized swathes of territory in the Kharkiv region, while also trying to capture Kharkiv city itself.

By May they would lose the battle for Ukraine's second biggest city. By September, they'd be blindsided by a Ukrainian counteroffensive.

The Russians deployed landmines to both defend their positions and slow the Ukrainians. After leaving in a rush, a lethal footprint was left behind.

In the small town of Balakliya, on a patch of land next to an apartment block, Oleksandr Remenets' team have already found six anti-personnel mines. They'd earlier uncovered around 200 nearby.

"My family calls me every morning to tell me to watch where I tread," he says. "One of our guys lost his foot last year."

The day after we spoke, another member of his team was wounded by a mine.

Since September, 121 civilians have been injured in the Kharkiv region alone, according to the State Emergency Service. 29 were killed.

Anti-personnel 'butterfly' mines can look like toys to children and are banned under international law

More than 55,000 explosives have been found in the area.

Deminers like Oleksandr are called "heroes" by the regional authorities, yet there's a deep frustration with their efforts being dwarfed by the scale of the problem.

Their desired catch are so-called butterfly mines, the most common in the area. They're only three to four inches wide, propeller shaped, and are scattered from a rocket.

They're banned by international law because of the indiscriminate way they can injure and kill civilians.

That hasn't stopped them from being used in this war.

When Serhiy helped a friend load his car with a small crane, he didn't pay much attention to a nearby apricot tree.

When he stepped towards it, he found himself falling backwards from an explosion.

"I thought maybe a tire had blown up," he recalls from his hospital bed in nearby Izyum.

"Then I looked at my foot and saw I was missing toes, the sole was shattered, there was bleeding."

Serhiy says he lost everything in an instant

Serhiy tells us his home was also destroyed from the fighting.

"I used to be healthy, walk with both of my feet, do things, drive my car.

"In an instant, I had no house and no foot."

Serhiy is under the care of Yuriy Kuznetsov, an experienced trauma surgeon. A big, framed man with a tired, yet purposeful expression.

He kept working throughout Russia's occupation last year, and was the only doctor left in the Izyum hospital. He says he treats landmine casualties every week.

"Unfortunately, in most cases, an encounter with unknown explosives ends tragically," he explains.

Unfortunately, in most cases, an encounter with unknown explosives ends tragically

"Losing a limb or getting other kinds of injuries isn't the worst outcome. For instance, last week, we had two patients who discovered a mine. One is here, the other one died."

Entire wings of Yuriy's hospital are destroyed. There are windows missing along the corridor and the buildings are surrounded by mine signs.

"Before the war, just like everyone, I cared much about material things in life," says Yuriy.

"Now we understand how transient it all is. Peace and health are what matters."

Last week Ukraine's economy ministry said 724 people have been blown up by mines since the start of Russia's full-scale invasion in February last year, with 226 of them being killed.

Ukraine says 724 people have been blown up by Russian mines since the invasion began last year

Izyum and its surrounding area is one of the most heavily mined places, yet the picture in the city is murky.

Human Rights Watch has accused Ukraine of using illegal antipersonnel mines here. Kyiv responded by saying it followed international law while defending itself.

The organisation has previously accused Russia of using similar devices across Ukraine during its full-scale invasion.

According to the World Bank - which provides low interest loans to countries who need cash - de-mining Ukraine is going to cost $37.4bn (£30bn).

Kyiv is trying to convince as many countries as possible to help so, in its words, "it doesn't take decades".

Given how it's spent the last 70 years clearing mines from World War Two, it's an approach which will require optimism.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Michael Gove says the Ukraine war and Covid pandemic made the UK poorer

The UK is poorer than it would have been, partly due to the war in Ukraine, but also the pandemic, Levelling Up Secretary Michael Gove has admitted.

But he said ministers were taking action on the soaring cost of living, including giving help on energy bills.

The head of the independent forecaster, the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR), said living standards were seeing their biggest squeeze on record.

Richard Hughes said Brexit had been similar to the pandemic in its impact.

"It's a shock to the UK economy of the order of magnitude to other shocks that we've seen from the pandemic, from the energy crisis," he told the BBC.

Poor productivity had also hurt growth, he said.

And he warned living standards would not return to pre-pandemic levels for another five to six years.

Asked whether he agreed with the OBR's assessments, Mr Gove said economic forecasting was "a very difficult exercise". He added that the UK was dealing with "the aftershocks of two significant events".

"[There's] both the war in Ukraine, the first time we've had war on this scale on the continent in Europe since the Second World War, and the Covid pandemic, the biggest global health pandemic since the end of the First World War," he told the BBC's Sunday with Laura Kuenssberg programme.

"They have had a huge effect on our economy and on others' economies."

Mr Gove denied that the government was to blame after 13 years in power, but added: "One can always do better, yes."

However, he insisted ministers were taking action to address soaring inflation - the rate at which prices rise - by taxing oil and gas firms' profits and lowering household energy bills.

He also said the Budget had taken steps to help people back to work and to help families, including with childcare.

The OBR forecasts that inflation will fall below 3% this year - down from 10.4% currently - as food and energy prices rise less quickly.

But speaking on the same programme, OBR chairman Richard Hughes said the outlook was volatile given Britain was a net importer of food and energy - the prices of which were set in global markets.

Mr Hughes added that the longer term outlook for the economy was bleak, with people's real spending power - allowing for inflation - not forecast to recover to pre-pandemic levels until the end of the decade.

Mr Hughes blamed a range of issues for holding back the economy, saying: "We've lost around 500,000 people from the labour force, we've seen stagnant investment since 2016 and also our productivity has slowed dramatically since the financial crisis and not really recovered."

He also said that overall output was forecast to be 4% lower than it would have been as a result of leaving the EU.

Last week the Bank of England put up interest rates for the 11th time since December 2021 as it continued its battle to ease inflation.

The decision to lift rates to 4.25% from 4% came after the inflation rate rose unexpectedly last month to 10.4%.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The property is one of three to be demolished from the top of the dunes

Work to demolish three homes close to the cliff edge in Norfolk has started after high tides cut into sandy cliffs.

Residents have left their wooden properties in The Marrams in Hemsby, some of which are within 1m (3.2ft) of the cliff edge and at risk of collapse.

Several outbuildings were lost to the sea as high tide hit at about 21:00 GMT on Friday.

Sue, whose property was the first to be taken down, said it was "soul-destroying".

Sue, who did not want to give her surname, said watching her home being demolished was "soul-destroying"

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The demolition of her house is now complete, and the two other properties will be flattened on Sunday, contractors on the site say.

Along with her neighbours, Sue spent the morning hurriedly packing up her belongings before the demolition teams moved in.

Sue, who did not want to give her surname, said she wished more could have been done to save her home of three years.

By the end of Saturday one home had been demolished - a further two are expected to be torn down on Sunday

"It's really annoying, it's all your hopes and dreams collapsed into nothingness," she said.

This time last week there was up to 20ft between her property and the cliff edge, and then there was just 3ft.

She was told she would have to get planning permission for her home to be moved back from the cliff edge but there was not enough time.

Watching her house being destroyed with her head in her hands, she said: "We've got some very happy memories there because it's got lovely energy to it, lovely atmosphere."

Assessment work was carried out before the demolition work started

Mary Withey, whose home is due to be demolished, said she had collected what she could of her belongings

Mary Withey, whose home is also set to be demolished, said she and her partner "had got what we can".

"I'm not OK with it, it's been my home, I don't want to move... it's very sad," said Ms Withey, who has lived in her house for four years,

"When I first heard I was in shock and today I've just been tearful, it's horrible."

All the homeowners have been packing up any last bits

Jane Beck, head of property and asset management at Great Yarmouth Borough Council, had initially planned to demolish all three properties within the day, before the next high tide at 21:38.

"It's extremely sad for those people and we're trying to do everything we possibly can to help them through that process," Ms Beck said.

The beach and surrounding area at Hemsby should be avoided, she added, and she urged people to stay away for their own safety.

The properties were on the verge of going into the sea

The only access road to properties on the Marrams has also been cordoned off and is expected to collapse.

Fire crews knocked on doors on Friday and urged anybody still in the affected properties to leave their homes.

During the evening, a shed and a playhouse toppled over the cliff but Hemsby Independent Lifeboat crew managed to rescue two chickens from the shed which they said "put a smile on everyone's face".

Hemsby Independent Lifeboat crew rescued two chickens from a shed just before it toppled into the sea

Daniel Hurd, coxswain with the lifeboat crew, said it had been a "long old night".

The Highways Agency blocked off the road on Friday evening and BT responded to a telegraph pole that was tilting on the edge.

"Luckily we managed to get that on to the beach and not risk public safety by it falling on top of them," he said.

Daniel Hurd, coxswain, with the Hemsby lifeboat crew said Friday had been "a long old night"

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

"My concern now is that if [the erosion] gets to the car parks, we possibly may have to shut the doors on the lifeboat station and then you won't have sea cover off Hemsby at all... and that is serious," he added.

The BBC understands that the owner of the property on the edge of the dunes on the south side of gap, has been given the chance to move it across the road

Great Yarmouth Borough Council's chief executive, Sheila Oxtoby, said the authority was looking to bring some rock on to the beach to protect the road access to a number of other properties as a "temporary solution".

It is understood 1,900 tonnes of granite are due to arrive on Wednesday.

Ms Oxtoby said: "At the same time as dealing with the immediate issue, we're also looking at how we can use our emergency powers to provide a temporary rock berm solution to give us more time for the main scheme."

A water main pipe that was buried in the ground has been exposed

Mr Hurd, however, said the current situation was "heart-breaking" and could have been resolved earlier.

He said: "I just think it's absolutely ridiculous, this has been an emergency for years and it's taken this weekend for them to see it's an emergency to then get a rock berm put on the beach."

Borough councillor, James Bensley, said he could understand people were frustrated but there had been "so much bureaucracy".

"It's a real minefield of making sure that what local government and the authorities do is the correct line of procedure and I can totally understand people's frustrations," he said.

Borough councillor for Hemsby, James Bensley, said he could understand people were frustrated about the time taken to put defences in but local government "has to do it correctly"

"We [also] have to make sure it works, we have to make sure it's cost affordable and doesn't affect further south down the coast.

"I know the process and the time that has been taken is exhausting and I can fully appreciate and understand that but we have to do it correctly and with the tools that we have got and through the right channels."

Hemsby, near Great Yarmouth, is home to about 3,000 people and was once home to a Pontins holiday camp.

Seven bungalows along The Marrams had to be demolished when sandy cliffs washed away in March 2018 and, in December 2013, "the worst storm surge in 60 years", destroyed seven homes.

Last year, a 1.3km (0.8 mile) rock berm at the base of the cliff was approved in principle, but the council funding for the £15m scheme was challenging to obtain, with just £2.5m available from the government.

Find BBC News: East of England on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. If you have a story suggestion email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Spanish police gave the BBC's Nick Beake access to the "narco-sub"

I'm about to climb into the first "narco-sub" known to have brought cocaine from South America to Europe.

It's 20 metres (65 ft) long, built out of fibreglass and - remarkably - homemade.

After clambering on top, I lift up the wonky manhole cover and descend into the hull where three men survived for 27 long days and nights, as they voyaged across the Atlantic Ocean just under the surface of the crashing waves.

The sunlight tries to creep in from faint cracks in the walls. There is a steering wheel, a couple of basic dials and a rusted key still wedged in the ignition.

You can understand why one prospective skipper took one look at the vessel and concluded it was a death trap.

Three men and $150m worth of cocaine crossed the Atlantic in the tiny submersible

The heat and noise would have been intense as the engine in the back of the sub burned through the 20,000 litres of fuel stored onboard.

The crew of two Ecuadorean cousins and a former Spanish boxer set out from the Brazilian rainforest and first travelled along the Amazon river.

They had energy bars, cans of sardines and plastic bags they used for toilet facilities.

That was about all they had. Apart, of course, from three tonnes of cocaine worth more than $150m (£121m).

But this was not a lucrative, covert mission neatly accomplished.

The sub's journey in late 2019 had been tracked by law enforcement agencies, including the UK's National Crime Agency (NCA).

After scuttling their vessel near the coast of Galicia, having run into problems, the men were arrested and jailed.

The homemade submarine now sits in a car park in central Spain

This piece of history in the fight against international drug trafficking is now a trophy in the car park of the Spanish police academy in Ávila.

However, it's not a rotting relic of a bygone battle: it's a symbol of a secretly growing phenomenon.

Just last month, another sub was discovered off the Spanish coast - again in the Galicia region.

"For more than 20 years traffickers have been using submarines to reach Africa and Europe, but these two are the first we've seized," explains Antonio Martinez Duarte, Chief Commissioner of the Narco Brigade in the Spanish National Police.

"They are very hard to detect," he admits.

For more than 20 years traffickers have been using submarines... They are very hard to detect

In fact, it's thought hundreds of homemade submarines have been launched towards Europe, which is the biggest cocaine market after the US, and one that's growing rapidly after a Covid pandemic slump.

It's even said that in the middle of the Atlantic, around the Canary Islands and the Azores, there lies a mass graveyard of cocaine submarines, deliberately sunk after their cargo had been successfully unloaded.

Each covert mission would have been a huge triumph for the teams of mechanics quietly constructing their vessels in the depths of the South American jungle, mostly in Guyana and Suriname.

Here though, in Spain today, as part of the global trafficking war, it's the police trumpeting a big victory at their headquarters in Madrid.

"This is a very important operation," says Chief Commissioner Duarte. "It's the first time in Europe that we found as much as one and a half tonnes of base cocaine paste."

In fact, officers say it was the biggest lab turning raw coca paste into cocaine that they've found on the continent. But it's not just the size of the haul which is significant.

"This operation also confirms the links between Colombian and Mexican criminals that have joined Spanish gangs working in Spain," Chief Commissioner Duarte says.

Clearly proud of their work, the police have transported the contents of the lab into a press conference room to show local journalists.

The stench of the raw coca paste - like that of vinegar - hangs in the air.

The drugs-making process has been replicated, with barrels of chemicals, a microwave, a hydraulic press and scales - reflecting the journey from paste to final product.

On a table at the far end of the room are dozens of brown parcels, each the size of a house brick, emblazoned with a Superman logo - the symbol chosen by the traffickers who no doubt felt a sense of invincibility.

The bricks of cocaine were stamped with the Superman logo

An officer leans over and whispers that importers pay €27-32,000 ($30-35,000; £24-28,000) for each parcel. They then at least double their money when they sell it on the streets.

The only limit on their profits is to what extent they dilute their drug with cutting agents, ranging from anaesthesia (which mimic physical sensations associated with cocaine, such as numbing of the mouth) to cheaper options like caffeine and glucose. But there are also other options, including de-worming medicine, normally used by vets.

This lab dismantled in the city of Pontevedra in the Galicia region was capable of producing 200 kilos a day with a purity of 95%, according to the police.

Along with the submarines, the lab is a glimpse into a narco-world which is expanding rapidly.

The United Nations drug agency says cocaine production increased by a third between 2020 and 2021, which was a record high and the biggest year-to-year increase since 2016.

One place they're witnessing first hand the surge in supply of the drug is at the port of Antwerp in Belgium.

The new frontlines of the battle against the cocaine flooding Europe.

In 2022 they seized a record 110 tonnes of cocaine - so much that they didn't have enough incinerators to destroy it fast enough.

By some estimates, only 10% of the cocaine arriving at the port is intercepted with the rest going to the Netherlands for distribution to all corners of Europe, including the UK.

The head of customs at the port told me, with this tsunami of coke, they will never win the battle.

And this is a fight that has spilled over into murder on the streets of Antwerp. In January, an 11-year-old girl was killed in a gang shooting linked to the cocaine trade in the city.

Belgium's Justice minister Vincent Van Quickenborne has been living in and out of a safe house for the past year after police uncovered an alleged plot by Dutch criminals to kidnap him. A car containing firearms was discovered outside his house.

For one of Belgium's top investigative judges, Michel Claise, the cocaine industry has spiralled out of control.

With money laundering and corruption... how [can we] have any control on criminal organisations?

"It makes an absolute fortune for those we call narco-traffickers," he says, when we meet near the enormous Palais de Justice in the capital, Brussels.

Mr Claise says with their wealth and influence the gangs are now dwarfing those seeking to deliver justice.

"With money laundering and corruption - which is now limitless in terms of the sums that can be offered to dockers, police officers and other people - how do you want us to have any control on criminal organisations?

"It's over," he concludes.

Belgium's cocaine crisis is Europe's cocaine crisis, and the UN is now warning rival international gangs are working together like never before.

It says after their success on this continent, they'll soon be branching out into Asia and Africa in their pursuit of unlimited riches.

Cocaine: Flooding Europe is now available on BBC iPlayer, if you are in the UK, and on BBC News this weekend

The court heard that Mr Afriyie's arms had been folded when he was Tasered

A youth worker Tasered after being stopped by police while driving through central London in April 2018 has lost a High Court damages fight.

Edwin Afriyie, who is in his mid-30s, said he suffered head, back and leg injuries during the incident in King William Street.

Mr Afriyie took legal action against the City of London Police and made a misfeasance allegation.

Police disputed his claims and a judge ruled against him on Friday.

A barrister representing Mr Afriyie, who lives in Hayes, west London, said the Tasering was not in response to any "identified threat".

David Hughes said the police's use of Tasers should be proportionate and lawful and suggested that their authority had been wrongfully exercised.

Mr Afriyie is black, but the judge said he had not "advanced a claim" under equality legislation nor sought to argue that officers' treatment of him was "motivated by his race".

She had watched police bodycam footage showing Mr Afriyie being Tasered after officers said he was being arrested for not providing a breath sample.

Mr Afriyie, who has not been charged with a driving offence arising from the incident, was standing with his arms folded when he was hit and footage, available online, showed him falling backwards, landing with his head on a step and his body on the pavement.

She said police had proved that a police constable "honestly believed" that the use of the Taser was "necessary".

The judge added that the belief was "objectively reasonable".

"Mr Hughes submitted that I should find as a fact that nothing was about to happen that necessitated the use of force," she said.

"He may be right that nothing would, in fact, have happened had the Taser not been discharged.

"However what matters is whether [the officer's] belief in what might happen, so as to justify the use of the Taser, was objectively reasonable."

Mrs Justice Hill had also overseen a trial of the same case at the High Court last year but fell ill and was unable to complete it.

It was reported elsewhere that Mr Afriyie is considering an appeal.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The official House Price Index saw a 1.8% decline compared to the final quarter of 2022 giving an average price of £172,000

House prices in Northern Ireland saw their second consecutive quarterly fall in the first quarter of 2023.

The official House Price Index saw a 1.8% decline compared to the final quarter of 2022 giving an average price of £172,000.

However, prices were still 5% higher when compared with the first quarter of 2022.

A weakening housing market had been expected following the continued rise in interest rates.

Data from the Office of National Statistics (ONS) had earlier shown a significant drop in the number of houses being sold in NI since the end of last year.

The biggest quarterly fall was in the Ards and North Down council district with prices down by almost 5%.

Only Causeway Coast and Glens saw a price increase, up by 0.7%.

House prices in Northern Ireland rose steadily throughout the pandemic and its aftermath and are still more than 20% higher than at the start of 2020.

The market was exceptionally busy in 2021 with more than 30,000 transactions but returned to a more normal level in 2022 with about 25,000 transactions.

On Wednesday, the UK inflation rate fell from 10.1% in March to 8.7%.

Last updated on .From the section European Football

Napoli won their first Serie A title for 33 years as they drew with Udinese at Dacia Arena to spark jubilant celebrations back in Naples.

They last won the league in 1990 with a Diego Maradona-inspired side adding to their first title three years earlier.

Victor Osimhen smashed in a 52nd-minute equaliser after Sandi Lovric had given Udinese a shock lead.

And Napoli held on to the point they needed to win their third Serie A title with five games to spare.

"Seeing Neapolitans happy is enough to give you a sense of that joy they are feeling," Napoli boss Luciano Spalletti told DAZN.

"These people will look to this moment when life gets hard, they have every right to celebrate like this.

"You feel a bit more relaxed knowing that you've given them this moment of happiness."
• None 'Football is everything' - what Scudetto means to Naples

Napoli's previous two titles came in the days of Argentina legend Maradona - who their stadium is now named after - in 1987 and 1990.

Following those glory days the club fell into financial decline, relegation and bankruptcy; playing in Serie C as recently as 2006.

They have won the Coppa Italia three times in the past 11 seasons but it is the Scudetto the Napoli fans craved.

They now have a new cast of superstars, with Nigeria forward Victor Osimhen scoring 21 goals in 26 league games and Georgia winger Khvicha Kvaratskhelia contributing 12 goals and 10 assists.

At 64 boss Luciano Spalletti, who twice won the Coppa Italia with Roma, becomes the oldest manager to win Serie A.

His team had the chance to lift the title with six games to spare last weekend but could only draw with local rivals Salernitana.

But with a 16-point advantage over second-placed Lazio their third Serie A title is now confirmed.

Their match with Udinese was almost an afterthought. Napoli fans had been partying in Naples all day before filling the Stadio Diego Armando Maradona to watch a stream of the match.

Over 10,000 fans travelled north to see their side in Udine but they were stunned into silence after 13 minutes when Lovric was given acres of space in the box before curling the hosts in front.

Napoli struggled in the first half but got the goal they needed after the restart with Osimhen finding the corner after Kvaratskhelia had forced a good save from Udinese keeper Marco Silvestri.

And after taking the lead Napoli managed the game superbly, keeping their opponents at arm's length.

On the full-time whistle Napoli fans raced onto the pitch, starting celebrations in both Udine and Naples.

"It is an amazing feeling, we have waited so many years for this moment," Osimhen told DAZN.

"To be able to deliver the Scudetto to the Neapolitans is something that we will never forget in a hurry and will continue to live in our hearts for the rest of our lives."
• None Delay over. They are ready to continue.
• None Delay in match because of an injury Marco Silvestri (Udinese).
• None Substitution, Udinese. Festy Ebosele replaces Kingsley Ehizibue because of an injury.
• None Delay over. They are ready to continue.
• None Delay in match because of an injury Kingsley Ehizibue (Udinese).
• None Substitution, Udinese. Marvin Zeegelaar replaces Destiny Udogie because of an injury.
• None Offside, Udinese. Rodrigo Becão tries a through ball, but Ilija Nestorovski is caught offside.
• None Delay over. They are ready to continue. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page

Last updated on .From the section Formula 1

Max Verstappen won a chaotic and controversial Australian Grand Prix that finished under a safety car after a crash-affected restart.

The Red Bull driver led Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton and Aston Martin's Fernando Alonso home to set the podium.

That was despite Alonso being tagged into a spin at a restart with two laps to go and dropping to the back.

Under FIA regulations, the finishing positions were taken from the last restart, with the cars then having to complete a final lap behind the safety car.

To add to the controversy, Ferrari's Carlos Sainz was given a five-second penalty for causing the decisive crash at the first corner by tagging Alonso's car, dropping him from fourth to 12th and out of the points.

An emotional Sainz described that decision as "unacceptable", adding: "They need to wait until after the race and discuss with me. Clearly the penalty is not deserved. It is too severe."

Alpine drivers Pierre Gasly and Esteban Ocon were the other big losers from the official decisions - they took the penultimate restart fifth and 10th but crashed into each other and retired at the second corner.

The unprecedented events will lead to controversy that F1 is putting showbusiness before sport.

There is a direct line from the final laps of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in 2021 - when officials made errors that changed the course of the world championship fight between Verstappen and Hamilton - to these events, as the final two red flags were thrown to try to ensure the grand prix would finish under racing conditions.

Ironically, that desire led to the final, bizarre and confusing climax, and a race that instead ended under a safety car.

The first-corner crash led the FIA to make a decision that a lap had taken place but that most of the events during it had had no effect, other than the crash between the Alpines.

Verstappen's win, coupled with a fifth place for his team-mate Sergio Perez after the Mexican started from the back, extended the Dutchman's championship lead to 15 points.
• None One lap, six questions - take our Australian GP quiz

A race which began with Russell overtaking Verstappen off the line turned to despair with a power unit failure

The extraordinary events at the end of a race that had already had two safety cars and a previous red flag were triggered when Kevin Magnussen's Haas ran wide at the first chicane and tagged the wall.

The impact broke the Dane's wheel rim, caused a puncture and left debris strewn across the track.

The timing of the incident meant that, according to the rules, there would be two racing laps after the restart.

Sainz tagged Alonso's rear wheel and tipped the Aston Martin into a spin, triggering chaos behind.

Perez ran wide across the grass and then Gasly, appearing not to see Ocon on his outside, pushed his team-mate into the wall, taking both cars out.

The red flag was immediately thrown again and the rules dictated the order had to be that at the restart because the field had not covered enough ground for there to be any other reference to set the start order.

That reinstated Alonso to third, despite him being dropping to the back after his collision, and Perez to fifth, after losing a lot of ground.

The Aston Martin of Lance Stroll was fourth, followed by Perez, McLaren's Lando Norris and Haas driver Nico Hulkenberg. McLaren's Oscar Piastri, Alfa Romeo's Zhou Guanyu and Alpha Tauri's Yuki Tsunoda completed the points positions.

What happened before the controversy?

Before the final climax, Verstappen had dispensed with an early challenge from Mercedes' George Russell and Hamilton to dominate the race.

An incident-packed start to the grand prix featured two safety-car periods - the first on the opening lap and the second on lap six - and a first red flag.

The first safety car was caused by a crash between Ferrari's Charles Leclerc and Stroll at Turn Three on lap one, the second by a heavy crash by Alex Albon's Williams at Turn Six.

Leclerc, disappointed by a third consecutive difficult race, described it as "the worst start to a season ever".

Verstappen, who had made a bad start and dropped behind the Mercedes cars, ran third for a while but once in front was in total control.

Russell was taken out of contention for the lead by a pit stop hoping to benefit from the safety car for Albon's crash, only to see the race stopped for the first time soon after. He described the decision to stop the race at that point as "totally unnecessary".

Verstappen passed Hamilton two laps after the restart for his second win of the year.

Russell retired from fourth place a few laps after the restart with an engine failure - a weekend that had started with a superb second place on the grid ending in frustration.

Sainz benefited, promoted to fourth place by Russell's problem and slowly pushing up to challenge Hamilton and Alonso but unable to pass them.

Gasly went with the Ferrari and was on course to take fifth in an impressive performance for the French team before the late drama.

Verstappen rarely needed to use his pace, but the advantage the Red Bull has over the rest of the field was clear as he homed in on Hamilton to take the lead after the restart.

The Dutchman made his second poor start of the weekend. He lost places to both Mercedes at the first start, and was challenged by third-placed Alonso at the second, but once up and running was in a class of his own.

Within two laps of the restart, the Red Bull was right with Hamilton, and Verstappen blasted past the Mercedes on the straight up to the fast Turn Nine/10 chicane, displaying the huge advantage the Red Bull has on the straights with the DRS overtaking aid open.

There were just four corners left before the end of the lap, but through them Verstappen pulled out a two-second advantage before beginning to manage his pace, edging ever further ahead without ever extending a car that has a reliability vulnerability in the gearbox/driveshaft area.

His only problem was when he ran wide at the penultimate corner on lap 47, with 11 to go, after which he complained that he kept locking his front wheel into that corner.

It cut his lead from 11 seconds to seven, but Verstappen was able to continue untroubled thereafter.

While Verstappen circulated serenely up front, Hamilton was left to try to hold off a determined challenge from Alonso.

Hamilton constantly radioed his concern back to the pits that his tyres would not make the distance, as the gap to his old rival oscillated between a second and two.

He was warned by his race engineer Peter Bonnington that Alonso was trying to trick him into over-using his tyres, and "not to fall for it".

And as so many times in the past, he was able to manage his tyres with expertise as Alonso did the same and the two circulated close together to the flag.

Following Russell's retirement, Sainz closed in on Alonso, but he, too, was unable to get the gap down to under 1.5secs. And in the final 10 laps or so and he began to drop back.

And Gasly drove an excellent race to stay within the second margin that ensured he could use the advantage provided by the DRS overtaking aid to track the Ferrari to the flag, a promising sign for Alpine.
• None It's sink or swim for rookie police officers in Belfast:
• None Four movies that predicted the future wrong: Are practical hoverboards and flying cars just a distant dream?

Many people have been left waiting to speak to a GP surgery receptionist for up to an hour, a patients' watchdog says

People in parts of Wales are facing a "crisis of access" to GPs, according to a patients' watchdog.

The Community Health Council (CHC) said many were left waiting for up to an hour on the phone to speak to someone.

When they finally get through, they are often told there are no available appointments, it added.

The British Medical Association (BMA) said doctors were trying to ease the problem by using modern technology such as video calling.

But the union admitted an ongoing problem had been made worse by the pandemic.

One health board estimated demand for appointments was up 20% in some places.

Geoff Ryall-Harvey, of the North Wales CHC, said he feared people were getting "extremely frustrated".

Some surgeries, he said, had banned queueing outside because of Covid.

But with some GPs not having an online booking system, he said this had meant long waits on the phone for some.

Becca Martin tried to get an appointment for her father when he developed a urine infection in June

Mr Ryall-Harvey said: "People are being told all the appointments are gone, even at 08:10 in the morning when the lines have just opened.

"It's one thing to be told that there are no appointments left, but for this to happen several days on the run means there's a very real crisis of access for people in some areas.

"Part of the problem goes back before the Covid pandemic. There has been a steady decline in the number of GPs working in Wales."

By the time Becca's family got an appointment for her dad, his condition became so bad he was taken straight to hospital

Becca Martin, of Wrexham, tried to make a GP appointment for her 67-year-old father Steve when he developed a urine infection in June.

But she said it was "incredibly difficult" and by the time they managed to get one, his condition had become so bad he was taken straight to hospital.

"My mum was on the phone for over an hour at one point," Ms Martin said.

"That's not unusual - I've heard many cases of people on the phone for upwards of an hour trying to get through."

After being repeatedly told there were no appointments and to call back the next day, Ms Martin said her mother told the surgery she "was fearful for his life and she thought he was going to die".

"By that point it was too late and he was blue-lighted to hospital because he'd deteriorated too much," she explained.

Many Welsh GP surgeries are run independently, contracting services to the local health board.

Betsi Cadwaladr health board estimated that in practices it managed, demand for appointments had increased by up to 20%.

Dr Phil White, chairman of the Welsh GPs Committee at the BMA, which represents doctors, said problems were developing before Covid with more GPs being lost to early retirement.

Dr Phil White said the number of video, phone and e-mail consultations had increased in the last year

But he said GP surgeries are often in buildings with small waiting rooms, which were not safe for large number of often vulnerable people.

"But video consultations, phone consultations and e-mail consultations have escalated considerably over the past 12 months," he added.

The Welsh NHS Confederation, which represents the organisations that make up NHS Wales, said the health service was facing "unprecedented demand".

"More people are needing to access primary care with services under more pressure now than they were at the height of the pandemic," said director Darren Hughes, adding leaders were doing "all they can to address these issues".

Corrie Mckeague was based at RAF Honington in Suffolk

The mother of an airman who died after climbing into a commercial bin has spoken of her anger that more was not being done to stop similar tragedies.

Corrie Mckeague was 23 when he disappeared in September 2016 after a night out in Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk.

An inquest last year concluded the RAF gunner died after getting into a bin which was tipped into a waste lorry.

Nicola Urquhart said she felt "physically sick" that locks had not been added to bins in the area.

Despite extensive searches, including at a landfill site in Milton, near Cambridge, his body was never found.

The inquest jury concluded he died as a result of "compression asphyxia in association with multiple injuries".

Biffa bins in the area Mr Mckeague is thought to have climbed into a bin now have "danger of death" and "crush zone" warning signs

The inquest jury also found Mr Mckeague's "death was contributed to by impaired judgment due to alcohol consumption".

Mrs Urquhart criticised Biffa Waste Services Ltd, which operate bins in that area, for not adding locks to the bins.

She said: "It's infuriating. It does upset me because they've clearly learnt nothing."

Corrie Mckeague went missing from Bury St Edmunds on 24 September 2016

The airman, from Dunfermline, Fife, was last seen on CCTV heading towards a bin loading area in Brentgovel Street. It is thought he climbed into one of Biffa's bins from behind a row of shops.

"What upset me so much this time is that Biffa have put stickers on some bins, not all of them, saying 'danger of death' and 'don't climb in bin'.

"To me it's just a public show and a waste of money."

CCTV cameras showed Mr Mckeague going into the bin loading area and he was never seen coming out again

Instead, she called on the company to refuse to pick up any bins that were unlocked, to force their customers to ensure bins were always locked.

She believed that would deter people from climbing into them in the first place.

Corrie Mckeague went to this area where the bins were stored after a night out

"I know something needs to be done," she said.

"Clearly, this could happen again - they've learnt nothing."

Corrie Mckeague, from Dunfermline, Fife, was based at RAF Honington which is about 10 miles (16km) north of Bury St Edmunds

Last year a coroner raised concerns about bin safety, particularly around bin locks, in a prevention of future death report that followed the death of Mr Mckeague, who was based at RAF Honington in Suffolk.

Coroner Nigel Parsley said if stronger locks were fitted, the number of reported incidents of people in bins was likely to be reduced.

Nicola Urquhart said she was angry and felt sick after she saw photos of unlocked bins in the area her son went missing

A Biffa spokesman said the "healthy, safety and wellbeing" of staff, customers and members of the public was of "critical importance" and drivers undergo regular training about the risks of people in and around bins".

"People seeking shelter in bins presents a challenge to the whole waste industry and we continue to work with our partners, colleagues and customers to address this issue," the spokesman said.

Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp us on 0800 169 1830

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Tomasz Schafernaker takes a look at the thunderstorms forecast for the weekend

Thunderstorms, winds and hail are sweeping across the UK and could cause flash flooding, the Met Office has warned.

Warm, humid air this week has caused the storms to develop, the forecaster said.

A yellow weather warning for England, Wales and Scotland is in place until Monday in some places.

BBC Weather's Matt Taylor said some of the worst storms could produce a month's worth of rain in a few hours.

The hot weather will continue, with temperatures reaching highs of 29C (84F) in some areas.

However, seven flood warnings have been issued on Sunday evening in places including Bagley Dike at Grimesthorpe and Hunsworth Beck at Oakenshaw.

There are also 35 flood alerts, including for the River Maun in Nottinghamshire and the River Blythe in Warwickshire.

The entrance to the A&E department of Rotherham General Hospital was flooded on Sunday evening, as footage showed water seeping into the waiting area while a member of staff put down large paper towels on the floor to try to mop the water up.

A person tries to mop up the flooding at Rotherham General Hospital

Flash flooding also left roads "impassable" in Wrexham, North Wales Police said on Sunday evening, while Wrexham AFC said the 1864 Suite restaurant inside its Racecourse ground had to be evacuated due to structural damage caused by the heavy rain.

On Sunday, yellow weather warnings were in place for thunderstorms across Wales and most of England for most of the day.

Weather warnings for rain were also in place until the evening of Sunday across northern England and the south of Scotland, due to a risk of spray and flooding.

The Met Office have issued further yellow warnings for heavy rain and the risk of flooding in the north of England a large part of Scotland for Sunday night and Monday morning.

Flooding is expected across parts of England due to the heavy rainfall on Sunday, the Met Office said, adding that Woodhouse Mill, near Sheffield, saw 35.6mm of rain between 18:00 and 19:00 BST.

Mr Taylor warned more rain was on the way, as he said: "Some parts of the UK could see over a months worth of rain fall in just a few hours today and tonight, leading to flash flooding and disruption in places.

"Due to the nature of thunderstorms, there could be huge variations in weather conditions over a short distance. Whilst some areas stay dry and humid, others close-by could experience the severe storms with torrential rain, hail and frequent lightning.

"Thundery rain will develop more widely this evening across northern and eastern England, before heading into Scotland."

However, he said that not everyone will see the storms, with conditions "highly variable over just short distances, and many areas remaining dry".

Late on Sunday, and into the night, the thundery rain could affect more of northern and eastern England, as well as eastern Scotland, he added.

A couple and their seven pets had to be rescued by neighbours after a lightning strike set fire to the roof of their bungalow on York Avenue, in Corringham, Essex, at about 03:45 BST on Sunday.

Thunder and lightning was spotted overnight in Penmon, Anglesey

The stormy forecast follows a week of high temperatures, where many parts of the UK officially experienced a heatwave.

The heatwave has caused some to experience heavy hay fever and worsened asthma attacks.

People have complained on social media that their hay fever symptoms are worse than usual this year.

Grahame Madge, a spokesperson for the Met Office, said this was a result of the hot, dry weather over the last few weeks.

"Pollen season is certainly with us," he said. "The fact we've had very dry conditions means that grasses can release pollenen masseinto the air column."

Heatwaves are becoming more likely and more extreme because of human-induced climate change.

The world has already warmed by about 1.2C since the industrial era began, and temperatures are expected to keep rising.

Despite the storms, the heat is set to continue. The highest temperature of the year so far was at Chertsey Water Works in Surrey on Saturday where highs of 32.2C were recorded.

A hosepipe ban was issued in Kent and Sussex on Friday after South East Water said it had no choice after demand for drinking water reached "record levels" in June.

Thousands of South East Water customers were left without water or experienced low pressure over the last week due to supply issues - however the water company says people in Kent and Sussex should have now seen full supplies return.

How have the thunderstorms and rain affected your area? Share your experiences, pictures and videos by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

John Caldwell has led inquiries into murders, organised crime and dissident republicans

An increased reward of £150,000 is on offer for information leading to the conviction of those who tried to murder one of Northern Ireland's top detectives.

John Caldwell was shot in front of his young son in a sports complex car park in Omagh, County Tyrone, last month.

He suffered life-changing injuries and is still critically ill in hospital.

Police believe the shooting on 22 February was carried out by the dissident republican group the New IRA.

Eight people who had been arrested and questioned by police over the shooting have all since been released.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. New CCTV footage shows of one of the cars used by gunmen as it passes through Coalisland the night before the shooting

On Wednesday the independent charity Crimestoppers announced the new reward for information about the attack.

It had previously offered £20,000 but said anonymous donors had helped to increase that to £150,000.

Det Ch Supt Eamonn Corrigan said the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) was "working relentlessly to bring those responsible to justice".

He said the background of those behind the shooting was of "a terrorist nature, organised crime nature or both".

"These people are quite clearly very dangerous and we need information to put them behind bars where they should be," he said.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Those who shot John Caldwell have links to terrorism, organised crime or both, says Eamonn Corrigan

"That one little piece of information may close a gap that we have."

Mr Corrigan said he was disappointed that no-one had been brought before the courts in relation to the shooting.

But he added that investigations of this type were "particularly challenging" and "take time".

One of Northern Ireland's best-known detectives, John Caldwell has led high-profile inquiries into murders, organised crime and dissident republicans.

Twelve years after he investigated the 2011 murder of his PSNI colleague Ronan Kerr by dissident republicans, he became a target.

Mr Caldwell was shot several times after he had coached a youth football team on 22 February.

He was putting footballs into his car when he was shot.

Read more: Who is the detective shot in Omagh attack?

Police had previously released CCTV footage of a blue Ford Fiesta car believed to have been used by the gunmen.

New footage has been released by the police, showing the car in Coalisland, County Tyrone, on 21 February.

Its registration was MGZ 6242 but it had been fitted with false plates - FRZ 8414 - prior to the attack.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Anonymous donors have helped to increase the reward to £150,000, says Mick Duthie from Crimestoppers

Detectives also believe a second blue Ford Fiesta - registration RLZ 9805 - was used in the attempted murder.

It was bought in Glengormley, County Antrim, at the end of January and was taken to Belfast.

At about 13:00 GMT on Wednesday 22 February - the day of the attack on Mr Caldwell - it was driven along the M1 in the direction of Coalisland and Omagh.

It was found burnt out in the Ardboe Industrial Estate in County Tyrone the next day.

"My appeal is for anyone who knows where either of these two cars were kept prior to the shooting or has knowledge of their movements on the day of the shooting to come forward," said Mr Corrigan.

Chloe Mitchell had been missing since last weekend

A murder investigation has been launched following the discovery of suspected human remains during searches for a missing woman in Ballymena.

Chloe Mitchell was last seen in the County Antrim town between the night of 2 June and the early hours of 3 June.

A huge search operation has been taking place in an attempt to find the 21-year-old.

On Sunday night, Det Ch Insp Richard Millar said police now had reason to believe she was murdered.

"Our thoughts this evening are very much with Chloe's family and we have specialist officers providing them with support at this heart-breaking time," he said.

He added the remains had not yet been formally identified.

Two men, aged 26 and 34, who were earlier arrested over her disappearance remain in police custody.

The 34-year-old was arrested in Ballymena on Saturday, while the 26-year-old was arrested in Lurgan in County Armagh on Thursday.

On Saturday afternoon, police were granted a further 36 hours to question the 26-year-old.

Forensic teams have been seen entering a house in James Street

Forensic teams were seen entering a house in James Street in Ballymena on Sunday evening.

The property had been sealed off by police for a number of days.

On Friday, Ms Mitchell's brother, Phillip Mitchell, said he was broken by her disappearance and appealed for information.

At that stage, police had described her as a "high-risk missing person".

A prayer vigil for Ms Mitchell was held at Harryville Presbyterian Church on Sunday evening.

On Saturday, police said they were increasingly concerned for the young woman's safety and renewed their appeal for information.

Extensive searches had been carried out to try to find Ms Mitchell.

On Sunday the Community Rescue Service (CRS) said it had completed all search areas as requested.

In a statement it added: "The CRS would like to thank the people of Ballymena, those who live and work in the Harryville area and especially Chloe's family and friends for their exceptional support during our operations."

The MP for the area, Ian Paisley, said he was "deeply saddened and disturbed".

"This is heartbreaking news for Chloe's family and friends and will shadow the town of Ballymena with sadness," he said.

"The family have stated they are broken. No one can understand just how deep that break is."

Mr Paisley said he understood the police would hold a press conference on Monday.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Humza Yousaf has been confirmed as Scotland's new first minister after a vote in the Scottish Parliament.

The SNP leader was backed by his own MSPs and the Scottish Greens - guaranteeing him a majority.

All three opposition leaders stood against him but knew they had no prospect of being successful.

Mr Yousaf, who succeeds Nicola Sturgeon, is the country's sixth first minister and first from an ethnic minority background.

He is also the youngest first minister at 37, and the first Muslim to lead a major UK party.

Following the vote, Prime Minister Rishi Sunak phoned Mr Yousaf to congratulate him.

He said he wanted to continue "working constructively with the Scottish government" to deliver on what he argued were the "people's priorities across Scotland, including the need to half inflation, delivering growth, and cut waiting times."

Mr Yousaf raised the question of a second independence referendum, but Mr Sunak suggested this would "distract" from "delivering on the things that are top of the priority list for people across Scotland".

The new first minister started to shape his team on Tuesday afternoon with the announcement that Shona Robison - who has been serving as the social justice secretary and was a close ally of Ms Sturgeon - would be become his deputy first minister.

He also confirmed he would have a "minister for independence" in his government, a role he pledged to create during the leadership campaign

Ms Sturgeon formally tendered her resignation to the King earlier on Tuesday after more than eight years as first minister. She announced last month that she would be standing down once a replacement was appointed.

Mr Yousaf was backed by all 64 SNP MSPs and the seven Greens, with the two parties having a power-sharing agreement in the 129-seat parliament.

Mr Yousaf was congratulated by Shona Robison, who will become his deputy first minister

All 31 Conservative MSPs voted for Douglas Ross, the 22 Labour members for Anas Sarwar and the four Liberal Democrats backed Alex Cole-Hamilton.

Mr Yousaf said it was a signal of the progress that Scotland has made that two of the nominees for first minister - himself and Mr Sarwar, who were at school together at the private Hutchesons' Grammar in Glasgow - were from minority ethnic communities.

He described the moment as "a privilege of my life", and said Ms Sturgeon - who watched the vote from the backbenches - leaves "some very big shoes to fill indeed".

Mr Yousaf added: "I pledge that Scotland will continue to be a positive, progressive voice on the world stage".

And he said his government would "listen carefully and pay respect" to the views of all MSPs while standing up to any attempts to "undermine devolution".

Nicola Sturgeon now sits on the back benches at Holyrood

The new first minister said: "I will never shy away from tackling the big issues our country faces.

"My starting point will be that we all want the best for Scotland and the people that we are so privileged to represent. I will stand up unequivocally for this parliament and against any attempts to undermine devolution.

"I will work every hour of every day to harness the potential of Scotland and every single person. I will place no limits on the ambitions that we have collectively for ourselves, for our country or indeed for the world that we live in."

Mr Yousaf will be officially sworn in as first minister during a brief ceremony at the Court of Session in Edinburgh on Wednesday, and is expected to then start the process of appointing the rest of his cabinet team.

He will also face opposition leaders for the first time at the weekly First Minister's Questions session on Thursday.

There will be considerable interest in the future of Kate Forbes, who finished a close second to Mr Yousaf in the SNP leadership contest after attacking his competency and Ms Sturgeon's record in government in a live STV debate during the campaign.

Ms Forbes had herself been attacked by senior SNP figures including outgoing Deputy First Minister John Swinney, who has also now left the government, over her socially conservative views on issues like gay marriage and abortion.

She has been on maternity leave as the country's finance secretary and Mr Yousaf has said he has spoken to her and "absolutely" wants her to be part of the government - but it not yet known what role he would offer or whether she would accept.

Humza Yousaf's speech was really an introduction to himself as first minister. Unlike the other party leaders, there was relatively little in the way of politics.

He leaned heavily on his family, who were packed into the VIP gallery. His children were warned that Bute House's stairways offer plenty of space for a "naughty step".

And he talked about the impact of being a Muslim in the UK in the aftermath of the September 11 attacks.

Mr Yousaf hopes it sends a message to many in minority groups that he could go from fearing he did not have a place in Scotland to leading its government.

There was some broad-brush policy towards the end - a commitment to ease cost of living pressures and boost the NHS. He pledged to continue many of Nicola Sturgeon's plans, and sounded the obvious note in favour of independence.

But this was very much Day One of the Yousaf government. There will be plenty of time to come for detail and debate - today was all about beginnings.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said he was looking forward to meeting and working together with Mr Yousaf, but the UK government has already made clear it will continue to refuse to grant formal consent for another independence referendum.

Mr Yousaf was also congratulated on his appointment by opposition leaders at Holyrood, with Mr Ross saying: "With both the first minister and the prime minister representing the UK's diverse communities, this sends a strong, positive message to everyone that there are no barriers to what you can achieve in this country."

But he went on to claim that Mr Yousaf "seems to be doing his best to offer a poor imitation of his predecessor" having decided on his first day to "renew Nicola Sturgeon's constitutional conflict with the UK government" by calling on it to grant formal consent for an independence referendum.

Mr Sarwar told Mr Yousaf that their respective grandparents "could never have imagined" that their grandchildren would reach the positions of first minister and Scottish Labour leader when they arrived in the country and made Scotland their home.

He added: "I know that he (Mr Yousaf) has faced personal abuse and racism, as have so many others who don't have the platform that he and I are fortunate to have.

"I am proud of the work we have done alongside others to stand against hatred and bigotry, and my promise is that I will continue to stand alongside you in that fight for all of us."

The woman was riding along Alfreton Road when she fell off her mobility scooter

Officers are investigating after a woman in her 60s fell off her mobility scooter and died.

She was riding along Alfreton Road, in Sutton-in-Ashfield in Nottinghamshire, shortly before 11:00 BST on Friday when she fell into the road.

Officers said she fell off near the junction with Willowbridge Lane and suffered a head injury.

Police said: "We are currently working to understand what happened so we can give her family the answers they need."

The woman was taken to hospital with a head injury but sadly died later in the day.

Det Con Adam Rigby said: "We are asking any witnesses who have not yet spoken to us to come forward with information, and are particularly keen to speak with anyone who may have recorded dashcam footage at or near the scene."

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, on Twitter, or on Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Always a man for the big moment, Stuart Broad has seized another.

In announcing his decision to retire from all cricket, the consummate performer created a little more theatre.

With the evening sun shining at The Oval, Broad was still in his England shirt and had only just removed his pads. Unbeaten with the bat and with a bowling day still to come, Broad said after the fifth Ashes Test there will be no more.

There will be one last crack at the Australians, one more chance to knock over David Warner, one final match to win. He might even club some runs. There will not be a dry eye in the house.

How fitting that one of the finest Ashes competitors of them all, the boy who grew up watching replays of his father Chris downing the Aussies, will go out toe to toe against the oldest enemy, with the lights on brightest and the stakes at their highest.
• None The premature baby who became a legend - Broad by those who know him best
• None Quiz: How many of Broad's Test wickets can you name?

"Something inside of me wanted to finish playing at the top level," said Broad. "England against Australia at The Oval in one of the most entertaining, fun Ashes I can remember seems an appropriate time.

"The competitiveness of what Australia bring to cricket brings out the best in me. I love that eye-to-eye battle, I love the energy the crowd brings.

"I know my emotions have to be sky high to be a good bowler. I can promise you every single time I've run in with a ball in my hand against Australia, they've been there."

Broad made his decision to call time less than 24 hours before he told the world. He went to see England captain Ben Stokes and broke the news.

His old mate and long-time new-ball partner James Anderson thought he was joking. Broad choked up when he told Joe Root, then passed on responsibility for organising the team kickabout in the warm-up to Ben Duckett.

On Saturday at The Oval, England were batting with the knowledge that Broad was bowing out. When he walked to the middle, Mark Wood was waiting and joked with Broad it was a "great honour". How apt that Broad ended the day walking off with Anderson.

The bare facts tell a tale of a great career. Some 602 Test wickets and counting, fifth on the all-time list and second only to Anderson in terms of pace bowlers. One of just two men, alongside Shane Warne, to take more than 500 Test wickets and score in excess of 3,000 runs. The only man to take two Test hat-tricks for England. Four Ashes series wins.

But Broad is a cricketer of more than mere numbers.

Perhaps no England player has connected with and fed off a crowd like Broad. Few have thrived on the heat of battle quite as much as the Nottinghamshire man. Fewer still have the ability to turn themselves into an unstoppable force, with a Broad 'spell' as thrilling as it is irresistible.

The Oval in 2009, Chester-le-Street in 2013 and, most famously, Trent Bridge in 2015 are Broad's Ashes highlights, but South Africa at the Wanderers in 2016, India in Nottingham in 2011 and New Zealand at Lord's in 2013 were just as spectacular.

No England bowler has taken more six-wicket hauls than Broad's 12 in Test cricket. When the knees were pumping, we all knew.

Broad was the premature baby, born 12 weeks early and weighing 2lb 2oz, who grew up to become an England giant. He was the teenager that went off to play club cricket in Australia as a batter and came back on course to become one of the greatest fast bowlers the game has ever seen.
• None 'The premature baby who became an England legend'

Not that the upward trajectory was always smooth. Three months before his Test debut, Broad was infamously whacked for six sixes in a single over by India's Yuvraj Singh in the first T20 World Cup in South Africa. Some 21-year-olds might not have recovered.

In the early stages of Broad's Test career, there was a theory that his height would make him suited as a bang-it-in enforcer, not a top-of-off hunter like his hero Glenn McGrath. It took until the 74th match of a 167-Test career for Broad's bowling average to dip below 30.

He had a three-year spell as England's T20 captain that resulted in more losses than wins, most notably a humbling by the Netherlands at the 2014 World Cup in Bangladesh. It was the last T20 international he ever played and he was part of only two more one-dayers for England after the horrible early exit at the 2015 World Cup. The end of the white-ball involvement allowed the Test career to extend to a point where only Sachin Tendulkar, Anderson, Ricky Ponting and Steve Waugh have played more matches.

There are times when he has been written off. Dropped for the first Test against West Indies in 2020, when England were in the Southampton 'bio-bubble', Broad famously went in front of the Sky cameras and said he was "frustrated, angry and gutted".

Two years later, with England playing the Windies once more and Andrew Strauss pressing the button on a 'red-ball reset', Broad was left out again, fearing it was the end of his career. In the period since he was recalled, no fast bowler in the world has taken more than Broad's 65 Test scalps.

If Broad the bowler is so hard to replace, Broad the character will never be matched.

This is the man who was vilified in Australia after not walking in the 2013 Trent Bridge Ashes Test, then fell out with a robot at Hobart in 2022.

He has the outrageous facial expressions and the celebrappeals. He is the Nighthawk and the man who, in his own words, picked a fight with every Australian when he arrived at the crease as the next man in after the controversial stumping of Jonny Bairstow at Lord's earlier this summer.

Just last week, when Marnus Labuschagne was complaining of a reflection from the direction of the Old Trafford pavilion, it was Broad who went to speak to the spectators sitting in front of the sightscreen and persuaded them all to change seats.

Even in this Test, with England low on luck, Broad dipped behind Labuschagne and switched the bails. Next ball, Labuschagne nicked off.

For Broad, the timing of the exit might be bittersweet, given he has finally emerged from the shadow of Anderson as England's attack leader.

In this Ashes, it is Anderson who has bowled without success and had to fend off questions about his future, while Broad, at 37, has played in every Test and emerged as England's leading wicket-taker. It is a quirk of their great partnership that Broad actually has a better average and strike-rate in matches when he has not played with Anderson.

Broad's departure is the first domino in an impending regeneration of an England Test team that currently has eight players over the age of 32.

For Stokes, revolutionising the way England play is one achievement, presiding over the arrival of a new team is a different proposition.

Whoever arrives, Stokes is unlikely to find a fighter like Broad.

"When I was a kid growing up, I had sporting idols like Martin Johnson and Stuart Pearce," said Broad. "When I watched them, I loved their passion and drive. I never looked at them and thought 'I could give more for that shirt'.

"I have never wanted anyone in the crowd or watching at home or listening on the radio to think 'he's not putting in, he's not giving absolutely everything'.

"I know I am not the most skilful player that's played. I know I need every inch of my competitive spirit and my drive and my effort to get anything out of my ability.

"I've given my heart and soul. I can't think there'll be too many cricket fans out there who would think I've slacked off for a moment."

What a competitor. What a cricketer. What a bowler.

Officials from the Transportation Safety Board (TSB) of Canada board the Polar Prince after it arrived back in St. John's

Investigators in Canada have boarded the support ship used to launch the Titan submersible in their bid to understand what caused the vessel's catastrophic implosion.

Flags on board the Polar Prince were at half-mast as it docked in St John's, Newfoundland, on Saturday.

Another boat was seen in the harbour towing the Titan's launch platform.

The Titan was on a dive to the wreck of the Titanic when it broke apart, killing all five people on board.

Locals in St John's gathered around the cannon on top of Battery Lookout at 08:00 (11:30 BST) to watch the Polar Prince return to port. As some passengers disembarked, investigators in hard hats and high-visibility jackets climbed aboard.

The Polar Prince was the Titan's support vessel

The Polar Prince was the Titan's support vessel and had towed the submersible out to the area in the North Atlantic where it carried out its dive on Sunday, about 400 miles from St John's.

On board were members of the support team and some family members of the victims. It was also involved in the search for the Titan once it lost contact about one hour and 45 minutes into its dive.

Parts of the submersible were found on the ocean floor on Thursday, approximately 1,600ft (487m) from the bow of the Titanic wreck.

Canada announced on Friday that it was launching a safety investigation. Other countries' government agencies may join in, but it is unclear at this stage which will lead the investigation.

As well as the role of the Polar Prince, experts say officials will also look at the materials used to make the sub's outer walls.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: A definitive timeline of the Titan's last moments

Since news of the accident broke, industry experts have come out to say that they had previously raised questions about safety practises at OceanGate, the company that owned the Titan, and whose CEO Stockon Rush was on board at the time of the accident.

Emails seen by the BBC showed Mr Rush dismissing concerns from one expert as "baseless cries".

Also on board the Titan were Shahzada and Suleman Dawood, Hamish Harding, and Paul-Henry Nargeolet.

Two far-right activists destroyed a copy of Islam's holy book outside Iraq's embassy in Copenhagen last week

Denmark is considering banning protests involving burning the Quran or other religious texts over security and diplomatic concerns.

The Danish foreign ministry said whilst protecting freedom of expression is crucial, such protests benefit extremists and pose a security threat.

Copenhagen is looking at legal means to intervene in some circumstances, including protests outside embassies.

Sweden's prime minister also said work on a similar process has begun there.

Both Scandinavian countries have come under pressure in recent weeks, after authorities gave permission for a series of controversial protests where Islam's holy book was destroyed, stoking diplomatic tensions with several Muslim-majority nations.

In its statement, Denmark's foreign ministry said it wants to explore intervening in some protests where "other countries, cultures, and religions are being insulted, and where this could have significant negative consequences for Denmark" - including security concerns.

But the Danish government emphasised free speech was a fundamental value and any change must be done "within the framework of the constitutionally protected freedom of expression and in a manner that does not change the fact that freedom of expression in Denmark has very broad scope".

The statement also specifically acknowledged the impact these controversial protests have had on Denmark's international reputation, repeating the government's earlier condemnation of burning religious texts.

These protests have reached a level where Denmark "is being viewed as a country that facilitates insult and denigration of the cultures, religions, and traditions of other countries" in many parts of the world, it added.

In a separate statement, Swedish Prime Minister Ulf Kristersson said a similar process was already underway and confirmed he had been in close contact with his Danish counterpart Mette Frederiksen.

"We have also started to analyse the legal situation already... in order to consider measures to strengthen our national security and the security of Swedes in Sweden and around the world," he wrote on Instagram.

Both statements followed several high-profile incidents where the Quran was burned or stamped on in recent weeks.

In June, an Iraqi Christian refugee living in Sweden, burned a copy of the religious text outside Stockholm's central mosque.

The man was then given permission to destroy a Quran for a second time last week, which led to Sweden evacuating its embassy staff from Baghdad after the building was stormed and set fire to by protesters

Following this, last week two Danish far-right activists stamped on a Quran and set it alight in a tin foil tray next to an Iraqi flag on the ground outside Iraq's embassy in Copenhagen.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The global shipping industry has agreed to reduce planet warming gases to net-zero "by or around 2050", but critics say the deal is fatally flawed.

Ships produce around 3% of global CO2 but countries will now have to reduce this as close as possible to zero by the middle of the century.

Small island states have welcomed the plan but green groups are furious.

They believe the strategy is toothless and will do little to limit rising temperatures.

The global shipping industry is critical to world trade carrying up to 90% of commercial goods. But that trade is highly polluting, using some of the most carbon heavy fuels to power ships' engines.

These dirty smokestacks produce roughly the same amount of carbon each year as Germany.

Protestors greet delegates outside the IMO meeting in London

But maritime transport has proved hard to regulate as ships are often owned in one country but registered with another.

Small states like the Marshall Islands, Liberia and Panama have huge numbers of ships sailing under their national flags but they have no real responsibility for these vessels.

This complex arrangement meant that shipping was omitted from the Paris climate agreement in 2015 when the world put in place a global plan to tackle rising temperatures.

In 2018 shipping did agree to cut carbon in half by 2050, but this was seen as totally inadequate by scientists.

Now after growing pressure from a coalition of countries including the UK, the US, and Pacific island states, delegates meeting in London have agreed a new strategy that would bring emissions to net-zero "by or around" 2050.

Net-zero means that any emissions remaining then would be cancelled out by actively removing greenhouse gases from the atmosphere.

Richer countries and small island states had called for a 50% reduction by 2030 and a 96% emissions cut by 2040.

But with resistance from China, Brazil, Saudi Arabia and others the new strategy that will see "indicative checkpoints" rather than hard targets and these would aim to see emissions from shipping fall by at least 20% by 2030, and at least 70% by 2040.

For both these checkpoints, the agreement says that countries should "strive" for a higher target of 30% by 2030 and 80% by 2040.

"This outcome is far from perfect, but countries across the world came together and got it done - and it gives us a shot at 1.5C," said Ralph Regenvanu, Vanuatu's climate change minister.

Keeping global temperatures under 1.5C is a key part of the Paris agreement and scientists agree that allowing the world to warm more than this level would be very dangerous.

Industry voices have also welcomed the new deal, but with reservations.

"It's a remarkable improvement that the revised strategy now aims to achieve net-zero emissions by or around 2050, and the introduction of indicative 2030 and 2040 checkpoints for emissions reductions sends an important signal to governments and industry," said Johannah Christensen, chief executive of the Global Maritime Forum.

"However, the revised strategy falls short to provide the necessary clarity and strong commitments for a just and equitable Paris Agreement-aligned transition."

Many environmental groups were strongly critical of the new agreement saying that shipping's new plan would do very little to keep the world under that key temperature threshold.

"While the inclusion of 2030 and 2040 emissions reduction targets for shipping is not insignificant, this strategy will see the shipping industry exhaust its 1.5C carbon budget by 2032," said Madeline Rose, from the Pacific Environment campaign group.

The new deal also keeps alive the idea of a carbon levy on shipping that has been strongly supported by developing countries, who believe that this measure will be key in bringing down emissions over the decades to come.

"Ultimately it's not the targets but the incentives we put in place to meet them. So we in the Pacific are going to keep up a strong fight for a levy that gets us to zero emissions by 2050," said Minister Regenvanu.

The Wander with Mac YouTube channel now has more than 400,000 subscribers

For two years Scottish pensioner Pat McErlean has been posting videos about his camping trips on YouTube - with limited success.

But the 74-year-old's Wander with Mac channel has gone viral overnight after catching the attention of an influential TikTok account.

In his whimsical films, he takes viewers on tours of the countryside near his home in Dumfries and Galloway.

One TikTok promoting his videos has been viewed 12 million times.

Pat told BBC Radio's Good Morning Scotland that he enjoys his new nickname of "grandad" from the "young yins" who watch his videos on TikTok.

"I got a message from one of the guys that has a holiday home in my village saying 'Pat get on to your YouTube channel, something's happening'," he said.

"I think they like the way I put things. Instead of being called an old git or something they say 'that's my grandad'."

Pat and Morag have documented their travels around Scotland on the channel since 2021

Pat's lifelong passion for camping was inspired by the gift of an Ordnance Survey map when he was 10 years old.

He created his channel two years ago to document his camping trips with his dog, Morag, with a storytelling style inspired by Scottish film maker John Grierson and presenter Tom Weir.

"I've been in camping off and on since I was a laddie," he said.

"When I was 10 years old I lived near Edinburgh and I used to disappear up the Pentlands at night and go for long walks."

Now retired and living in Garlieston, he said: "I wanted to do something - something different, something that I'd enjoy - something that was a bit of an adventure so I thought well let's do some camping and I've enjoyed every minute of it."

Pat has camped since he was young, starting out with long walks at the Pentland Hills in Edinburgh

His channel has found greater success after it was promoted by musician Kristian Keenan on TikTok.

Keenan wanted to promote a channel with "little to no views" on YouTube. His video about Pat has now been viewed more than 12 million times.

The number of subscribers to Pat's YouTube channel has jumped to more than 400,000 as a result of the endorsement.

Pat has now set up his own TikTok account, also called Wander with Mac. It already has more subscribers than the creator who promoted him.

With help from donations, Pat can continue travelling in his campervan

Pat has since been in touch with Kristian Keenan who was equally surprised by the success of the video.

"I'm not that tech savvy but I managed to get on TikTok and find out who the guy was, he said.

"I contacted him and we've exchanged messages and he was gobsmacked as well.

"He thought 'I might get this old guy 500 or maybe a couple of thousand extra subscriptions and get his channel monetized'. He couldn't believe it either."

Pat has had to put his camping hobby on hold recently due to health problems, so Keenan has helped raise more than £1,000 to help with the cost of running a campervan.

World champion Luke Humphries thrashed Michael van Gerwen 8-1 in the final to win the German Darts Grand Prix.

Van Gerwen held his throw in the opening leg but then lost eight on the spin to suffer the heavy defeat.

Humphries averaged 112.66, which is the second highest in a European Tour final, and took out two scores of 100-plus, including 170 to win leg eight.

"These are the levels you need to be to win these days, that's how crazy it's got," said Humphries.

"I look up to Michael a lot and beating him in another final is fantastic. I just love playing him to be honest, he shows a lot of respect and the game just goes on.

"It was a great final, but I was just unbeatable."

The 29-year-old - who received a bye in the first round - overcame Luke Woodhouse, Ryan Joyce, Danny Noppert and Gerwyn Price to reach the final.

"At this moment he is the best player. We all have to face him and battle and we have to get back on top," said Van Gerwen.

"He'll know it won't last forever though, but he's playing some cracking darts."

The event was the second of 13 PDC European Tour events on the 2024 PDC Pro Tour.

It is Humphries' sixth European tour success, while Van Gerwen was appearing in a record-extending 48th final.

Teenager Luke Littler failed to qualify for the event in Munich but won the opening event of the tour in Wieze, Belgium in March.

Humphries, Van Gerwen and Littler will be among the players in action in night 10 of the Premier League Darts in Manchester on Thursday, with live text commentary on the BBC Sport website and app from 19:00 BST.

The FSO Safer has been abandoned since 2015 and is carrying 1.1m barrels of oil

The UN has purchased a huge ship that it hopes will prevent an environmental catastrophe off the coast of Yemen.

For years, more than a million barrels of crude oil have been sitting on a decaying supertanker in the Red Sea.

There are fears the vessel could soon break apart or explode, risking one of the worst oil spills in recent memory.

But on Thursday, the UN said it had purchased a crude carrier that would head to Yemen and remove the oil from the stricken ship.

"The purchase of this suitable vessel... marks the beginning of the operational phase of the plan to safely remove the oil and avoid the risk of an environmental and humanitarian disaster," Achim Steiner from the UN Development Programme (UNDP) said, adding that it was a "major breakthrough".

A UNDP statement said the ship - which it purchased from major tanker company Euronav - was undergoing routine maintenance in China and would arrive for the operation in early May.

"A major spill would devastate fishing communities on Yemen's Red Sea coast, likely wiping out 200,000 livelihoods instantly. Whole communities would be exposed to life-threatening toxins. Highly polluted air would affect millions," it said.

The organisation added that a potential oil spill could cost up to $20bn (£16.7bn) to clean up.

The UN had been searching for years for a solution and appealed for donations. The planned operation is estimated to cost $129m of which $75m has been received and another $20m has been pledged, it said.

The stranded ship - the FSO Safer - was left abandoned off the port of Hodeida after Yemen's civil war broke out in 2015. It has not been serviced since.

It was constructed as a supertanker in 1976 and converted later into a floating storage for oil. It is anchored near the Ras Isa oil terminal, which is controlled by Yemen's rebel Houthi movement.

The 376m (1,233ft) vessel holds an estimated 1.14m barrels of crude oil.

The Safer's structural integrity has deteriorated significantly since maintenance operations were suspended in 2015, when the Houthis seized large parts of Yemen and a Saudi-led coalition intervened in support of the government. The ensuing conflict has reportedly killed more than 150,000 people and left more than 23 million in need of aid.

Mr Steiner told reporters on Thursday: "Let me be very clear - this is a risky operation and things could go wrong." He added that it could still be suspended if they fail to raise enough funds.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. BBC Middle East Editor Jeremy Bowen meets terrified children running from civil war and 'ghosts' in Yemen

During the clashes, Ramarni Crosby suffered multiple stab wounds, including to the skull and back

Three teenagers have been found guilty of the manslaughter of a 16-year-old boy who was stabbed to death.

A fourth defendant earlier admitted the charge after Ramarni Crosby died in a gang fight in Gloucester.

Ramarni was stabbed in the skull and back after clashing with a group, some armed with machetes.

Jurors at Bristol Crown Court deliberated for more than two weeks before clearing a total of eight defendants of murder.

Ramarni, from Frampton-on-Severn, died after a feud had developed following an earlier fight outside a McDonald's, on 15 December 2021.

The court heard some of the group were armed with knives during the clashes.

Two 16-year-olds, who cannot be named because of their age, and Levi Cameron, 18 were found guilty of Ramarni's manslaughter.

Callum Charles-Quebella, 18, had earlier pleaded guilty to the same charge.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Det Ch Insp Mark Almond, of the Major Crime Investigation Team, said CCTV showed Ramarni's group approaching the scene, in Stratton Road, and then running away, pursued by the defendant group.

"Ramarni was the last to run away, his escape was delayed by a matter of seconds. He was set upon by a number of the defendants," he said.

"After he'd run a short distance, he collapsed on the street."

He had been stabbed multiple times in the back and once in the skull.

Another four defendants, three 17-year-olds and 20-year-old Dean Smith, were cleared of manslaughter.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Det Ch Insp Mark Almond said CCTV evidence was key to the case

A ninth defendant, Keishaleigh Margrett-Whitter, 20, was cleared of two counts of assisting an offender.

The two-month trial heard that following the clash, some of the group fled in different directions.

But Cameron and the two 16-year-olds got a taxi to a nearby house, where some of them stashed their weapons.

A meat cleaver was found hidden in a drain near to the scene of the killing

The CCTV evidence shown in court featured three defendants outside the property, during which they acted out the stabbing, prosecutors said.

They then appeared to "celebrate" Ramarni's death after being told he had died, prosecutors told the jury.

After almost three weeks of deliberations over nine defendants, there was a real risk the jury could struggle to reach a verdict on all counts - and the trial could collapse.

There was relief at Bristol Crown Court when we were told that, not only were the jury ready to deliver their verdicts, but they had reached decisions on all of the defendants.

However, the family were clearly distressed with the results. There were audible sobs and gasps as "not guilty" was read out again and again. Unable to listen to any more, they rushed out of court.

Knife crime has once again ruined young lives here in the west of England. One teenager is dead and his killers will find out how long they will spend in prison on 27 July.

Adam Vaitilingam KC, prosecuting, had told the jury that his killing was the culmination of "ongoing rivalry" between the two gangs.

"In particular, there was a fight that had taken place about a week earlier involving one of these defendants and one of Ramarni's friends," he said.

"That fight hadn't settled anything - there were still grievances bubbling away between them and more violence was very much on the cards."

The defendants were part of a gang called GL1 and would wear purple bandanas as a sign of membership, the court was told.

Callum Charles-Quebella (l) and Levi Cameron (r) are among four guilty of manslaughter

During investigations officers found two knives and a meat cleaver in drains nearby.

Police divers also searched the Gloucester and Sharpness Canal, in the Hempsted area, as part of the inquiry.

As the verdicts were returned, people in the court's public gallery were visibly upset, while some of the defendants burst into tears.

Those convicted are due to be sentenced on 27 July.

Follow BBC West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: bristol@bbc.co.uk

Mohammed Soliman was detained for eight months after losing his British citizenship, his mother said

A former suspect in the Manchester Arena bombing had his British citizenship revoked and then returned after MI5 changed its view of his role in the attack, the BBC can reveal.

Mohammed Soliman, 26, was arrested in Libya after being stripped of his citizenship over suspicions he helped prepare the May 2017 attack.

He appealed the decision and said he was mistreated while detained in Libya.

But the government avoided a court case by returning his citizenship in 2021.

He has always said he did not knowingly help the bombers.

The Home Office declined to answer specific questions about the case, but said the UK has one of the world's most robust counter-terror systems.

By not proceeding to a full hearing, the court did not consider Mr Soliman's claims about ill treatment in Libya or how he came to be arrested there, including any role played by British intelligence.

He was detained for eight months, his mother said in a police witness statement.

The BBC has been told he was arrested on the basis of information from the UK.

Reporting restrictions preventing Mr Soliman from being named in relation to these events have now been lifted after the BBC wrote to the court, allowing the story to be told for the first time.

Twenty-two people were killed and hundreds injured when Salman Abedi detonated a suicide bomb at the end of an Ariana Grande concert.

MI5 has said publicly that its assessment is that no-one other than Salman and his brother Hashem Abedi, who is serving life in prison, were knowingly involved in the bomb plot.

A public inquiry last week was critical of MI5's decision making before the attack. It also said the brothers were probably helped by an unknown source in Libya.

During the early weeks of the police investigation, over 20 people were arrested.

A key feature of the case soon emerged: the Abedi brothers had asked several friends and relatives to buy chemicals used to make the bomb.

Mr Soliman, who worked in a takeaway with Hashem Abedi, was among them.

Ten litres of sulphuric acid were purchased using his own bank details and Amazon account in March 2017.

The chemical was delivered to Mr Soliman's home and officers raided the property after the attack.

Twenty-two people died in the bombing on 22 May 2017

All those questioned about buying chemicals denied knowing of the bomb plot and said Hashem Abedi had claimed he needed help purchasing the products for legitimate reasons. None were charged in relation to the attack and some became prosecution witnesses at Hashem Abedi's trial.

However, Mr Soliman was not in the UK or about to come back, so was not questioned by police and did not provide his version of events.

He had flown out of Manchester in April that year, eventually making his way to stay with family in Benghazi, Libya.

In July 2017, the home secretary Amber Rudd removed his citizenship. As is typical in such cases, she was acting on advice from MI5.

He was arrested by Libyan law enforcement the same month.

Mr Soliman appealed against the removal of his citizenship at the Special Immigration Appeals Commission (SIAC).

The government justified its actions by saying he was an associate of Salman Abedi, might have known about the bombing beforehand, and might have helped in its preparation.

SIAC is a semi-secret court and many of its hearings and rulings are never made public, because they include sensitive evidence which the government says it cannot divulge.

Mr Soliman's case took place entirely in secret.

It ended in July 2021 without going to a full hearing. The then home secretary Priti Patel "decided to withdraw the decision" to deprive Mr Soliman of his British citizenship, according to the formal document which confirmed the move.

In doing so, she was also acting on advice from MI5, but their advice had changed - without Mr Soliman ever being questioned by British police.

As part of the appeal, Mr Soliman claimed he had been subjected to "detention and ill treatment" abroad after his citizenship was removed.

The BBC has been told his arrest in Libya was ultimately because of information from the UK.

He was not publicly named in the UK in connection to the case until Hashem Abedi's trial. His arrest in Libya, therefore, could not have been based on information in the public domain.

It is a controversial issue because British police have not made formal requests for suspects in the arena case to be arrested and questioned in Libya, partly owing to the potential for allegations of torture and British complicity in it.

Hashem Abedi was arrested in Libya the day after the arena attack, after his brother had been named as the bomber. British authorities have denied requesting his arrest. He was transferred to the UK in 2019, and later claimed he had been tortured during questioning in Libya.

His lawyers included these claims in an unsuccessful attempt at halting his trial in 2020.

The families of two victims told the BBC how police said that, if Mohammed Soliman was in the UK, he would have been tried alongside Hashem Abedi.

Caroline Curry from South Shields, whose 19-year-old son Liam was killed, said that at the time of the trial a senior detective had claimed Mr Soliman "would have been alongside him charged with 22 counts of murder".

Liam died alongside girlfriend Chloe Rutherford, 17, whose family say they were told the same thing.

Both families think detectives believed he would not return and the claims would not be tested. In fact, a charging decision had never been taken.

After Mr Soliman's citizenship was restored, he returned to Britain in October 2021 and was arrested on arrival.

He answered detectives' questions and denied knowing anything about the bomb plot.

In a witness statement, Mr Soliman said Hashem Abedi had pressured him to let him use his bank card, saying he needed it to buy car engine oil.

"I was not aware and did not suspect that Hashem and/or Salman planned to attack any location or person or carry out any form of terrorist attack," his statement said.

Mr Soliman also said his flight from Manchester had been planned before Hashem purchased the sulphuric acid, and he was eventually going to Libya, where he was due to enrol at university.

He was told by the police he would not be charged with any offence and would face no further action.

The BBC attempted to contact Mr Soliman for comment but has received no response.

The Home Office said: "The government, working with our world-class police and security and intelligence agencies, will always take strongest action possible to protect national security and public safety."

Do you have information about this story? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Will Kerr was an assistant chief constable with the Police Service of Northern Ireland before leaving the force in 2018

The suspended chief constable of Devon and Cornwall Police is being investigated over serious allegations of sexual offences in Northern Ireland.

Will Kerr was a police officer in Northern Ireland for 27 years before leaving in 2018.

In a statement on Wednesday, he said he denied any allegations of criminality.

Mr Kerr joined Devon and Cornwall Police in December where he is subject to a separate investigation.

This is being led by the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) over misconduct allegations.

He was suspended from his role in Devon and Cornwall by the police and crime commissioner on Wednesday.

The Police Ombudsman for Northern Ireland said it had launched a criminal investigation on 16 June into "serious allegations of sexual offences".

In response, Mr Kerr said: "In relation to the statement from the Police Ombudsman for Northern Ireland in which she named me as being the subject of a criminal investigation into serious allegations of sexual offences, I strenuously deny any allegations of criminality.

"I recognise and respect the fact that accountability and due process are vital to any investigation, regardless of rank or position," he continued, in a statement reported by PA.

"I will continue to co-operate with any investigation. I hope that all matters will be expedited so that they will be concluded without delay."

BBC News NI understands Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) Chief Constable Simon Byrne made the Northern Ireland Policing Board aware of developments last week.

Mr Kerr served with the PSNI and its predecessor the Royal Ulster Constabulary and rose to the rank of assistant chief constable before leaving to join Police Scotland, where he became deputy chief constable.

On Wednesday, the PSNI said it was aware of a Police Ombudsman criminal investigation and would support the ombudsman as required.

It said details about the exact nature of the allegations against Mr Kerr and any early investigative actions remained confidential.

A Police Scotland spokesperson said as the allegations did not relate to his time at that force, it would be inappropriate for them to comment.

An IOPC spokesperson said it had "decided to investigate allegations of misconduct" against Mr Kerr.

This followed a referral from the Devon and Cornwall police and crime commissioner.

The IOPC later issued another statement, saying its investigation would consider whether Mr Kerr "may have breached police professional standards relating to serious criminal allegations currently under investigation by the Police Ombudsman for Northern Ireland".

"We are also investigating whether inaccurate information may have been provided as part of a previous vetting process," a spokesperson added.

Ian Drysdale, vice chairman of the Chief Police Officers Staff Association (CPOSA), said Mr Kerr was suspended as part of "an ongoing inquiry into legacy misconduct matters for which he is yet to be interviewed".

"Chief Constable Kerr recognises and respects the fact that accountability and due process are vital to any investigation, regardless of rank or position," he added.

"He will continue to cooperate with any investigation and hopes that all matters are expedited so that they can be concluded without further delay."

During Mr Kerr's time with the PSNI he led on both serious crime and counter terrorism.

He was appointed an OBE in 2015 and was awarded the King's Police Medal in the 2023 New Year Honours.

That brings our live coverage to a close. We hope you've enjoyed delving deeper into the tools and practices used by BBC Verify to analyse images and data.

Thanks for all the interesting questions sent in by readers and many thanks to our BBC Verify colleagues Erwan Rivault, Daniele Palumbo, and Ukrainecast presenter Vitaly Shevchenko, who have talked us through the expertise and technology they use, as well as answering your questions.

Of course it's not just big investigations these tools are used on - as I write this, BBC journalists are using these types of techniques to work out a bit more about the reports we mentioned earlier - that Ukrainian soldiers have crossed into the Russia region of Belgorod.
• If you want to read more about how BBC Verify identified extensive defences built by Russia in preparation for a Ukrainian counter-attack, click here.
• If you'd like how and why BBC Verify has been launched, click here.
• And for the latest updates on Russia's war on Ukraine, click here.

Today's live page was written by Malu Cursino, Gem O'Reilly, Alys Davies and Luke Mintz. It was edited by myself and Emily McGarvey.

The Department for Infrastructure says it faces a remaining £112m funding gap

Road repairs could be drastically reduced due to budget pressures facing Stormont's Department for Infrastructure (DfI).

DfI warned it will inevitably overspend this year if current political arrangements are unchanged.

Government departments in Northern Ireland are being run by civil servants in the absence of local ministers.

DfI officials believe they lack the legal authority to take measures necessary to balance their budget.

These also include turning off street lights and stopping waste water treatment.

Civil servants have been running departments since October 2022 as a result of the DUP's ministerial boycott in protest at the Northern Ireland Protocol.

They are working with a budget imposed by the Northern Ireland secretary which will see overall day-to-day spending fall by 3.3% in real terms this financial year with all departments having to make cuts.

However, that average 3.3% figure disguises much bigger pressures in some departments.

Infrastructure has calculated that it needed £691m for day-to-day spending to provide a standard service across its areas of responsibility.

Already-announced cuts in areas such as road maintenance and flood risk management reduced the gap to £112m.

In recent weeks the department has been consulting on further possible cuts and believes it will be able to reduce the shortfall to around £55m.

It will primarily aim to do that by cutting £53m from the combined budget of Translink and NI Water.

But officials believe any remaining options for cuts cannot lawfully be taken by them and would require a minister - either the secretary of state or a Stormont minister in a restored executive.

The officials' powers were laid out in the Ireland Executive Formation Act last year and further amended by the Northern Ireland (Interim Arrangements) Act this year.

It is understood that DfI faces particularly difficulties because so much of its spending is statutorily defined, leaving little flexibility for cuts.

Turning off street lights would save the the DfI about £3m in energy payments

The department was also able to make a large one-off saving last year when Translink used £60m of its reserves, a measure that cannot be repeated.

DfI Permanent Secretary Julie Harrison said: "Around 95% of the Department's resource budget delivers essential frontline services, the vast majority of which are regulated, statutory or contractually obliged.

"This leaves very limited scope to make the kind of cuts to spending that are required. That challenge has been exacerbated by decisions that had to be taken last year and which cannot be repeated.

"I have had to make difficult decisions to ensure DfI and its delivery partners (DVA, Translink, NI Water, and Waterways Ireland) do everything possible to reduce spending and balance their budgets, while at the same time meeting responsibilities to deliver multiple statutory functions and keep people safe."

A Northern Ireland Office spokesman said this year's budget allocation from the government had given the department an allocation of £523m, an increase of £2m above the 2022-23 budget.

"The decisions required to live within this budget continue to rest with the Northern Ireland departments," he said.

"We are clear that we hope NI parties will restore locally elected, accountable and effective devolved government as soon as possible, which is the best way to govern Northern Ireland," he added.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

President Joe Biden is "fine" after tripping and falling over at an event in Colorado, White House officials say.

He stumbled on a sandbag while handing out diplomas at a graduation ceremony for the US Air Force Academy.

Mr Biden, who is the nation's oldest serving president at 80, was helped back onto his feet and appeared to be unhurt after Thursday's fall.

"I got sandbagged!" the president joked to reporters as he arrived back at the White House that evening.

He had been standing for about an hour and a half to shake hands with each of the 921 graduating cadets.

Footage shows Mr Biden appearing to point at one of two sandbags used to prop up his teleprompter as he was helped up by an Air Force official and two members of his Secret Service detail.

He was seen walking back to his seat unassisted and later jogging back to his motorcade when the ceremony ended.

"There was a sandbag on stage while he was shaking hands," White House communications director Ben LaBolt wrote on Twitter. "He's fine."

White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said Mr Biden had boarded the plane flashing "a big smile", although one reporter noted that he did not take questions before the flight.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Critics have said Mr Biden is too old to run for a second term as president.

Recent polls suggest a majority of US voters are concerned about his advanced age. He would be 82 at the start of a second term if he wins.

This fall, in addition to previous stumbles from his bicycle and on the way up the Air Force One stairs, could add to those concerns.

Former President Donald Trump, the Republican frontrunner to face Mr Biden in the 2024 White House election, reacted to the incident from a campaign event in Iowa, saying "the whole thing is crazy".

"I hope he wasn't hurt," said Mr Trump, 76, who has often poked fun at Mr Biden's age. "That's not inspiring."

"You got to be careful about that because you don't - you don't want that. Even if you have to tip toe down the ramp," added Mr Trump, apparently referring to his own careful walk off a stage that made headlines in 2020.

He said at the time that the ramp at the US Military Academy in West Point, New York, was slippery, and brushed aside the ensuing media questions about his own health as fake news.

Florida Governor Ron DeSantis, another 2024 contender for the Republican nomination, also reacted to the fall during a campaign event in New Hampshire: "We hope and wish Joe Biden a swift recovery from any injuries he may have sustained.

"But we also wish the United States of America a swift recovery from the injuries it has sustained because of Joe Biden and his policies."

Mr Biden's last physical examination took place in February.

White House physician Dr Kevin O'Connor wrote at the time: "The President remains fit for duty, and fully executes all of his responsibilities without any exemptions or accommodations."

Dr O'Connor added that Mr Biden walks with a "stiffened gait", largely caused by wear and tear on his spine and nerve damage in his feet, but that his condition was unchanged from a previous physical in November 2021.

Mr Biden is hardly the first commander-in-chief to lose his footing in front of the cameras.

President Barack Obama tripped walking up stairs at a 2012 event, while President Gerald Ford fell down the stairs of Air Force One in 1975.

A UK ticket-holder has come forward to claim the £111.7m jackpot from Friday's EuroMillions draw.

Lottery operator Camelot said it had received a claim which would now go through a process of validation.

Once the ticket has been validated and paid, the winner can decide if they want to share the news.

This winner will become the 18th UK player to win more than £100m in a EuroMillions jackpot.

The winning numbers were 03, 12, 15, 25 and 43 with Lucky Stars 10 and 11.

The lucky winner will be wealthier than England footballer Harry Kane (£51m), Harry Potter actor Daniel Radcliffe (£92m) and pop singer Dua Lipa (£75m), according to the Sunday Times Rich List.

Andy Carter, senior winners' adviser at the National Lottery, said: "It is wonderful news that a lucky ticket-holder has claimed this incredible prize."

Last month, a UK ticket-holder claimed £46.2m out of a possible £138m.

In July last year, a UK ticket-holder won a record jackpot of £195m, but kept their identity anonymous.

Jaguar Land Rover-owner Tata has confirmed plans to build its flagship electric car battery factory in the UK.

The new plant in Somerset is expected to create 4,000 UK jobs and thousands more in the wider supply chain.

Tata said it would invest £4bn in the site, but it is understood that the government is also providing subsidies worth hundreds of millions of pounds.

The plant is described as the most important investment in UK automotive since Nissan arrived in the 1980s.

The new gigafactory near Bridgwater will be one of the largest in Europe and will initially make batteries for Jaguar Land Rover vehicles like Range Rover, the Defender and the Jaguar brands.

But the plan is to also supply other car manufacturers as well, with production at the new factory due to start in 2026.

Tata has been in negotiations for months to secure state aid for the project and the government confirmed on Wednesday that Tata had been offered a "large" incentive to site the plant in the UK. The subsidies are likely to be in the form of cash grants, discounts on the cost of energy, and training and research funding.

But Prime Minister Rishi Sunak told the BBC that Tata's decision was based on a wider range of factors.

"Tata is an international business and will consider a number of factors when deciding where to invest. Last autumn the chancellor cut taxes specifically so that we could encourage investments like this," he said.

"We're making lots of changes and it's this whole package that's attractive, like investment in skills and apprenticeships, infrastructure in road, rail and broadband.

"It's also the approach we're taking to regulation after leaving the EU," he added.

Liberal Democrat Treasury spokesperson Sarah Olney MP welcomed the decision, saying it came "after years of the south west being neglected by government investment".

The Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders said that the investment had come at a critical time for the UK.

"With the global industry transitioning at pace to electrification, producing batteries in the UK is essential if we are to anchor wider vehicle production here for the long term," said SMMT chief executive Mike Hawes.

Batteries typically account for a large proportion of the value of an electric vehicle, so a reliable supply is expected to be vital for the future of the UK car industry.

But the government has been criticised for lacking a clear industrial strategy and falling behind the US and EU in attracting investment in low-carbon technologies such as battery manufacturing.

Sharon Graham, general secretary at the Unite union, said: "The US and Europe have clear, proactive plans for jobs and investment. We cannot continually lag behind."

She said the government should use the opportunity to set out a "strategic long-term industrial plan", and require that the new factory be constructed with UK-made steel.

Some industry insiders hope that the Tata battery investment will open the door to further battery investments in the UK.

The UK currently only has one plant in operation next to Nissan's Sunderland factory, and one barely on the drawing board in Northumberland.

Another proposed battery manufacturer, in the north east of England, Britishvolt, went into administration earlier this year.

By contrast the EU has 35 plants open, under construction or planned.

Shadow Business Secretary Jonathan Reynolds welcomed Tata's new plant, adding that Labour would ensure "announcements like this aren't a one-off, but the basis for a growing economy, with good jobs in our industrial heartlands".

As well as owning Jaguar Land Rover, Tata has extensive steel interests in the UK including the Port Talbot plant in South Wales and the government is also expected to offer around £300m to subsidise, upgrade, and decarbonise those operations.

Parliament's cross-party Business and Trade Committee is holding an inquiry into the UK's electric vehicle battery manufacturing sector.

Its chairman Darren Jones, said Tata's decision to site the new plant in the UK was "very welcome" but he raised questions over the scale of the subsidies provided.

"We will want to reflect... on the subsidy package that was required to secure this decision and if this approach is scalable to meet the need for further battery manufacturing sites for other car companies across the UK."

Those concerns were echoed by the FairCharge group, which represents other companies in the electric vehicle sector.

FairCharge's founder, Quentin Willson, said there was a fear in the industry that Tata's investment could "sweep up" all available government support.

"I truly hope that other companies in the battery, critical minerals, charging and EV supply chains won't be neglected," he said.

Andy Palmer, former executive at Nissan and Aston Martin - who is now at EV charging firm Pod Point - said the UK needed a strategic industrial strategy to "lift all boats".

"Support must come in all shapes and sizes for businesses of all shapes and sizes," he said. "One gigafactory doesn't equal success, it equals part of the puzzle."

Queen Elizabeth II and Ronald Reagan at a San Francisco banquet in 1983

Queen Elizabeth II faced a potential assassination threat during a 1983 visit to the US, newly released FBI documents show.

The Federal Bureau of Investigation has released a cache of files relating to the late Queen's travels to the US, following her death last year.

They show how the FBI, which helped secure the monarch's safety during her visits, worried about IRA threats.

The assassination threat was made to a police officer in San Francisco.

According to the file, an officer who frequented an Irish pub in San Francisco warned federal agents about a call from a man he had met at the venue.

The officer said the man told him he was seeking revenge for his daughter who "had been killed in Northern Ireland by a rubber bullet".

The threat came on 4 February 1983 - about a month ahead of Queen Elizabeth II and her husband Prince Philip's visit to California.

"He was going to attempt to harm Queen Elizabeth and would do this either by dropping some object off the Golden Gate Bridge onto the Royal Yacht Britannia when it sails underneath, or would attempt to kill Queen Elizabeth when she visited Yosemite National Park," the document says.

In response to the threat, the Secret Service had planned to "close the walkways on the Golden Gate Bridge as the yacht nears". It is unclear what measures were taken at Yosemite, but the visit went ahead. No details of arrests were published by the FBI.

The 102-page cache was uploaded to the Vault, the FBI's information website, on Monday, following a Freedom of Information Act request submitted by US media outlets.

Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip spoke with National Park rangers during the visit to Yosemite

Many of the late Queen's state visits to the US, including the 1983 visit to the West Coast, came during heightened tensions amid the Troubles in Northern Ireland.

In 1976, the late Queen was in New York City for America's Bicentennial celebrations.

The documents reveal how a summons was issued to a pilot for flying a small plane over Battery Park with a sign that read "England, Get out of Ireland."

The files show how the FBI remained vigilant to what it considered to be the real potential of threats to the late Queen.

Her second cousin Lord Mountbatten was killed in an IRA bombing off the coast of County Sligo, Republic of Ireland, in 1979.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. When an American broke protocol, and amused Her Majesty

Ahead of a personal visit by the late Queen to Kentucky in 1989, an internal FBI memo read "the possibility of threats against the British Monarchy is ever-present from the Irish Republican Army (IRA)".

It continued that "Boston and New York are requested to remain alert for any threats against Queen Elizabeth II on the part of IRA members and immediately furnish same to Louisville," in Kentucky.

The late Queen, who owned racehorses, is known to have visited Kentucky several times during her life to enjoy the state's equestrian highlights, including the Kentucky Derby.

On a state visit in 1991, the late Queen was scheduled to see a Baltimore Orioles baseball game with President George H Bush.

The FBI warned the Secret Service that "Irish groups" were planning protests at the stadium and "an Irish group had reserved a large block of grandstand tickets" to the game.

The bureau told NBC News there might be "additional records" that exist besides the ones released this week, but it did not set out a timetable for their publication.

The skatepark could become a listed site

A West Lothian skatepark is in line to become the first to be granted listed status in Scotland.

Livingston - or "Livi" - skatepark was built in 1981 and has attracted world-famous skaters such as Steve Caballero and Mike McGill.

And Tony Hawk drew huge crowds when he skated Livingston's bowl in 1990.

Historic Environment Scotland (HES) is considering giving it listed status, meaning it is an architecturally and historically important site.

The skatepark was designed and built by architect Ian Urquhart after he was inspired by his wife and dedicated skater Dee Urquhart.

The pair travelled across the United States to learn how to construct and assemble a skatepark.

Since then, the park has become iconic among the skating community.

Local skater Alan Mcintosh recently returned to skateboarding at Livingston after 30 years, aged 48.

"Since I was around 12 or 13, Livi was the place, the mecca, the Scottish Dogtown or Santa Monica," he said.

Alan Mcintosh recently got back on the board

"At 48 it's still the place I associate with the heart of skateboarding in Scotland.

"Livi plays a critical cultural anchor point to skateboarding in Scotland (and beyond) in the same vein as the Glasgow School of Art or Glasgow University does to its disciplines.

"It should be protected at all costs."

West Lothian Council first applied to secure historic status for the site in 2022. If successful, the skatepark's cultural importance would need to be taken into consideration when making management decisions.

Listing the site would not prevent it being used as a skatepark, but it would ensure the long-term protection and maintenance of the facility.

HES is seeking input from people who know and use the skatepark, or have a view on its design, history and significance.

Skateboard Scotland, the official governing body for skateboarding in Scotland, helped HES shape the survey.

Rick Curran from Skateboard Scotland said: "Livingston (Livi) skatepark is a world renowned and iconic Scottish skatepark recognised by many for its ground-breaking design, built at a time when skateboarding was experiencing a global slump.

Skateboarding at Livingston in May 1981

"This design has not only resulted in continuous use by generations of local skaters but has also seen many world-famous pro skaters visit over the years, such as Tony Hawk and Steve Caballero, who recognised Livi's deserved place in skate history.

"Skateboard Scotland are extremely keen for Livingston to retain the essence that makes it a famously strong foundation for Scottish skateboarding, but also to explore necessary steps to ensure this essence is protected for future generations through sympathetic, considered stabilisation and restoration.

"We look forward to working with the skate community and HES on this."

Currently the only listed skatepark in the UK is Rom skatepark in London.

West Lothian councillor Tom Conn said: "Livingston skatepark is a well-used and much-loved facility by the skating community in West Lothian and further afield.

"We are aware that different users of the park have wide-ranging views on its future and we would encourage as many people as possible to please take part in this questionnaire."

Dara Parsons, head of designations at HES, said: "We know that Livingston skatepark is a hugely popular piece of urban heritage, renowned among skaters across Scotland and beyond.

"We want to hear views from as many voices as possible to help us understand more about its cultural and historical significance and its position among our 20th Century heritage."
• None BBC Scotland - The kids saving an 80s skatepark with some help from Tony Hawk

What we've just seen was like two Budgets in one, or, with the World Cup approaching, what a football fan might call "a Budget of two halves".

In the first half, covering the next couple of years before the next general election, there is support for households, in the form of government spending and further support with energy bills. Extra cash has been found for schools, hospitals and social care, and the chief secretary to the Treasury John Glen hinted to me that some of this could be used for higher wage rises for public sector workers.

The second half, after 2025, is a different matter. That's where the eye-watering decisions the chancellor warned us about come in: the spending cuts and higher taxes for all. They're needed if the chancellor is to hit his target of getting debt to shrink as a proportion of economic output in five years.

Whether or not this two-pronged plan works isn't just a question of the score after the final whistle in five years time though - and remember the Conservative Party might not even be on the pitch any more by then - it's also about the verdict over the next few days.

Immediate tax rises, on energy companies and the wealthy, mean that tax as a proportion of economic output will rise to levels not seen since the end of World War Two, which some in his party will no doubt view as anti-growth, but the government defends as necessary in a situation where rising energy prices have pushed up our national energy bills by the equivalent of paying for a second NHS and household incomes are falling by the largest amount since records began in 1956.

In such circumstances Mr Hunt's first priority is to avoid worsening the recession the government's independent forecaster the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) says has already started. That's the reason he can't go in hard now with a plan to balance the Budget.

There are two distinct halves to Hunt's Autumn Statement

The grim consolidation planned for after 2025 - worth £55bn or 2% of the size of the economy - is a downpayment to the markets. It's Mr Hunt aiming to prove he is serious about fixing the public finances.

That's just as vital as protecting growth if his plan is to work. The recent sharp increase in interest rates means the government is facing a bill for its own borrowing that's going to top £100bn a year over the next few years. But that bill could come down if investors are satisfied that the right plan is in place.

Unusually, the position of the opposition, really matters here too. And Labour's shadow Treasury number two Pat McFadden, confirmed to me that his party's current baseline for its economic plans, should it win the next election, is the £54bn fiscal consolidation revealed by the OBR numbers.

Privately the Labour team suggests if they win the next election, it will be left to them to clean up the Conservative party mess. Publicly they are stressing that they need to show they are serious about financial stability. This suggests we may be heading for a 1997-style situation, when Labour in opposition accepted the very tight spending plans that the outgoing government put in place but might themselves never have enacted at all.

All these big economic numbers may well evolve before the election; the OBR is certainly due to give several more forecasts before then. But the tramlines for the next half-decade of politics are in place.

For now the markets seem sufficiently assured that this new team will deal with the deficit. The prime minister and chancellor managed to tell lenders they would immediately be needing £24bn less in funds than thought at the time of the mini-Budget. Labour's broad acceptance helps with the credibility. But the really tough stuff has been pushed out 'til after the election. The unspoken hope here might be that events prove to be far more positive in the coming months - perhaps an end to the war in Ukraine, and the post-pandemic supply bottlenecks. If that does not happen, risks remain here.

The renowned Japanese composer and producer Ryuichi Sakamoto, admired for his electronic music experimentation, has died aged 71.

He won awards - including an Oscar, a Grammy and Bafta - for his work as a solo artist and as a member of the Yellow Magic Orchestra (YMO).

Sakamoto had been diagnosed with cancer for a second time in 2021. His office said he died on Tuesday.

He starred in the film Merry Christmas, Mr Lawrence with David Bowie in 1983.

His film score for The Last Emperor, in 1987, won him an Oscar, a Grammy and a Golden Globe. He also acted in the movie, an epic about the life of Puyi, last emperor of China.

Sakamoto began studying composition at the age of 10 and was inspired by The Beatles and Debussy.

He set up YMO with Haruomi Hosono and Yukihiro Takahashi in 1978, playing keyboards, and their synthesizer innovations influenced techno-pop and hip-hop.

"Asian music heavily influenced Debussy, and Debussy heavily influenced me. So the music goes around the world and comes full circle," he said in 2010.

Prof Brian Cox, physicist and former keyboard player with the bands Dare and D:Ream, praised Sakamoto in a tweet: "He was a big part of my '80s musical experience - initially for me through his work with David Sylvian and Japan - but of course he leaves a magnificent catalogue of music behind".

In a 2018 interview Sakamoto described his striving to challenge the conventions of Western musical composition.

"When I write scores my thinking is limited in the forms of Western composition which I learned when I was a teen. But I always wanted to break it, break the wall, or limits I am trapped inside. Sometimes using electronics or blending with electronic sound can help to break this wall."

He also enjoyed exploring various musical styles. "After I wake up I start thinking, hmm, which music will I listen to," he said. "Sometimes by chance or randomly, you know, some music comes to my mind. To me there is no genre difference, or category differences. Music is music."

In Japan he was also famous as an environmental campaigner, especially after the 2011 Fukushima nuclear meltdown.

Born in 1952, his father was a literary editor for Japanese writers including Nobel laureate Kenzaburo Oe. As a student he was classically trained but later specialised in ethnomusicology at the Tokyo National University of Fine Arts and Music. He was fascinated by world music, including that of Okinawa island in Japan.

His later collaborations included work with Brian Eno, Alva Noto and cellist Jaques Morelenbaum. Sakamoto's daughter Miu Sakamoto is a J-pop singer.

The former prime minister, Theresa May, argued the bill would "consign more people to slavery"

Some senior Tory MPs have criticised the government's asylum reforms as MPs overturned changes made by the House of Lords to the Illegal Migration Bill.

Former PM Theresa May was among more than a dozen Tories arguing for a different approach from ministers.

But their calls did not stop MPs voting to reject revisions peers had made to the bill in the Lords.

The bill is central to Prime Minister Rishi Sunak's pledge to stop small boats crossing the English Channel.

The Illegal Migration Bill seeks to deter people from making the crossing by toughening up the rules and conditions around seeking asylum.

As it was debated in the House of Commons on Tuesday, Mr Sunak said he was "throwing absolutely everything" at tackling Channel crossings.

But the passage of the bill has not been easy, with peers voting for 20 changes and campaigners calling on MPs to reject the government's proposals.

The amendments voted for by the Lords have been overturned by MPs in a series of 18 votes, although ahead of the debate, the Home Office offered several concessions, including on time limits for the detention of children and pregnant women.

The bill now heads to the Lords again, for peers to consider the changes made by MPs.

In a Commons debate, Immigration Minister Robert Jenrick accused peers of "wrecking" the government's asylum reforms by trying to make amendments.

Mr Jenrick said it was "vital" that the bill was passed quickly and described amendments made by the Lords as being "riddled with exceptions and get-out clauses".

The government's concessions were not enough to win the backing of some Tory MPs, who raised concerns over how the bill treats unaccompanied children and the victims of modern slavery.

Mrs May said the bill "will consign more people to slavery", adding she would have to "persist in disagreeing with the government" on this issue.

The former prime minister told MPs: "I know that ministers have said this bill will enable more perpetrators to be stopped, but on modern slavery I genuinely believe it will do the opposite.

"It will enable more slave-drivers to operate and make money out of human misery."

She was among 16 Conservatives who voted against the government's rejection of protections for people claiming to be victims of modern slavery.

There were also rebellions from Conservative MPs connected to the limits and conditions of detaining unaccompanied children.

One of the rebels, former Conservative minister Tim Loughton, said the "assurances that we were promised have not materialised or, if they have, I am afraid nobody understands them".

He complained about the timing of the concessions and said "more work needs to be done" on scrutinising the bill before it becomes law.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Robert Jenrick says cartoons in an asylum reception centre were painted over as they were not "age appropriate" for teenagers.

One of the most controversial aspects of the bill would place a legal duty on the government to detain and remove migrants arriving in the UK illegally, either to Rwanda or another "safe" third country.

Stephen Kinnock, Labour's shadow immigration minister, said the government's Rwanda plan was "fundamentally flawed", and he accused Mr Jenrick of "pettiness" for painting over Mickey Mouse cartoons in an immigration centre.

Mr Kinnock said the bill would "only make a terrible situation worse" by increasing the asylum backlog, and "ensure people smugglers are laughing all the way to the bank".

With Parliament due to break for summer at the end of next week, the bill faces a prolonged stand-off between peers and the government during so-called parliamentary ping-pong, when legislation is batted between the Lords and Commons until agreement on the wording can be reached.

The latest figures show more than 13,000 migrants have made the crossing so far this year, including more than 1,600 in the last four days.

The government's efforts to curb the number of small boats crossing the Channel have been hampered in Parliament and the courts.

A plan to house asylum seekers on a barge moored in Dorset has been delayed.

And the government's policy of sending migrants to Rwanda is set for a legal battle in the Supreme Court.

On Monday, a senior Home Office official confirmed the department was paying to keep nearly 5,000 beds empty across the country, in case a sudden influx of migrants caused overcrowding at detention centres.

The government has stressed it remains committed to its plan to remove migrants to Rwanda, and has said it will challenge a Court of Appeal ruling last week that this was unlawful.

Stroke damage can be limited or avoided with the right treatment

People in the UK are less likely to survive treatable conditions, such as breast cancer and stroke, than those in other rich nations, a study has found.

The review, by the King's Fund think tank, said the problem may be directly linked to the performance of the NHS.

It said below-average spending on the UK health service led to fewer staff and equipment than systems elsewhere.

But the study showed the NHS was very efficient within its budget, with less cash spent on admin than other nations.

The government says the NHS is one of the most efficiently run healthcare systems, and that investment is happening to further improve services.

Ahead of the 75th anniversary of the creation of the NHS next month, the think tank compared the UK's health service with the performance of 18 other health systems, including those in Europe as well as Japan, the US and Australia.

But the think tank also found the UK had low levels of people avoiding medical care due to cost fears - just one in 10 of those questioned maintain there are major difficulties accessing NHS treatment.

The NHS also had the sixth-lowest spend on administration, with an outlay of less than 2% of the budget.

The review noted waiting lists for routine treatments, such as knee and hip replacements, were rising in many countries - with waiting times in the NHS around average.

For these reasons, it concluded the UK health service was neither a "leader nor a laggard".

But report author Siva Anandaciva said it was clear the the NHS had "sadly seen better days".

"While the UK stands out in removing most financial barriers to accessing healthcare and the NHS is run relatively efficiently, it trails behind its international cousins on some key markers of a good healthcare system.

"The pressures of the pandemic on our health service compounded the consequences of more than a decade of squeezed investment," he said

"This leaves the NHS delivering performance that is middling, at best, and the UK must do much more to reduce the number of people dying early from diseases such as heart disease and cancer."

However, Mr Anandaciva said the findings were not an argument for moving to a different funding model, adding there was little evidence any one particular approach to health funding was inherently better than another.

A Department of Health and Social Care spokesman said: "This report recognises the NHS is one of the most efficiently run healthcare systems and we are investing up to £14.1 billion to improve services and cut waiting lists, one of the government's top five priorities."

He said this was paying for new community diagnostic centres, while the number of staff working in the NHS was increasing.

The government is due to publish a workforce plan soon, which is expected to set out a big increase in training places for doctors and nurses.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

A baby has been born using three people's DNA for the first time in the UK, the fertility regulator has confirmed.

Most of their DNA comes from their two parents and around 0.1% from a third, donor woman.

The pioneering technique is an attempt to prevent children being born with devastating mitochondrial diseases.

Fewer than five such babies have been born, but no further details have been released.

Mitochondrial diseases are incurable and can be fatal within days or even hours of birth. Some families have lost multiple children and this technique is seen as the only option for them to have a healthy child of their own.

Mitochondria are the tiny compartments inside nearly every cell of the body that convert food into useable energy.

Defective mitochondria fail to fuel the body and lead to brain damage, muscle wasting, heart failure and blindness.

They are passed down only by the mother. So mitochondrial donation treatment is a modified form of IVF that uses mitochondria from a healthy donor egg.

There are two techniques for performing mitochondrial donation. One takes places after the mother's egg has been fertilised by the father's sperm and the other takes place before fertilisation.

However, mitochondria have their own genetic information or DNA which means that technically the resulting children inherit DNA from their parents and a smidge from the donor as well. This is a permanent change that would be passed down through the generations.

This donor DNA is only relevant for making effective mitochondria, does not affect other traits such as appearance and does not constitute a "third parent".

The technique was pioneered in Newcastle and laws were introduced to allow the creation of such babies in the UK in 2015.

However, the UK did not immediately press ahead. The first baby born via this technique was to a Jordanian family having treatment in the US in 2016.

The Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority (the HFEA) is saying "less than five" babies have been born as of 20 April 2023. It is not giving precise numbers to prevent the families being identified.

These limited details have emerged after a Freedom of Information request by the Guardian newspaper.

"News that a small number of babies with donated mitochondria have now been born in the UK is the next step, in what will probably remain a slow and cautious process of assessing and refining mitochondrial donation," said Sarah Norcross, the director of the Progress Educational Trust.

There has been no word from the teams in Newcastle so it is still uncertain whether the technique was successful.

Prof Robin Lovell-Badge, from the Francis Crick Research Institute, said: "It will be interesting to know how well the mitochondrial replacement therapy technique worked at a practical level, whether the babies are free of mitochondrial disease, and whether there is any risk of them developing problems later in life."

There is technically a risk of "reversion" where any defective mitochondria that are carried over could gain in number and still result in disease.

It had once been estimated that up to 150 such babies could eventually be born each year in the UK.

Elyse Waddy said energy bills were "quick to go up and very slow to come down"

Hotel bosses have accused energy firms of failing to pass on lower prices, warning businesses could be at risk.

Hotel boss Glenn Evans from Betws-y-Coed, Conwy county, pays 90p a unit on his 12-month contract although prices have fallen to 30p a unit.

Hotel owner Elyse Waddy, in Llandudno, faces paying £200,000 more when her three-year fixed tariff ends in July.

The industry body said energy was bought in advance and changes took time to reach customers.

Energy regulator Ofgem said it had written to suppliers to ask them to "show flexibility" with businesses locked into fixed-price contracts signed when prices were at their peak last year.

Mr Evans, operations director at the Royal Oak Hotel, said the fixed price electricity tariffs offered in October were a "shock to the system".

Bill increases were about 400%, but the out-of-contract rate was even higher, so Mr Evans felt he had to sign up for 12 months as the six-month contracts had "disappeared".

Mr Evans wants UK ministers to order energy suppliers to allow firms locked into fixed peak tariffs from last year to renegotiate their contracts.

He added: "We're looking for the government to recognise that there was a dysfunctional market, and that between them and Ofgem, they allow us access to today's prices."

In April, the UK government scaled back its energy support for businesses.

Mr Evans said having already put up prices and introduced energy saving measures, there was not much more he could do to help pay the bills.

"We need hot water for our guests, we need the fridges on, we need the kitchen ventilation, we just can't cut back on parts of the operation."

Hotel boss Glenn Evans pays 90p a unit on his 12-month contract although prices have since fallen to 30p a unit

Ms Waddy, who owns the Empire Hotel, said her gas bill was going to triple and her electricity would double when her contract ends in July.

She likened her experience to "playing poker" with utility companies that "have the power".

Conservative MP for Aberconwy Robin Millar has launched a campaign in Parliament on the issue along with other MPs and hospitality trade bodies.

Energy UK, which represents energy companies, said: "It is important to bear in mind that, when contracts have been agreed and signed, energy is purchased at market rates on behalf of the customer."

Ofgem acknowledged that the costs faced by businesses locked in fixed-term deals were "an enormous challenge".

It added: "While as a regulator, we can't unpick private contracts, we want to see commercially sensible solutions that help non-domestic customers, and we recently wrote to suppliers to ask them to show flexibility, and we will continue to press suppliers on this, while we review the regulation of the non-domestic market more broadly."

The UK government said it had given businesses "unprecedented support" and was in regular discussions with them and Ofgem to ensure customers got a fair deal.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Apple says it will remove services such as FaceTime and iMessage from the UK rather than weaken security if new proposals are made law and acted upon.

The government is seeking to update the Investigatory Powers Act (IPA) 2016.

It wants messaging services to clear security features with the Home Office before releasing them to customers.

The act lets the Home Office demand security features are disabled, without telling the public. Under the update, this would have to be immediate.

Currently, there has to be a review, there can also be an independent oversight process and a technology company can appeal before taking any action.

Because of the secrecy surrounding these demands, little is known about how many have been issued and whether they have been complied with.

But many messaging services currently offer end-to-end encryption - so messages can be unscrambled by only the devices sending and receiving them.

WhatsApp and Signal are among the platforms to have opposed a clause in the Online Safety Bill allowing the communications regulator to require companies to install technology to scan for child-abuse material in encrypted messaging apps and other services.

They will not comply with it, they say, with Signal threatening to "walk" from the UK.

Apple has also opposed the plan.

The government has opened an eight-week consultation on the proposed amendments to the IPA., which already enables the storage of internet browsing records for 12 months and authorises the bulk collection of personal data.

They are "not about the creation of new powers" but making the act more relevant to current technology, it says.

Apple has consistently opposed the act, originally dubbed a "snooper's charter" by critics. Its submission to the current consultation is nine pages long, opposing:

Cyber-security expert Prof Alan Woodward, from Surrey University, said technology companies were unlikely to accept the proposals.

"There is a degree of arrogance and ignorance from the government if they believe some of the larger tech companies will comply with the new requirements without a major fight," he added.

The Home Office told the BBC that the Investigatory Powers Act was designed to "protect the public from criminals, child sex abusers and terrorists".

It added, "we keep all legislation under review to ensure it is as strong as it can be and this consultation is part of that process - no decisions have yet been made".

The search for the diver had begun on Tuesday evening

A major search for a diver reported missing in the Pentland Firth has been called off.

The alarm was raised at around 18:00 on Tuesday, south east of Swona in the Orkney Islands.

The air and sea search continued through the night.

HM Coastguard, who were co-ordinating the operation, said the search was called off on Wednesday afternoon after the man could not be found.

The operation involved three Coastguard helicopters from Sumburgh, Stornoway and Inverness, a Coastguard plane from Humberside, and Coastguard rescue teams from St Margaret's Hope, Kirkwall, Dunoon and Scrabster.

Four RNLI lifeboats were also sent to help from Longhope, Wick, Thurso, and Stromness, and private vessels also assisted.

HM Coastguard said: "The search for an adult diver missing in the Pentland Firth has sadly been called off this afternoon after a comprehensive search was unable to locate him.

"HM Coastguard co-ordinated the operation for about 22 hours following the alarm being raised."

Hun Manet, son of Cambodia's Prime Minister Hun Sen, is expected to succeed his father within weeks

Undeterred by the pouring rain, a long convoy of motorbikes carrying cheering, flag-waving supporters of Cambodia's ruling party revved their engines in preparation for their triumphant final rally in downtown Phnom Penh.

People dutifully lined the road as far as you could see, party stickers on their cheeks, the sky-blue hats and shirts they had been given to wear getting steadily wetter.

Perched on the back of a truck, Hun Manet, the 45-year-old eldest son of Prime Minister Hun Sen, greeted the crowds proclaiming that only the Cambodian People's Party (CPP) was capable of leading the country.

Indeed, his father had made sure that the CPP was the only party which could possibly win the election.

Hun Sen, 70, has run Cambodia in his trademark pugnacious style for 38 years: first in a Vietnam-installed communist regime, then under a UN-installed multi-party system, and more recently as an increasingly intolerant autocrat.

The only party now capable of challenging his rule, the Candlelight Party, was banned from the election on a technicality in May. The remaining 17 parties allowed to contest it were too small or too little-known to pose a threat.

A few hours after the polls closed, the CPP claimed the expected landslide, with a turnout of more than 80%. There were quite high levels of spoiled ballot papers in some polling stations: that was probably the only safe way voters could show their support for the opposition.

With Hun Manet expected to succeed his father within weeks of the vote, in a long-prepared transfer of power, this felt more like a coronation than an election.

"I don't think we can even call it a sham election," says Mu Sochua, an exiled former minister and member of the CNRP, another opposition party banned by the Cambodian authorities in 2017.

"We should call it a 'selection', for Hun Sen to make sure that his party will select his son as the next prime minister of Cambodia, to continue the dynasty of the Hun family."

Hun Sen, who has been in power for 38 years, faced no real challenge at the election

Yet there were signs of nervousness in the CPP before the vote. New laws were hurriedly passed criminalising any encouragement of ballot-spoiling or a boycott. Several Candlelight members were arrested.

"Why was the CPP campaigning so hard, against no one in this election with no real opposition?" asks Ou Virak, founder of the Cambodian think tank Future Forum.

"They knew they would win the election - that was an easy outcome for them. But winning legitimacy is much more difficult.

"They need to keep weakening the opposition, but at the same time, they also need to satisfy the people, so there is no repeat of previous setbacks and disruptions, like street protests."

Hun Sen is one of Asia's great survivors, a wily, street-smart politician who has time and again outmanoeuvred his opponents. He has skilfully played off China, by far the biggest foreign investor these days, against the US and Europe, which are trying to claw back lost influence in the region.

But he has come close to losing elections in the past. He is still vulnerable, to rival factions in his own ruling party, and to any sudden downturn in the Cambodian economy which could sour public opinion against him. So as he prepares for a once-in-a-generation leadership change, he is trying to cement his legacy.

A short drive north of the capital, a 33m-high concrete-and-marble monolith was built recently, which he calls the Win-Win memorial.

The Win-Win Memorial opened in 2018 and reportedly cost $12m

Its massive base is covered in carved stone reliefs, echoing Cambodia's greatest historic monument, Angkor Wat.

They depict Hun Sen's flight from Khmer Rouge-ruled Cambodia to Vietnam in 1977, his triumphant return with the invading Vietnamese army in 1979, and his eventual deal with the last of the Khmer Rouge leaders in 1998 that ended the long civil war - his win-win for the Cambodian people.

Delivering peace and prosperity has long been Hun Sen's main claim to legitimacy. Since 1998, Cambodia has had one of the world's fastest-growing economies, albeit from a very low base.

But it is a model of growth which has concentrated wealth in the hands of a few families - the number of ultra-luxury cars on the roads of such a low-income country is jarring. It has encouraged rapacious exploitation of Cambodia's natural resources and it has left many ordinary people feeling that they are not winning under Mr Sen.

Prak Sopheap lives with her family at the back of an engine repair shop, squeezed between the main road and one of the many shallow lakes in the low-lying land outside Phnom Penh. They have been there for 25 years, fishing and cultivating vegetables on the lake.

Today, though, much of the lake has been filled with rubble by a property developer and Ms Sopheap's family have been ordered to leave.

She showed me a document from the local council, confirming how long she had lived there, and another document, a summons to court on a charge of illegally occupying state land. She feels powerless and angry - and she is not alone.

Prak Sopheap has been ordered to leave her home of 25 years

Land disputes are among the most incendiary grievances in Cambodia. All property deeds were destroyed in the Khmer Rouge revolution.

Since the end of the civil war, millions of hectares have been allocated for commercial development, a lucrative arrangement which has made many politicians and businesses allied to Hun Sen very rich.

The courts very rarely rule against these powerful interests. Transparency International ranks Cambodia as 150th out of 180 countries for corruption: in the Asia-Pacific region, only Myanmar and North Korea rank lower.

"Hun Sen always talks about his 'win-win policy'", says Ms Sopheap. "But we feel it is he alone who wins. We cannot feel at peace, as we now face eviction. We, the real Cambodian people, who live on this land, are suffering in the name of development."

Those who have tried to campaign against land grabs and evictions have been harassed, beaten and jailed, as have trade unionists and supporters of opposition parties. I asked Ms Sopheap how she would vote in this election. "Who can I choose?" she asked. "Who can protect me?"

Half of those eligible to vote are under 35 years old. The CPP has tried attracting them by having Hun Manet and other younger party leaders run this year's campaign, with a slick social media strategy.

But as most Cambodians have no memory of war or the Khmer Rouge, Ly Chandravuth, a 23-year-old law graduate and environmental activist, says the old CPP campaign points are no longer persuasive.

"Hun Manet's biggest challenge will be that my generation is very different from previous ones, who were traumatised by the Khmer Rouge," he says.

"Since I was a child, I have watched the ruling party reminding us of that tragedy, telling us that as they brought peace, we should support them. But that argument is less and less effective. Every time the ruling party brings it up, the young generation mocks them, because they have been repeating it for 30 years."

Can Hun Manet modify the rough-house, sometimes thuggish leadership style of his father to a softer and more subtle kind of rule? Despite his Western education, his years heading the army and his long apprenticeship, he has never yet held a top political office.

With him, other "princeling" sons of Hun Sen's contemporaries, such as Defence Minister Tea Banh and Interior Minister Sar Keng, are also expected to replace their fathers in the cabinet - a dynastic shift which keeps the levers of power with the same families, but in less experienced hands. The next few years could be a delicate, even dangerous time for Cambodia.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

A teenager who killed eight fellow students and a security guard in a school in Serbia planned the attack for weeks and had a "kill list", according to police.

The 13-year-old was arrested following Wednesday's attack at the Vladislav Ribnikar primary school in Belgrade.

The boy's father and mother have also been arrested.

Of those killed, seven of the victims were girls at the school, but the motive for the attack is still unclear.

Another six pupils and a teacher were injured in the shooting, four more boys and two girls.

A boy who was shot in the neck and chest is said to have suffered the worst injuries, while a girl is in critical condition with a head injury.

Officers in helmets and bulletproof vests cordoned off the area around the school, located in the central Vracar neighbourhood, shortly after 08:40 (06:40 GMT).

The suspect is alleged to have used his father's guns, both of which had legal permits. He is also said to have gone to a shooting range more than once with his father before the killings.

In a televised address to the country, President Aleksandar Vucic described the attack as "the most difficult day in the modern history of our country".

He said the suspect would be sent to a psychiatric clinic. Under current Serbian law, he cannot be held criminally responsible as he is under 14.

Mr Vucic has suggested that the age of criminal liability may be lowered to 12 in the wake of the killings.

He has also proposed several other reforms, including an audit on firearms licences and a tightening of the rules around who can access shooting ranges.

Police say the suspect planned the attack a month in advance and that he had carried a "priority list" of children to target and which classrooms he would go into first.

Four of those wounded, three boys and another girl, were stable and conscious on Wednesday.

A teacher injured in the attack was also reported to have undergone surgery and the health minister said on Tuesday her life was at risk.

Most of the victims were born in 2009 - meaning they were either 13 or 14 at the time of the incident.

A national three-day mourning period starting on Friday has been announced.

Tributes have been laid for the victims of Wednesday's shooting outside the school in central Belgrade

The sounds of crying parents could be heard on the streets around the school hours after the shooting.

Milan Milosevic, the father of one of the pupils at the school, said his daughter was in the class where the gun was fired and managed to escape.

"[The boy] first shot the teacher and then he started shooting randomly," Mr Milosevic told broadcaster N1.

"I saw the security guard lying under the table. I saw two girls with blood on their shirts. They say he [the shooter] was quiet and a good pupil. He recently joined their class."

"I saw kids running out from the school, screaming. Parents came, they were in panic. Later I heard three shots," one student told the Serbian state broadcaster RTS.

Mr Vucic said the suspect had become friendly with the guard, who was described by one parent as "a man who loved kids".

Mass shootings are comparatively rare in Serbia, which has very strict gun laws, but gun ownership in the country is among the highest in Europe.

The western Balkans are awash with illegal weapons following wars and unrest in the 1990s. In 2019, it was estimated that there are 39.1 firearms per 100 people in Serbia - the third highest in the world, behind the US and Montenegro.

In the deadliest shooting since then, Ljubisa Bogdanovic killed 14 people in the central village of Velika Ivanca in 2013, and Nikola Radosavljevic killed nine and wounded five in the eastern village of Jabukovac in July 2007.

Parachute Regiment troops tortured Liam Holden, pictured in 2012, into saying he killed a soldier, the judge ruled

The family of a Belfast man has been awarded £350,000 in damages after he was tortured into admitting killing a British soldier in 1972.

Liam Holden was subjected to waterboarding techniques while in military custody and his treatment led to a confession, the High Court ruled.

His conviction for murdering Private Frank Bell was quashed a decade ago.

The last man in the UK sentenced to hang, Mr Holden died last September, aged 68.

His death penalty was commuted and he was released 17 years into a 40-year sentence, the rest of which he spent on licence.

He always maintained he was hooded, waterboarded and had a gun pointed at his head before wrongly admitting to shooting Private Bell.

Mr Holden's murder conviction was finally quashed in 2012, and he was then awarded £1m for losses suffered due to the miscarriage of justice.

Delivering Friday's ruling in the damages case against the Ministry of Defence (MoD), the judge said Mr Holden genuinely believed he was going to be killed.

With paratroopers having wrongly and unlawfully induced him to make the admission, the MoD was held liable for his malicious prosecution and misfeasance in public office.

"The plaintiff was subjected to waterboarding; he was hooded; he was driven in a car flanked by soldiers to a location where he thought he would be assassinated," said the judge.

"A gun was put to his head and he was threatened that he would be shot dead.

Liam Holden, aged 18, was taken into police custody in 1972

"Hooding of the plaintiff, in the circumstances as alleged, constitutes inhuman and degrading treatment in breach of Article 3 of the [European Convention on Human Rights]," he said.

The judge said that while the soldiers had an "honest belief" they were acting lawfully they knew their actions would injure Mr Holden and "unquestionably acted in bad faith".

Their actions left Mr Holden with significant psychological effects, said the judge.

According to the Holden family and their solicitor, this was the first time a court had found waterboarding took place during The Troubles.

After the ruling, the family expressed sadness and relief.

"My father is not here to see this finished," his son Samuel Bowden told BBC Radio Ulster's Talkback programme.

"What he went through should never have happened... today it's all clear that he was innocent."

At a previous court hearing, Mr Holden gave his account of his treatment by soldiers after his arrest.

He said he was pinned to the floor while a towel was placed over his face.

"They started pouring a bucket of water slowly through the towel," he said.

"The first thing I felt was the cold, then trying to breathe and then sucking water in through my mouth and up my nose.

"It was like you were just drowning."

Samuel Bowden (right) said the ruling left the family with a sense of sadness and relief

He said that up to four sessions of questioning and waterboarding were carried out.

Mr Holden was then hooded, dragged out of a chair and taken to a loyalist area of Belfast.

"While we were driving one of the soldiers was tapping my knee with a gun, saying: 'This is for you'," he told the court.

"They took me out of the car and brought me into a field, put a gun to my head and said if I didn't admit to shooting the soldier they would shoot me."

Asked by his barrister how he had responded to the alleged threat, Mr Holden replied: "I just said: 'I shot the soldier.'

"[I] made a cock-and-bull story about where I shot him from, where I got the weapon, where I dumped the weapon and how I got away."

A forensic psychiatrist who examined Mr Holden in 2016 said he described being plagued by nightmares more frightening than any real-life experience.

His son Samuel said his criminal record made it difficult to get work, leave the country or just "get a normal life going".

When they have picked themselves up from their humiliation, the French will need to gather their sangfroid and confront some cruel verities.

Number one: there is no sentiment in geostrategy.

The French must see there is no point in wailing about having been shoddily treated. They were.

But who ever heard of a nation short-changing its defence priorities out of not wanting to give offence? The fact is that the Australians calculated they had underestimated the Chinese threat and so needed to boost their level of deterrence.

They acted with steely disregard for French concerns but, when it comes to the crunch, that is what nations do. It is almost the definition of a nation: a group of people who have come together to defend their own interests. Their own, not others'.

Of course, sometimes nations decide their interests are best served by joining alliances. That's what the US did in suppressing its isolationist instincts in the last century.

But the second painful truth exposed by the Aukus affair is that the US no longer has any great interest in the outdated behemoth that is Nato. Nor does it harbour any particular loyalty to those who have stood by its side.

Gaullists in France - and President Emmanuel Macron is one of them - dream of their country as a fully independent power, exercising its force for good thanks to a global presence and nuclear-backed military strength. In practice, and not without considerable reserve, France has bound itself to the US-led alliance because that seemed both moral and expedient.

But now the questions echo around Paris: Why did we bother? What was in it for us?

"This blow came completely out of the blue," says Renaud Girard, senior foreign affairs analyst at Le Figaro newspaper.

"Macron made so much effort to help the Anglo-Saxons. With the Americans in Afghanistan; with the British on military co-operation; with the Australians in the Indo-Pacific. Look, he kept saying, we're following you - we are genuine allies.

"And he made the effort not just with Biden - but with Trump too! All that, and then this. No reward at all. Treated like dogs."

The French will now be re-evaluating their role in Nato. Their military participation in the organisation was suspended by De Gaulle in 1966 and only restored by Nicolas Sarkozy in 2009. There is no talk, yet, of a second withdrawal. But remember, Emmanuel Macron is the man who described Nato two years ago as "brain-dead". He will not have changed his mind.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Australia’s ‘risky bet’ to side with US over China

But the third harsh truth is that there is no obvious other way for France to fulfil its global ambitions.

The lesson of the last week is that France by itself is too small to make much of a dent in strategic affairs. Every four years the Chinese build as many ships as there are in the entire French fleet. When it came to the crunch, the Australians preferred to be close to a superpower, not a minipower.

The conventional way out of the conundrum has been for the French to say their military future lies in Europe. The EU - with its vast population and technological resources - would be the springboard for France's global mission.

But 30 years has given nothing beyond a few joint brigades, a bit of procurement planning and minor contingents from Estonia and the Czech Republic in Mali. For Renaud Girard, the idea of the EU as a military force is a "complete joke".

Accept realities. Try to form ad hoc alliances (like Macron was indeed trying to do in the Indo-Pacific). Keep pushing the Germans to get over their 20th Century complexes and act like the power they really are.

And keep open a doorway to the British. It may not be the easiest of suggestions at the moment. Relations between Paris and London are at their worst level for many years. The French find it hard to conceal their contempt for Boris Johnson, and many in London appear to feel the same way back.

In the short term, it is quite possible that France will seek to punish the UK for its role in the Aukus affair, says Girard, possibly by scaling back the secret nuclear co-operation that forms part of the 2010 Lancaster Accords. There could be fall-out in other areas too, like the control of cross-Channel migrants.

But the UK's is Europe's only other serious army. The two countries have similar histories and world experiences. Their soldiers respect each other. In the long term, Franco-British defence co-operation is too logical to ignore. That may be the last of Macron's painful truths.

Chris Heaton-Harris says the UK government now has more clarity on DUP demands

Secretary of State Chris Heaton-Harris has said he is "very hopeful" that the Stormont executive will return in the autumn.

He said he believed a resolution of the difficulties was "getting much closer".

But Sinn Féin's Michelle O'Neill said she did not hear any urgency on the part of the UK government to restore Stormont during her talks.

The DUP has insisted new legislation is needed before it will end its 18-month boycott over post-Brexit trade rules.

The party walked out of Stormont's power-sharing executive in February 2022 in protest over a Brexit deal which introduced new checks and restrictions on goods moving from Great Britain to Northern Ireland.

The Northern Ireland secretary was speaking after holding a series of talks with the main political parties this week.

He said new legislation may be required at Westminster and the government now has "a lot more clarity" about what the DUP is seeking.

Speaking after her meeting at Hillsborough Castle on Thursday, Ms O'Neill said she made it clear to the secretary of state that the current political vacuum at Stormont was "totally unsustainable".

"All it is serving is to punish the public," she said.

"Whilst people in the DUP take themselves off on summer holidays, families are left struggling; workers and families are left struggling and worried about how they are going to deal with the cost of living."

If you'd asked me where we're at earlier today I would have said in a very bad place, but that's before we heard the optimism pouring out of Chris Heaton-Harris.

He, let's face it, is in a better position to know than us.

Let us see what happens in September before popping any Champagne corks.

We have to see what the DUP says, because no matter how much people don't like it, there will be no deal unless the DUP says there's a deal.

We are certainly not there yet.

Earlier, Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) leader Doug Beattie predicted the executive would be restored by the autumn.

Mr Beattie said his delegation had "a good conversation" with the secretary of state at Hillsborough Castle but said he was a realist and admitted that "the timings are getting tight".

Mr Beattie said there would be a couple of weeks in September when a decision would have to be made and insisted "that's down to the DUP".

The UUP's Robbie Butler and Doug Beattie also met the NI secretary at Hillsborough

The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), SDLP and Alliance Party met the secretary of state in London on Wednesday.

Afterwards, the DUP said that the onus was on the government to introduce new legislation at Westminster from September.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak negotiated the Windsor Framework with the EU to address some of the problems created by the post-Brexit Irish Sea border.

But the DUP said it still had many concerns and submitted an 18-page document to the government outlining its demands before it will return to Stormont.

The Sinn Féin delegation told reporters that the party has not seen that document because, so far, it had only been shared with the government.

The talks are aimed at restoring Stormont's devolved institutions at Stormont which collapsed in February 2022

Speaking after meeting Mr Heaton-Harris on Wednesday, the DUP's deputy leader, Gavin Robinson, said the government knows what steps are needed to restore devolution.

"They are going to have to bring forward measures in the House of Commons that address the constitutional issues that we have highlighted," he added.

However, SDLP leader Colum Eastwood said the DUP had been given "far too much road" and that it was time for the government to get much tougher on them.

Speaking to BBC's Good Morning Ulster on Thursday, the Foyle MP said the DUP "need to get back to work" as local people are frustrated.

"We have a quarter of the population on hospital waiting lists and we have the DUP playing games," Mr Eastwood said.

Colum Eastwood says he is downbeat about Stormont being restored soon

"We are in this sort of de facto direct rule situation where the British government is making decisions when we need local people making those decisions."

Alliance's deputy leader Stephen Farry said he was "not entirely sure that the government and the DUP are on the same page" in terms of requests for new legislation to deal with the DUP's concerns over the Windsor Framework.

Stephen Farry from Alliance said he was concerned about Stormont's worsening finances during the wait to restore devolution

He told the BBC's Good Morning Ulster that he too did not know exactly what the DUP has asked for.

"I hear the rhetoric at times from the DUP. I hear demands at times that are unrealistic," Mr Farry said.

The North Down MP added: "I am concerned - and the longer this drifts, the worse the current financial crisis gets in Northern Ireland."

British microchip designing giant Arm has filed to sell its shares in the US, setting the stage for what could be the biggest stock market listing this year.

The Cambridge-based firm is reportedly aiming to raise up to $10bn (£8bn).

In a blow to the UK, the company said in March that it did not plan to list its shares in London.

Arm was bought in 2016 by Japanese conglomerate Softbank in a deal worth £23.4bn. At the time Arm was listed in London and New York.

The firm designs the tech behind processors - commonly known as chips - that power devices from smartphones to game consoles.

Its designs are used by chip manufacturers like the Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company and household brands like Apple and Samsung to build their own processors.

Softbank said it had "confidentially submitted a draft registration statement" for the listing to the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).

The announcement did not reveal how much it planned to raise or when the share sale might take place.

The firm was seeking to raise between $8bn and $10bn through the listing this year on the technology-heavy Nasdaq platform in New York, according to reports.

Listing a firm on a stock exchange takes it from being a private to a public company, with investors able to buy and sell shares of a company's stock on specific exchanges.

Sometimes referred to as the "crown jewel" of the UK's technology sector, Arm was founded in Cambridge, England, in 1990.

Earlier this year, Arm said it did not plan to pursue a London Stock Exchange listing.

Reports in January said that UK Prime Minister Rishi Sunak had restarted talks with Softbank about a possible London listing.

Arm's decision raised concerns that the UK market is not doing enough to attract tech company stock offerings, with US exchanges seen to offer higher profiles and valuations.

The registration shows that Softbank is pushing ahead with the multi-billion dollar sale despite difficult conditions in the global financial markets.

The number of stock market listings has fallen sharply since Russia's invasion of Ukraine. At the same time, shares in major technology companies have fallen in the wake of the pandemic.

Softbank said the listing was "subject to market and other conditions and the completion of the SEC's review process."

Last year, Softbank called off its planned $40bn sale of Arm to technology group Nvidia after facing regulatory hurdles in the UK, US and EU.

After an acute shortage of semiconductors during the pandemic, the chip making industry has faced slowing demand.

Last week, US chipmaking giant Intel reported its largest quarterly loss in the company's history, while South Korean rival Samsung posted a more than 90% fall in its profits.

A successful stock market listing of Arm would be welcome news for its owner Softbank. Its Vision Funds have been hit by losses due to the declining valuations of many of its investments in technology start-ups.

Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has returned to the front line near Bakhmut where fighting has raged for months.

The devastated city has long been a focal point of the war as Russian forces try to revive their military campaign in the east.

His visit came as Russian forces launched a series of strikes on Ukrainian cities.

At least eight people were killed near Kyiv and in Zaporizhzhia.

Ukraine's military said it shot down 16 drones, but another five got through.

Seven people died in an attack on student dormitories near the capital in Rzhyschiv. Then a rocket slammed into a block of flats in the south-eastern city of Zaporizhzhia, leaving one dead and 25 wounded. Local leaders said the number of victims could rise.

While President Zelensky condemned Russia's "bestial" attacks on civilians, he also visited the eastern front line, where Ukrainian forces have held Russia at bay for more than seven months. He last visited the area in December.

Footage released by the President's office showed him in an old industrial warehouse giving medals to battle-weary soldiers. "I am honoured to be here today," he told servicemen, "in the east of our country, in Donbas, and to award our heroes, to thank you, to shake your hands."

UK military intelligence said on Wednesday that a Ukrainian counter-attack to the west of Bakhmut was likely to relieve pressure on the main supply route to the city, and that Russia's attack on the city could be losing the "limited momentum" it had.

"Fighting continues around the town centre and the Ukrainian defence remains at risk from envelopment from the north and south," the statement added.

Meanwhile, Russian occupation officials in Crimea said that a drone attack on the port city of Sevastopol had been repelled, days after President Vladimir Putin visited the city.

Explosions were reported by residents, but the Russian-installed governor said three "objects" targeting the Black Sea Fleet had been destroyed and Russian warships were not damaged.

There was no comment from Ukraine's military, which said earlier this week it had destroyed missiles destined for the fleet at a rail hub in Dzhankoi in northern Crimea.

Ukraine's cities were hit by drones in the early hours of Wednesday and later by rockets.

Rescue services searched for survivors after the upper floors of two student dormitories were hit in the city of Rzhyshchiv in Kyiv region. At least seven people were killed, including an ambulance driver, police said. Among the nine wounded was an 11-year-old boy.

Hours later, two missiles crashed into nine-storey blocks of flats in Zaporizhzhia, setting two buildings on fire. Officials said one person died in hospital and another 25 people were wounded.

A number of flats were destroyed by the blasts and an air force spokesman indicated they might have been hit by Tornado-S rockets, which have a maximum range of 120km (75 miles).

In a tweet, Mr Zelensky said residential areas in Zaporizhzhia were being targeted and it could not become "just another day" in Ukraine or the rest of the world.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The Russian attacks came a day after Chinese President Xi Jinping completed a two-day visit to Moscow, promoting a 12-point peace plan.

The Ukrainian president noted that every time "someone tries to hear the word 'peace' in Moscow", another order was given to launch attacks.

President Putin said earlier that many of the Chinese proposals "can be taken as the basis for [the] settling of the conflict in Ukraine, whenever the West and Kyiv are ready for it".

The plan makes no specific proposals and does not call explicitly for Russian forces to leave Ukraine's sovereign territory.

Boris Johnson should pay back the public money used to cover a £245,000 bill for his lawyers during the Partygate inquiry, opposition MPs say.

An inquiry by MPs found the former prime minister had deliberately misled Parliament over lockdown parties.

The top lawyers defending Mr Johnson were paid for with taxpayer funds.

Labour says Prime Minister Rishi Sunak should demand Mr Johnson "pays back every penny" of public money used to fund his legal defence.

The government has sought to justify the decision by claiming there is a precedent for supporting former ministers with legal representation.

But the government has not been able to name a single example of a former minister receiving taxpayer-funded legal support for a parliamentary inquiry.

Labour's deputy leader, Angela Rayner, said Conservative ministers had "utterly failed" to produce evidence to back up their assertion that funding Mr Johnson's legal defence followed convention.

"This murky arrangement that has seen the public left to pick up the tab for Boris Johnson's Partygate legal bills is not only without precedent but without justification," Ms Rayner said.

The Liberal Democrats have urged Mr Sunak to "do the decent thing and force Johnson to pay the bill himself".

"It's frankly unbelievable that hardworking taxpayers are being left to foot the bill for Boris Johnson's shameful antics," the party's Cabinet Office spokesperson, Christine Jardine, said.

The SNP's leader in Westminster, Stephen Flynn, said: "The legal costs, which the public have paid for, need to be recouped from Mr Johnson."

Mr Johnson's spokesperson referred to the government's response, explaining there is a long-standing position on legal support, justified by precedent.

The inquiry by the Privileges Committee was launched last April, after opposition parties accused Mr Johnson of misleading MPs about gatherings in government buildings during Covid-19 lockdowns.

In an unprecedented decision, the committee found Mr Johnson had committed repeated contempts of Parliament with his Partygate denials.

In its conclusions, the committee said criticisms of the inquiry in opinions submitted by Mr Johnson's legal advisers were "without merit".

Mr Johnson said the inquiry amounted to a "political assassination", and branded the committee's findings "deranged".

The Cabinet Office made the decision to cover Mr Johnson's legal costs for the inquiry last year, when he was still prime minister.

The BBC has spoken to two former ministers who were investigated by MPs for misleading Parliament and were not given legal support.

The former Labour MP and transport secretary, Stephen Byers, was not offered legal support when he faced a four-month inquiry in 2005.

Nor was the former Labour MP and paymaster general, Geoffrey Robinson, who was found to have "inadvertently" misled MPs in 2001.

In a response to a parliamentary question this week, Cabinet Office minister Jeremy Quin defended the decision to pay Mr Johnson's legal costs.

He said the principle "can also be applied to parliamentary inquiries, where it relates to one's conduct as minister of the Crown".

But Mr Quin provided no examples of former ministers having their legal bills covered for parliamentary inquiries.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The MP who submitted the question, Labour's Karl Turner, said that the Cabinet Office had "created a precedent" with the decision to fund Mr Johnson's legal defence.

This meant there was now a two-tier system whereby ministers and former ministers receive legal support to fight parliamentary inquiries, and backbench MPs do not, he added.

"We cannot have a system that unfairly advantages one member as against another member, in terms of having their excessively large legal bills covered by the taxpayer," Mr Turner said.

"Mr Johnson is a multi-millionaire if he wants to instruct the country's leading public lawyers and solicitors then let him pay for it."

Last month, the contract to hire Mr Johnson's legal team was extended for the third time and increased in value, from £222,000 to £245,000.

The Treasury did not sign off the decision to use public money to pay the bill, but has insisted its approval was not required for all spending decisions.

The National Audit Office (NAO), which scrutinises government spending, has been examining the decision to cover Mr Johnson's legal costs during the inquiry.

Lola James died at the Noah's Ark children's hospital in Cardiff on 21 July, 2020

A mother accused of causing or allowing the death of her two-year-old daughter told police: "I wouldn't hurt her, she's my baby, my shadow".

Lola James died in hospital as a result of a "catastrophic" head injury in July 2020.

Swansea Crown Court heard Sinead James told officers she was not responsible for her daughter's injuries.

The 30-year-old denies causing or allowing the death of Lola four months after her partner moved in.

Her partner, Kyle Bevan, 31, of Aberystwyth, Ceredigion, denies murdering Lola at their home in Haverfordwest, Pembrokeshire.

Ms James told police the first she knew about what had happened was when Mr Bevan ran into her bedroom to tell her she needed to get up, saying: "There's an ambulance coming for Lola, she's limp."

Ms James said Mr Bevan later told her the family dog had jumped on Lola and knocked her down the stairs.

She said she called her mother and an ambulance.

She then went downstairs to see Lola, who was on the living room sofa.

Ms James said she told Mr Bevan to put her down as he began to pick her up.

The court heard she told police: "I haven't done anything to her, she's my baby."

She told officers Lola was accident prone with "two left feet" and that she "doesn't sleep and falls over everything".

She said: "I wish I was there, I wish I could have stopped it."

When asked about her relationship with Mr Bevan, Ms James said they had met online and were sleeping together.

She said: "I don't believe for a second he would have hurt her."

She said he was "amazing" with Lola.

Ms James told police that if she had to choose between Lola and Mr Bevan: "I'd walk away, his bags would be packed and he'd be gone."

When she saw video during a police interview of Mr Bevan holding Lola up she wanted to "punch him in the face".

Police said the footage depicted Bevan picking her up and letting her "flop back" to "show his mother she couldn't stand up".

The court heard he had not yet called an ambulance when it was filmed.

Before seeing the footage, Ms James said: "Why didn't he call an ambulance straight away?"

As she watched, Ms James said: "He's not even holding her properly, I feel sick.

"I want to punch him in the face. He's probably caused her more damage. Why would he do that to a baby?"

She said he should be protecting her and called the video "sickening".

The court heard she told police: "If he can do that what has actually happened to my baby?"

She told them she did not know whether she thought Mr Bevan's behaviour was controlling.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

At least 24 injured people have been taken to hospital after a "devastating" tornado hit Little Rock, Arkansas, according to the city's mayor.

The twister churned through the state's capital city on Friday, flipping cars, smashing roofs and toppling trees.

Several blocks have been heavily damaged, according to aerial footage posted by the Weather Channel.

Nearly 90 million people in 15 US states are under threat from an "explosive" storm system.

A state of emergency has also been declared in Missouri and two tornados were reported in Iowa.

Arkansas Governor Sarah Huckabee Sanders declared a state of emergency and deployed the National Guard after what she described as "significant damage" in central Arkansas.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Little Rock Mayor Frank Scott Jr tweeted that the tornado in that city was "devastating".

In a tweet on Friday evening he said that no deaths had yet been reported, but "property damage is extensive".

The University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences Medical Center in Little Rock said it was expecting at least 15-20 patients.

Baptist Health Medical Center, the state's biggest hospital, said it had five patients in a critical condition.

It comes just one week after a rare, long-track twister killed 26 people in Mississippi. President Joe Biden visited the state on Friday to pay condolences and promise federal aid.

High risk severe thunderstorm warnings were in place on Friday for parts of Arkansas, Illinois, Iowa, Missouri and Tennessee, according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Storm Prediction Center.

The agency warned in a bulletin that some of the projected tornados could track across the ground for long distances.

Bill Bunting, the operations chief for the Storm Prediction Center, told the BBC the last time there were two separate such high risk warnings simultaneously was in April 2012.

Last week's tornado in Mississippi damaged more than 2,000 homes in the town of Rolling Fork

The Mississippi tornado last week travelled 59 miles (94km) and lasted about an hour and 10 minutes - an unusually long period of time for a storm to sustain itself. It damaged about 2,000 homes, officials said.

Over 79,000 customers in Arkansas were without electricity, according to Poweroutages.us. Over 28,000 lost power in Oklahoma, where high winds were said to have downed power lines, sparking grass fires. Outages were also reported in Missouri, Kansas and Texas.

Police say the two tornados in Iowa touched down in a field, causing no major damage or injuries, according to the Associated Press.

It is unclear if the severity of the storm was fuelled by climate change, and the link between tornadoes and warming weather is complex.

The world has already warmed by about 1.2C since the industrial era began and temperatures will keep rising unless governments around the world make steep cuts to emissions, says the United Nations' climate panel.

A picture of the fishing boat in the hours before it sank

Nine Egyptian men accused of causing a disaster last week when a vessel carrying hundreds of people sank off the Greek coast have pleaded not guilty.

The nine suspects - all aged between 20 and 40 - are accused of people-smuggling and other offences.

A lawyer for one of the men said his client was a passenger, not a smuggler.

At least 78 migrants are known to have died in the disaster but many more are feared to have drowned.

The UN's human rights office says that up to 500 people are still missing.

The BBC has obtained evidence casting doubt on the Greek coastguard's account of the shipwreck.

Analysis of the movement of other ships in the area suggests the overcrowded fishing vessel was not moving for at least seven hours before it capsized. But the coastguard still claims that during these hours the boat was on a course to Italy and not in need of rescue.

Greek officials maintain those on board said they did not want help and were not in danger until just before their boat sank.

The nine suspects all appeared at the Kalamata Court on Monday to face charges of negligent manslaughter, exposing lives to danger, causing a shipwreck and human trafficking.

Alexandros Dimaresis, a lawyer for one of the accused, said that his client was innocent and "paid the smugglers to be taken to Europe".

"He is not a smuggler himself. He was just a passenger," Mr Dimaresis said outside court.

The suspects will be back in court on Tuesday, when it will be decided whether they will remain in jail until the start of the trial.

Meanwhile, Pakistani authorities have arrested 14 people in connection with the alleged trafficking of several migrants who drowned in the disaster.

The government in Islamabad has ordered a high-level inquiry to investigate the human trafficking network thought to be involved, a statement from Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif's office said.

At least 21 of those who are missing came from the Kotli district in Pakistan's part of the Himalayan Kashmir region, police said. Two of the 12 Pakistanis who survived the sinking also came from the same town.

Since the fishing boat carrying up to 750 people went down 50 nautical miles off Pylos in southern Greece, the role of the coastguard has come under increasing scrutiny.

The UN has called for an investigation into Greece's handling of the disaster, amid claims more action should have been taken earlier to initiate a full-scale rescue attempt.

We've been inundated with reaction to today's interest rate decision by the Bank of England - both in favour and against it. Here's a flavour of some of the different views.

Anna Leach of the Confederaton of British Industry (CBI) says the Bank had no other option but to go for a "bumper rate rise" - though the it will "come as a blow to hard-pressed households and businesses who are struggling with rising costs".

Sharon Graham of the trade union Unite said the Bank had made the "wrong choice" in "inflicting pain on ordinary households".

She said the rise was "nothing more than a hand-out" to banks who had already "made bumper profits".

Jonathan Samuels, chief executive of loan company Octane Capital said while 0.5% jump was "probably appropriate" and "should help the Bank of England regain a grip over the situation at hand".

Analysts from Dutch bank ING said it seems likely that the Bank will hike rates again in the coming months, though more likely with two further 0.25% increases than another 0.5% rise.

And finally, Economist Mohammed El-Erian told the BBC he feels Brexit has been a factor in the 13th successive hike.

"We decided to redefine our trading relationships. that has disrupted our supply chains. That sets us apart and explains why our inflation is higher and more stubborn than what we see elsewhere."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

A school head, a custodian and a substitute teacher are among the victims of a shooting that has left six dead at a school in Nashville, Tennessee.

Three pupils were also killed in the attack by a 28-year-old former student on Monday. The children, all aged nine, have been named as Evelyn Dieckhaus, Hallie Scruggs and William Kinney.

The three employees killed were Cynthia Peak, 61, Katherine Koonce, 60, and Michael Hill, 61.

Police said they did not believe any of the victims had been specifically targeted.

Koonce was the head of school at Covenant, and one parent told BBC News she was a "saint".

"She did so much for those kids," said the mother, who has two children enrolled at the school.

"She knew every single student by name," she said. "She did everything to help them when families couldn't afford things, it didn't matter. She found ways for them to stay."

Robert Gay said he met Ms Koonce when he was a student at Christ Presbyterian Academy, a small private Christian school in Nashville where he said Koonce once worked as a special education teacher.

He told BBC News she was always willing to encourage and empower her students.

"She could speak really carefully in a way that would encourage students to see the best in them and to grow," he said.

"She always made her students feel that they were loved by a God who cared about them personally, and that it was our job to show that love to each other as fellow people."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: 'No parent should have to receive that call'

Koonce later became the head of the Covenant School, which was founded in 2001 as a ministry of Covenant Presbyterian Church, according to the school's website.

Mr Hill was a custodian at the school and his daughter, Brittany Hill said he died doing a job "he absolutely loved".

"Today my Dad lost his life at the Covenant School," she shared in a post on Facebook.

"I have watched school shootings happen over the years and never thought I would lose a loved one over a person trying to solve a temporary problem with a permanent solution."

Mike Hill was killed doing a job that he loved, according to his family

Mr Hill worked at the Covenant School for more than 14 years, according to a statement from his family. "As we grieve and try to grasp any sense of understanding of why this happened, we continue to ask for support," the statement said.

He was a father of eight children, according to a GoFundMe made in his honour, and had 14 grandchildren, US media reported. He enjoyed cooking and spending time with family, his relatives told ABC News.

Tim Dunavant, a pastor at Hartsville First United Methodist Church, said he had previously worked at Covenant and had hired Mr Hill.

He said he would miss "those encouraging texts out of the blue" from Mr Hill, and would not be surprised if it turned out Mr Hill had sacrificed his life to save others because "he's the kind of guy that would do that".

Ms Peak was a substitute teacher working at the school on the day of the attack, police said.

She grew up in Louisiana. Chuck Owen, who said he was a lifelong friends of hers, wrote a tribute to her on Facebook saying he couldn't wrap his mind around her death. "I grieve through tears as I write these words," he wrote.

Ms Peak is survived by her husband, daughter and two sons.

She had an "unwavering faith in Christ", her brother, Bill Broyles, told the Tennessean. "She was a strong believer. She would want a positive approach on this to help God's kingdom on Earth."

Koonce, 60, was a Baton Rouge native and graduated from Louisiana State University and University High Lab School.

Governor Bill Lee said his wife, Maria, had planned to meet Ms Peak on Monday night but was killed hours before.

Hallie was the daughter of Chad Scruggs, senior pastor at Covenant Presbyterian Church. He described his daughter as "such a gift" in a statement to ABC News.

He also spoke of his faith that they would one day be reunited.

"We are heartbroken," he told the outlet. "Through tears we trust that she is in the arms of Jesus who will raise her to life once again."

At a church service held hours after the shooting, a senior minister at Woodmont Christian Church said Evelyn Dieckhaus was in the third grade. Her sister, who is two years older, cried during the service according to the Tennessean newspaper.

"I don't want to be an only child," the report quotes her as saying.

In a statement shared with US media, her family said their hearts were "completely broken".

"We cannot believe this has happened," they said. "Evelyn was a shining light in this world."

Rachael Freitas, a friend of the family, described the 3rd grader as a child with an "unflappable spirit".

"He was unfailingly kind, gentle when the situation called for it, quick to laugh, and always inclusive of others," she wrote in a GoFundMe fundraiser she created in his honour. "Sweet Will knew no strangers, and our hearts our broken for his family as they try to find their way forward."

You might think that finding out exactly which BBC “guidelines” and “guidance” on impartiality are relevant to the Gary Lineker controversy would be straightforward.

I can confirm that, after several of us spent the weekend poring through the details, that's not necessarily the case.

The BBC has its Editorial Guidelines. There is also additional guidance on “individual use of social media” and impartiality is mentioned in the Royal Charter. And some individuals have particular arrangements in their contracts too (which, needless to say, we can't read).

This paragraph, from the social media guidance brought in by Tim Davie in 2020, feels most relevant:

Quote Message: There are also others who are not journalists or involved in factual programming who nevertheless have an additional responsibility to the BBC because of their profile on the BBC. We expect these individuals to avoid taking sides on party political issues or political controversies and to take care when addressing public policy matters.” from BBC Editorial Guidelines There are also others who are not journalists or involved in factual programming who nevertheless have an additional responsibility to the BBC because of their profile on the BBC. We expect these individuals to avoid taking sides on party political issues or political controversies and to take care when addressing public policy matters.”

However, it is far from clear if Gary Lineker ever accepted that this applied to him. He told me on The Media Show in 2021 that Davie had “never called me up and said you can’t tweet about that.” He went on: “I don’t think he could do that anyway. I’m my own person."

Combine that with what Davie himself said under questioning from MPs in September 2022 about Lineker’s use of social media: “It’s a work in progress in terms of where he draws the line".

For all the new guidance of 2020, what Gary Lineker could or couldn't do on Twitter looked far from settled two years later. And so, it all came to a head last week.

Today, in his statement, Tim Davie recognised there were “grey areas” in the 2020 guidance that could cause confusion.

This is the same guidance that, on Friday, the BBC said Gary Lineker had breached.

Trawling through the BBC website this week, I found a definition of impartiality shortly followed by a caveat that “putting impartiality in practice is more difficult”.

That's always been true. What's remarkable is that the BBC's own decision-making and its own guidance appears to have contributed to making it even more difficult in the last few days.

A row of snow-covered houses in Aberbeeg, Wales on Wednesday

Forecasters have warned of heavy snow and travel disruption as a wave of Arctic air brings icy conditions to central and northern England.

An amber warning affecting an area between Stoke-on-Trent and Durham is set to come into force at 15:00 GMT on Thursday.

The warning indicates a likelihood of travel delays, power cuts, and that some rural communities will be cut off.

It comes after the UK recorded its coldest March temperature since 2010.

The area affected by the amber warning includes the Peak District, Leeds, the Yorkshire Dales, and the North Pennines.

The Met Office said around 10-20cm (4-8in) of snow is likely to fall across much of the area, with 30-40cm (12-16in) in some parts, and to be accompanied by "strong winds bringing blizzard conditions".

The amber warning is not set to be lifted until midday on Friday.

Less severe yellow weather warnings for snow and ice remain in place for much of the rest of the UK. These mean journey times are likely to be longer and icy patches on untreated roads and pavements are expected.

National Highways in England has issued a severe weather alert for snow in the North West, North East and Midlands between 09:00 GMT on Thursday and 08:00 GMT on Friday.

Road users are being warned to plan ahead for possible disruption and that challenging conditions could include poor visibility.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch latest UK weather forecast: Will I get snow in my area tomorrow and into the weekend?

Motoring organisation the RAC has urged drivers to take the weather warnings seriously and to work from home if possible.

Those with no choice should make sure tyres are properly inflated, and oil, coolant and screenwash are topped up, it said.

National Rail has also warned snowy and icy conditions could affect trains in south-eastern England over the next few days.

Other warnings in place are:

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by BBC Weather This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

BBC Weather's Jennifer Bartram says the cold spell is due to a change in wind direction "with northerly winds bringing cold air down from the Arctic".

She said although it was not unusual to have snow and cold weather at the start of March, "this feels like a bit of a shock to the system after what was a mild and relatively dry February for most".

Early morning swimmers braved the cold at King Edward's Bay, near Tynemouth on the north east coast of England on Wednesday morning

A picturesque snow-covered mountain reflects off the water at Lochcarron in the Highlands

People across the UK have been enjoying the snow

To prepare for the cold spell, two coal-fired power stations have begun generating power again.

The plants in West Burton in Lincolnshire were due to close last September, but the government requested they stay open for an extra six months because of fears of possible power shortages.

Some ski resorts in Scotland have opened runs after the heavy snowfall, with Snowsport Scotland saying it hoped the recent weather would be "the start to another boost for the mountains".

"Looking at the forecast, this could be our biggest week of the year," said Alison Grove from Snowsport Scotland.

A man runs on during freezing conditions in a park in Blackwood, Wales

A group of women swimmers brave the freezing conditions as they gather to celebrate International Women's Day at King Edward's Bay, near Tynemouth

A level-three cold alert has been issued by the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) for the whole of England and will remain in place until midnight on Thursday.

Dr Agostinho Sousa, the agency's head of extreme events and health protection, advised people to check on vulnerable relatives, adding that pensioners or anyone with an underlying health condition should heat their home to at least 18C (64F).

Veterinary charity PDSA advises giving dogs and cats extra blankets for their beds over the winter months. Raised beds can keep older dogs away from draughts, while cats may like high-up dens.

Motorists drove through heavy snowfall on the M5 near Taunton, Somerset

A Scottish terrier plays in the snow on the Dunstable Downs in Bedforshire

A wild horse leaves footprints in the snow in Colpy, Aberdeenshire

Ian Coates, Barnaby Webber and Grace O'Malley-Kumar died at the scene of the attacks

A man has been charged with the murders of Barnaby Webber, Grace O'Malley-Kumar and Ian Coates in Nottingham.

Nineteen-year-old students Mr Webber and Ms O'Malley-Kumar and school caretaker Mr Coates, 65, were stabbed in the early hours of Tuesday.

Valdo Calocane has also been charged with attempted murder after three people were injured, one critically, when they were hit by a van.

The 31-year-old will appear before magistrates in the city on Saturday.

University of Nottingham students Mr Webber and Ms O'Malley-Kumar were fatally stabbed in Ilkeston Road, just after 04:00 BST on Tuesday, while Mr Coates was found dead with knife injuries in Magdala Road after his van was allegedly stolen.

Mr Calocane, of no fixed address, is accused of using the van to drive at pedestrians.

One man was struck in Milton Street and left in a critical condition, but a Nottingham University Hospitals (NUH) NHS Trust spokesman said he was now stable.

A number of roads in Nottingham city centre were cordoned off on Tuesday

Police said an attempt was also made to run over two other pedestrians in the Sherwood Street area. They are believed to have suffered minor injuries.

The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) said it had received a referral from police and was investigating.

A spokesman for the police watchdog said: "We have viewed dashcam footage from the police car and can confirm the officer, in a single-crewed vehicle en route to a linked incident, had sight of the van for less than a minute before the collision in the South Sherwood Street area. The officer immediately stopped to provide first aid.

"We will be contacting the two people injured in the collision to wish them a speedy recovery and advise them that we have decided to investigate this specific police interaction.

"Our investigation will consider whether the actions of the van driver were influenced by the police car's presence shortly before he collided with the two pedestrians."

Thousands gathered in Nottingham city centre to remember Mr Coates, Mr Webber and Ms O'Malley-Kumar on Thursday

Nottinghamshire Police Chief Constable Kate Meynell said: "These charges are a significant development and arise as a result of our thorough investigation into these horrific incidents that occurred in our city.

"We are keenly aware of the deep emotion being felt surrounding these tragic events and the high level of interest, not only in Nottingham and Nottinghamshire but also across the whole country.

"However, posting prejudicial information online about an active case could amount to contempt of court and, in the most serious cases, have the potential to cause the collapse of a trial."

Police previously revealed Mr Calocane was a former University of Nottingham student, but said "this is not believed to be connected with the attack".

The dual Guinea-Bissau/Portuguese national had settled status in the UK through his Portuguese citizenship.

The BBC understands he grew up in Haverfordwest, Pembrokeshire.

Ms O'Malley-Kumar's father (right) and Mr Webber's parents embraced at another vigil held at the University of Nottingham on Wednesday

Mr Webber, from Taunton, Somerset, was a first-year history student and keen cricketer, described as "fun, friendly, and full of life in his seminars".

Ms O'Malley-Kumar, from north-east London, was in her first year of studying medicine, while playing top-flight hockey at university. Her family said she was "an adored daughter and sister".

Mr Coates worked at the Huntingdon Academy in Nottingham and was four months from retirement.

His sons, Lee and James, said he was a keen fisherman and "die-hard" Nottingham Forest fan.

Relatives of Mr Webber, including his father David (second left), laid flowers at the spot where he was stabbed in Ilkeston Road

Their deaths have prompted an outpouring of grief in the city and beyond.

Thousands of people gathered at emotional vigils - at the university on Wednesday and then in the Old Market Square in the city centre on Thursday - where relatives addressed the crowds and paid tribute to their loved ones.

On Friday, Mr Webber's family visited the scene of where he was stabbed.

They said they laid flowers at the spot in Ilkeston Road because "we owe it to both Barnaby and Grace to let them know we are here".

"As has been expressed by so many already, heartbreak cannot begin to describe our loss," his family said.

"As painful as this tribute today has been, it is yet another step forward on the very long, dark journey we have been forced to take."

Mr Webber's family placed a picture of him at the scene of the stabbing and circled it with flowers

The England and Australia men's cricket teams also paid tribute to those who died at the start of the Ashes test series at Edgbaston on Friday.

Players wore black armbands as a mark of respect and to "show solidarity", with a minute's silence observed before the national anthems.

England and Australia players paid their respects at Edgbaston

Both Ms O'Malley-Kumar and Mr Webber were keen and talented cricketers.

A trumpeter from England's Barmy Army supporters group played Amazing Grace during the match in memory of the pair.

The tribute took place during the 56th over, chosen because 56 was Mr Webber's player number.

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Israel's far-right Police Minister Itamar Ben-Gvir has been jeered by marchers at Jerusalem Gay Pride.

Thousands turned out for the event despite security fears over online threats and counter-protests.

The march was the first since the election of a hardline religious-nationalist government, including openly homophobic senior ministers.

Tensions are always high after an ultra-Orthodox Jewish extremist murdered a teenage participant in 2015.

Marchers waved huge rainbow and Israeli flags and banners that accused far-right ministers of trying to push them "back in the closet".

Mr Ben-Gvir, who as National Security minister was responsible for securing the march, has a long track-record of aggressively homophobic positions and once attended a so-called "beast parade" rejecting LGBTQ rights.

The climate surrounding the event has thrown a fresh spotlight on the deepening fault lines in Israeli society, where secular Jews have long championed the country's open culture of LGBTQ rights, but where political and demographic shifts are giving unprecedented power to the nationalist and ultra-Orthodox right-wing. The schism is sharply felt in Jerusalem, known for its conservative and religious populations.

Police arrested three people over threats made in the run-up to the event, while an online watchdog reported a spike in homophobic hate speech.

Far-right Telegram and WhatsApp groups published "violent and hateful messages" throughout the week, according to FakeReporter, which monitors online extremism. It said that Lehava, a far-right group, referred to march as the "abomination parade" and called for protests accompanied by a message stating that it would be a "deadly Thursday".

The event was sealed by protective barricades while the route was patrolled by hundreds of armed police. Organisers reported a record attendance of 30,000 people after warning of a "public climate of danger" for LGBTQ people.

As the rally began, Mr Ben-Gvir - swamped by his armed security team - briefly toured a street running parallel, causing marchers to rush to barricades and shout "shame" at him.

Mr Ben-Gvir (C) has distanced himself from the anti-LGBTQ beast parades

Asked by the BBC if he was deliberately creating a provocation, Mr Ben-Gvir said: "Perhaps our mere existence is a provocation. For you, that Jews live is a provocation."

Meanwhile, a few dozen ultra-religious and far-right protesters, organised by Lehava, were separated by police from the Gay Pride rally. Banners read: "Don't let them have children" and "Jerusalem is not Sodom", in reference to the biblical city supposedly destroyed by God for the sin of homosexuality.

It comes in a year which has seen an unprecedented clash between secular Israelis and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's government, culminating in weekly protests against the coalition's now-delayed plans to strip powers from the Supreme Court.

Mr Netanyahu has rejected claims his coalition would erode LGBTQ rights. He tweeted during the event: "I am proud that Israel is one of the most open countries in the world in relation to the gay community and that the discourse in it has become more accepting and respectful every year."

Gay Pride marcher Elisa Gilman stood with a sign offering "free hugs" to younger participants who "haven't had a hug from a parent for a while" due to their sexuality.

She told the BBC a lot of gay people were "worried" by the current coalition.

"Many have said 'I will be here this year because of that - I cannot allow who is in government to affect the fact that this is who I am and this is my life'," said Ms Gilman who described herself as an "ally" to the LGBTQ community.

Another marcher, Yuval from Jerusalem, who declined to give his surname, told the BBC: "We're here today to say that we are here to stay and that we will not give up."

"Our government is the most homophobic and transphobic it has ever been. The minister of police who is here supposedly protecting us - until last year he came here to protest against us," he said.

In 2006, Mr Ben-Gvir attended a so-called beast parade against Gay Pride, in which religious activists led goats and donkeys through the streets and hoisted banners calling LGBTQ people "impure". Two years later, he was photographed kicking a trans woman at Gay Pride in Tel Aviv. He later claimed it was in self-defence.

Mr Ben-Gvir has since distanced himself from the beast parade and reportedly described LGBTQ people as his "brothers and sisters".

In the run-up to this week's event he toured police headquarters saying the marchers must be kept safe, but that those opposing it must also be allowed to protest.

Earlier, the Islamist militant group Hamas had also denounced the parade as "provocative" and called on Palestinians to confront it.

Tottenham: Ange Postecoglou leaves Celtic to become new Spurs manager Last updated on .From the section Tottenham

Postecoglou struggled in his early weeks at Celtic but guided the club to two league titles Tottenham Hotspur have appointed Ange Postecoglou as their new manager on a four-year contract. The 57-year-old leaves Celtic after winning successive Scottish Premiership titles in his two seasons in charge. He is Spurs' fourth permanent manager since Mauricio Pochettino led them to the Champions League final in 2018-19, following Jose Mourinho, Nuno Espirito Santo and Antonio Conte. "We are excited to have Ange join us," said Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy. "Ange brings a positive mentality and a fast, attacking style of play. He has a strong track record of developing players and an understanding of the importance of the link from the academy - everything that is important to our club," he added. Spurs have been searching for a new manager since Conte's departure in March, with Cristian Stellini and then Ryan Mason taking charge on an interim basis. Postecoglou - the first Australian to manage in the Premier League - arrives at Tottenham after winning a domestic treble in Scotland, where he has claimed five of the six trophies available to Celtic during his two campaigns with the club. He is one of only five managers - along with Jock Stein, Martin O'Neill, Brendan Rodgers and Neil Lennon - to secure a domestic clean sweep with Celtic. "It has been a pleasure working with Ange, a great football manager and a good man. He has served the club with such energy and determination and delivered a phenomenal level of success," Celtic chief executive Michael Nicholson said. "Of course, we wanted Ange to stay at Celtic and while there is real disappointment we are losing him, he has decided he wants to look at a new challenge, which we respect."
• None All the best reaction to Postecoglou's appointment in one place
• None The boy from Greece who has become Tottenham's main man
• None He was four guys in one - how do Celtic replace Postecoglou? Spurs have spent 10 weeks searching for Conte's successor, with Julian Nagelsmann, Luis Enrique, Arne Slot, Graham Potter, Julen Lopetegui, Rodgers and Pochettino all linked with the role at some point. Since losing 2-0 against Liverpool in the 2019 Champions League final, they have claimed just one top-four finish in the subsequent four seasons. Postecoglou is no stranger to arriving at a club facing a significant task though, having taken over Celtic in the summer of 2021 after they had finished the season 25 points behind champions Rangers. When he arrived at Celtic, chief executive Peter Lawwell had been replaced by Dominic McKay, Nick Hammond stepped down as head of football operations and long-serving captain Scott Brown left to join Aberdeen. There are several similarities as he walks through the door at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, with chairman Levy searching for a new sporting director following the exit of Fabio Paratici, who resigned after losing his appeal against a 30-month ban from football. Addressing the uncertainty surrounding the future of striker Harry Kane - with Real Madrid showing interest in the England captain - will be high on the agenda this summer as the new manager looks to shape a squad capable of taking Tottenham back into the Champions League. Postecoglou won five trophies across two seasons with Celtic Postecoglou's playing career was spent in Australia, primarily with South Melbourne, where he played under Ferenc Puskas, the legendary Hungarian to whom he attributes his coaching philosophy. He stepped into management in 1996 with South Melbourne before winning back-to-back A-League titles with Brisbane Roar between 2009 and 2012. After a season with Melbourne Victory he became manager of Australia in 2013 and guided his country to the 2014 World Cup as well as victory in the 2015 Asian Cup. Further silverware followed during his time in Japan with Yokohama F Marinos, where he ended the club's 15-year wait for a J-League title in 2019. Few in Scotland knew much about Postecoglou when Celtic appointed their new manager two years ago, but after initially struggling he delivered five trophies across two seasons.
• None Our coverage of Tottenham Hotspur is bigger and better than ever before - here's everything you need to know to make sure you never miss a moment
• None Everything Spurs - go straight to all the best content

Last updated on .From the section Football

Ballon d'Or winner Karim Benzema has agreed terms on a three-year deal with Saudi Arabian champions Al-Ittihad after leaving Real Madrid.

French striker Benzema, 35, won 25 trophies - including five Champions Leagues and four La Ligas - in 14 years with Madrid but they agreed to let him leave his contract a year early.

He scored 354 goals for Real, second only to Cristiano Ronaldo.

Ronaldo, who hit 450 Real goals, plays for another Saudi club, Al-Nassr.

"It's a good league and there are many good players," said Benzema. "Cristiano Ronaldo is already there, a friend which shows Saudi Arabia is starting to further progress its level. I am here to win, like I did in Europe.

"I have been fortunate to achieve amazing things in my career and achieve everything I can in Spain and Europe. It now feels the time is right for a new challenge and project."

Al-Ittihad are managed by former Wolves and Tottenham boss Nuno Espirito Santo.

Benzema played 648 times for Real after his 2009 move from Lyon and scored with his last touch for the club, netting a penalty in Sunday's 1-1 draw with Athletic Bilbao before being replaced.

On Monday it was announced Al-Ittihad were one of four leading Saudi Arabian clubs to be taken over by the country's Public Investment Fund, which also owns Newcastle United.

Ronaldo's Al-Nassr are another, and so are Al-Hilal, who have been strongly linked to Paris St-Germain's Lionel Messi this summer.
• None Our coverage of your Premier League club is bigger and better than ever before - follow your team and sign up for notifications in the BBC Sport app to make sure you never miss a moment

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The US Secret Service is investigating how cocaine was found at the White House on Sunday night, with visitor logs and footage combed for clues.

The discovery in the West Wing, which contains the Oval Office and other working areas for presidential aides and staff, led to a brief evacuation.

Secret Service agents found the powder during a routine inspection in an area that is accessible to tour groups.

President Joe Biden and his family were at Camp David in Maryland at the time.

A senior law enforcement official told the BBC's US partner CBS News the substance was found in a storage facility routinely used by White House staff and guests to store mobile phones.

The White House complex was closed as a precaution at around 20:45 local time (00:45 GMT) on Sunday after it was discovered.

A preliminary test later confirmed the substance was cocaine.

The Secret Service will lead a full review of how it got into the White House, press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said on Wednesday.

White House staff are permitted to give tours of some parts of the West Wing to friends and family. Visitors who are not accredited staff must store mobile phones and other personal belongings in cubicles.

"It was in one of the cubbies," a source familiar with the investigation told Reuters.

The drug was found in the heart of one of the world's most carefully guarded buildings

Speaking at a daily press briefing on Wednesday, Ms Jean-Pierre said that the area where the cocaine was discovered is a "heavily travelled" part of the White House.

"We have confidence that the Secret Service are going to get to the bottom of this," she said.

President Biden was briefed on the matter, Ms Jean-Pierre added. Mr Biden did not answer reporters' questions about the incident on Wednesday.

Arkansas Senator Tom Cotton, a top Republican on the Senate Judiciary Committee, wrote to the Secret Service's director with a list of questions about how such a drug could end up in one of the world's most carefully guarded buildings.

He asked about the White House's security and visitor screening process, and how many times drugs have previously been discovered at the presidential mansion.

Cocaine is a Schedule II drug under the Controlled Substances Act, meaning it has a high potential for abuse, according to the US Drug Enforcement Administration.

The West Wing is a large, multi-level part of the White House that contains the offices of the president of the United States, including the Oval Office and the Situation Room.

It also houses the offices of the vice-president, the White House chief of staff, the press secretary, and hundreds of other staff who have access.

The plant in Sindelfingen employs about 35,000 people

Two people have been killed in a shooting at a Mercedes-Benz factory in south-western Germany, police said.

A 53-year-old man entered the production hall at the plant in Sindelfingen and opened fire, shooting two 44-year-old men.

One of the victims died at the scene, the other died later in hospital. No one else was hurt.

Security staff detained the suspect and handed him to officers who arrested him without resistance, police said.

The incident happened at about 07:45 local time (05:45 GMT), police in the city of Ludwigsburg said.

"We are deeply shocked and saddened by the tragic news from Sindelfingen this morning. Our thoughts are with the victims, their families and all colleagues on site," Mercedes-Benz said in a statement.

Mercedes-Benz produces its S-Class luxury model at the Sindelfingen plant, which employs about 35,000 people.

The firm said the people involved in the shooting had been employed by an external service provider.

The Stuttgart prosecutor's office said there was a single perpetrator and no one outside the factory was involved.

There was no danger to the public, police said.

Germany has some of the strictest gun laws in Europe and authorities say they are planning to tighten them further.

In March a shooting at a Jehovah's Witnesses meeting hall in Hamburg claimed seven lives, including that of an unborn child.

Authorities were also alarmed by a suspected plot to overthrow the government, which led to mass arrests in December.

Current laws require anyone aged under 25 to pass a psychological evaluation before getting a gun licence.

In 2021, there were around one million private gun owners in Germany, according to the National Firearms Registry. They account for 5.7 million legal firearms and firearm parts, most of them owned by hunters.

With nurses staging their most extensive strike and other unions walking out, the NHS faced one its most bitter disputes

It was one of the most bitter disputes in the history of the NHS, with the Royal College of Nursing staging its most extensive strike action ever. But as a deal with ministers was reached in England this week, the BBC can now reveal details of the secret and unprecedented talks.

On cold, frosty mornings on nurses' picket lines the rhetoric was fiery and noisy. Striking nurses condemned the government for failing to open pay talks. Ministers criticised walkouts affecting patients.

But behind the scenes it was a very different story. Secret contacts were being made between the two sides.

From early January there were confidential approaches from an unofficial source to the Royal College of Nurses (RCN), the nurses' union, about the possibility of talks beginning in England. This involved putting out feelers to see what might bring the nurses' union to the table.

Strikes by nurses and other health unions - representing paramedics, midwives and other NHS staff - had been triggered when ministers insisted on sticking to the recommendations of the independent pay review body (PRB). It had proposed average increases of 4%.

The RCN's original demand for a wage rise of 5% above inflation - equivalent at one point to 19% - was unaffordable, ministers said.

The government is ultimately responsible for setting NHS pay in England, funded by the Department of Health and Social Care. NHS Employers are involved in detailed negotiations.

But now these secret contacts had been made, it was not obvious to the RCN how closely they were linked to Downing Street or other parts of Whitehall.

The approaches seemed highly unorthodox. Usually it would be obvious whether ministers or officials were making a proposal.

But all became clear on 21 February with a call from Downing Street to the Royal College of Nursing. There was an invitation to talks which would include the idea of a one-off payment for the current financial year, a key demand of the nurses. The public announcement came as a big surprise even to some civil servants.

The prime minister was signalling a change of tack. Previously there had been denials that any more money was available. In return for the invitation to talk the RCN had to agree to call off an escalated two-day strike in England affecting all care, including emergencies.

The Royal College of Nursing's Pat Cullen had a high profile in the media and seemingly high public support

And so began the chain of events which led to last Thursday's pay offer to nurses, paramedics, midwives and other health staff in England.

There were shades of international diplomacy and intrigue in the negotiations. Back-channels and deniable contacts had steered a damaging dispute into calmer waters.

The stakes could not have been higher, as on the face of it the NHS strikes and widespread disruption had seemed destined to rumble on for months. But so far, these tentative talks were only with the RCN. The other health unions, representing paramedics and a range of health staff, were irritated. They were not invited to the table.

It seemed that the government was deliberately focusing on the nurses' union because of what seemed to be rising public support. RCN's general secretary Pat Cullen had a high profile in the media.

The RCN discussions with ministers remained shrouded in secrecy. Early encounters took place at an undisclosed location to avoid the media.

But that changed on 2 March when the other unions were invited to join the talks. Assurances were given that more money was available but the unions had to agree to keep the process confidential.

The result was an intensive series of meetings at the Department of Health and Social Care in Victoria Street, close to Westminster Abbey.

They took place on the ninth floor in offices which have traditionally been occupied by ministers. Health Secretary Steve Barclay had chosen to move down one floor to an open plan office with civil servants.

Union officials were intrigued to note they were meeting in an office once occupied by Matt Hancock. It was the scene of his kiss with his then-aide Gina Coladangelo, caught on CCTV and the images leaked to a newspaper. They joked about the possible presence of cameras.

The six members of the NHS staff council, representing the main health unions, along with one other official, were used to talks with employers. Sara Gorton of Unison, who chairs the council, says of the unprecedented situation they were in: "The process was unique in that the secretary of state was personally involved and negotiated directly with unions."

What was also highly unusual was the presence of Treasury officials as well as negotiators from NHS Employers and health staff. It seemed they wanted to keep a close watch on money being offered.

Unison's Sara Gorton said it was a unique situation for the health secretary to negotiate directly with unions

One union source said it became clear we were "negotiating with people who weren't used to it". Another added that they had "never worked in this way before".

There was a determination on the part of ministers to avoid leaks. Data sheets given to the negotiators had to be handed back at the end of each day. When the union team took the paperwork for their own private discussions they had to hand over their phones to prevent photos being taken. No paper was allowed to leave the building.

Perhaps in a bid to demonstrate Whitehall austerity there was no regular supply of refreshments. One participant remembers "coffee and an occasional biscuit". Another said they decided to bring in their own glasses for water.

For lunch they were taken down to the department's canteen, escorted at all times around the building. Occasionally they nipped out for fresh air and a quick visit to a local sushi bar.

The days were long with formal talks in full sessions interspersed with negotiating teams retreating to smaller offices. Sometimes they ran on beyond midnight. They knew the outcome of their work would be vitally important for the whole NHS in England.

Steve Barclay was present for much of the process, as was health minister Will Quince - though he had to take his leave one day because the King was visiting his constituency.

According to one union source: "Steve Barclay was constructive and there was not the heated atmosphere seen before Christmas."

One government source describes the secretary of state's style: "What gets him going is seeing a problem through - like a maths problem - he doesn't make a big noise and gets his head down."

Health Secretary Steve Barclay was "constructive" in talks, a union source said

There were tensions at times, but no serious fallings out. Late on Wednesday evening a deal was done. Exhausted participants retired, relieved but knowing it had to be sold to members.

Rachel Harrison of the GMB reflects on the outcome: "They were very long days locked on the ninth floor but it was what we asked for - we wanted to be invited in and they did."

Unions had insisted before entering the talks that it had to be "new money" which funded any pay offer. Ministers, after the deal, said the funding would not come from NHS frontline budgets.

But there is still ambiguity about the source of the money, with government sources saying some would come from existing planned Department of Health and Social Care spending and the rest after negotiation with the Treasury.

The pay dispute started with ministers insisting that they would follow recommendations of the pay review body and not negotiate directly with unions. But it was face-to-face talks which broke the deadlock.

The deal - a one off payment and a 5% pay rise for the year starting in April - included an agreement to review the composition and remit of the PRB.

Yet this is not the end of the process. The dispute will only end once health union members give their approval - and that is far from certain.

There is a separate and ongoing doctors' pay row. There are different pay discussions in Scotland and Wales.

But strikes which have caused frustrating delays for patients and damaged staff morale have for now come to an end in England. As one union source reflects: "What a shame it took so long."

Six months after the Hamas attacks on Israel, war, disease, starvation and death ravage Palestinians in Gaza. Israel is deeply divided, as its prime minister struggles to keep his promise of total victory. The United States, Israel's most essential ally, has turned against the way it is fighting the war.

With Iran vowing vengeance for Israel's assassination of a leading Iranian general in Syria, and months of cross-border conflict with Iran's ally Hezbollah in Lebanon, the risks of an all-out Middle East war are increasing.

The statistics record the horrors of the past six months. More than 33,000 Gazans, a majority of whom were civilians, have been killed, according to the health ministry. According to Save the Children, 13,800 Palestinian children in Gaza have been killed and over 12,009 wounded. Unicef reports at least 1,000 children have had one or both legs amputated.

More than 1,200 Israelis, mostly civilians, were killed by Hamas on 7 October, and 253 people were taken into Gaza as hostages. Israel says that of 130 hostages still there, at least 34 are dead. A UN team reported in March that it had "clear and convincing information" that hostages had been subjected to sexual violence "including rape, sexualised torture, cruel, inhuman and degrading treatment". It said there were "reasonable grounds" to believe that the violence against hostages was continuing.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Kibbutz Nir Oz is right on Israel's border with Gaza. It feels like a time capsule still stuck in the horrors of 7 October 2023. Just after first light on that morning, Hamas broke through the wire. By the time the Israeli army arrived in the early afternoon, a quarter of the 400 or so Israelis who lived there had either been killed by Hamas or taken hostage.

Ron Bahat showed me around. He is a man in his 50s who grew up at Nir Oz. Ron survived with his family through good luck and arms strong enough to hold shut the door of the safe room when Hamas entered his house.

We walked along the neat lines of small houses, with gardens that are now overgrown. Many had bullet holes or were burnt out and had not been disturbed since the bodies of the dead were recovered. Ron pointed out the homes of friends and neighbours who were killed or taken as captives to Gaza. In one badly damaged house, a pile of neatly ironed children's clothes had somehow survived the fire. The family who lived there did not.

Children’s jackets and a schoolbag still hang on the wall of one burned-out home

One grim irony is that Nir Oz is part of a left-wing movement whose members traditionally support the idea of peace with the Palestinians. Six months after Hamas crossed into Nir Oz, Ron is not ready to make any concessions to Gaza.

"Look, I wish that there will be a leader to bring some prosperity there, because in the end we must have peace. But anyone who supports Hamas is an enemy. The moment they leave their weapons, the war will stop. The moment that Israel leaves its weapons, we will not exist. That's the difference."

In Nir Oz, broken glass still crunches underfoot and gutted houses smell of burnt wood and plastic. No-one is there to clean it up. A few of the surviving residents have come back on short visits, but most are staying away, living in hotels in central Israel.

Yamit Avital in Nir Oz kibbutz, near the border fence with Gaza

Yamit Avital was back for a few hours, showing around a friend. On that morning in October, she had been staying in Tel Aviv. Her husband was at home and escaped with the children. His brother, living not far away, was killed. Yamit's hands shook slightly when she was talking about coming back to live in Nir Oz again.

"I don't know, it's too early… Maybe only when the hostages come back we can start to think about it. We can't think about it now. I have too many friends there, in Gaza."

No-one has been able to show me around the ruins of Khan Younis or Gaza City, or the tents of around 1.4 million displaced civilians in Rafah, in the way Ron Bahat showed me Nir Oz. That's because international journalists can't report from Gaza, as Israel and Egypt, in control of the borders, have not allowed them in. The only exception has been invitation-only, highly supervised trips organised by the Israel Defense Forces (IDF). I have been on one, to northern Gaza in early November. Only a month or so into the war, Israeli firepower had already reduced the area to a wasteland.

Evidence is accumulating that both Hamas and Israel may have committed war crimes. The International Court of Justice (ICJ) in The Hague is investigating Israel for "plausible" allegations of genocide against the Palestinians in a case brought by South Africa. The ICJ cannot try a case against Hamas, which is classified as a terrorist organisation by the US and UK, and many others, as it is not a state.

Israel rejects the charge that it is guilty of genocide. For many of its citizens and supporters it is grotesque and offensive to allege that the state created after Nazi Germany murdered six million Jews in the Holocaust is itself committing genocide. One of Israel's lawyers, Tal Becker, told the justices in court in The Hague that "the appalling suffering of civilians, both Israeli and Palestinian, is first and foremost the result of Hamas' strategy".

Palestinians see the charges through a different lens, shaped by years of military occupation by Israel. Many Palestinians believe Israel has already created an apartheid state that denies them the most basic rights. In Jerusalem at Easter, a prominent Palestinian Christian political activist, Dimitri Diliani, told me that "killing children is killing children. It doesn't matter who is the child that's being killed. It doesn't matter who is doing the killing".

"I recognise the Holocaust, but that does not mean a green light for Israel to commit genocide against my people or any other people."

The ICJ's deliberations will take years and Israel's accusers will have to prove intent to win their case. War and the deaths of civilians do not add up to genocide on their own. South Africa's legal team argues that statements like the one made by Israel's defence minister Yoav Gallant on 9 October show genocidal intent. "I have ordered a complete siege on the Gaza Strip. There will be no electricity, no food, no fuel, everything is closed," he said after visiting the IDF Southern Command in Beersheba. "We are fighting human animals and we are acting accordingly."

Israel was forced by international pressure, especially from Washington, to loosen aspects of the blockade that the minister envisaged. The amounts reaching Gaza were still grossly inadequate. Six months later, Gaza is facing imminent famine, according to the Integrated Food Security Phase Classification (IPC) a body backed by governments, the UN and aid groups to provide rigorous and apolitical information and analysis in a food emergency. Oxfam reports that 300,000 people trapped in the north have lived since January on an average of 245 calories a day - the equivalent of a tin of beans.

Gaza's humanitarian catastrophe has also been recorded in detail by Palestinian journalists, civilians posting on social media, and the international organisations running the aid operation, whose staff are allowed to enter the territory. Seven from the World Central Kitchen (WCK), which had been providing millions of meals, were killed by the Israeli army on 1 April.

Their deaths outraged President Biden and other Western leaders who are staunch allies of Israel. Their condemnation of the killings left Israel even more isolated. Israel expects no sympathy from much of the world. But it has come to expect support and understanding from powerful Western allies. Instead, they have rejected Israel's claim it does not impede the movement of relief supplies.

President Biden extracted unusually rapid concessions from Israel, which promised greater humanitarian access to Gaza in a statement rushed out in the middle of the night here in Jerusalem. Perhaps he threatened to attach conditions to the use of American weapons in Gaza.

The killing of the WCK team seems to have been a tipping point for President Biden, whose backing for Israel has been a constant throughout his long career in politics. Supporting Israel is still his firm principle, but the US is no longer prepared to turn that into a safety net for Benjamin Netanyahu and his extremist coalition partners.

Netanyahu has an interest to lengthen the war as much as he can, because as long as the war is still going on, he can say that now is not the time for elections.

Palestinians ask, with some anger and frustration, why it took the deaths of seven aid workers, including six Westerners, to make a difference, after so many thousands of Gazans had been killed. Aid agencies operating in Gaza say the attack on the aid workers was not an isolated incident, but the result of an engrained disregard for the lives of Palestinian civilians.

President Biden's outrage might have been a long time coming but it could create a turning point in the war. Over the next month or so, one way of assessing change is simply to count whether Israel is killing fewer Palestinian civilians, or whether increased food and medical aid can save Gaza from famine. Another test will be whether Mr Netanyahu defies American opposition and goes ahead with a ground assault on Rafah, where Israel says the remaining organised units of Hamas must be destroyed. The US says that must not happen until Israel can find a way to protect the lives of almost 1.5 million Palestinians who have taken refuge there.

Benjamin Netanyahu has delivered the "mighty vengeance" he promised Israelis on 7 October. His other promises, of total victory, the destruction of Hamas, and the return of the hostages have not been achieved. Inside Israel, he faces severe political pressure. His approval ratings in opinion polls have plummeted.

In the past week in Jerusalem thousands of protestors waving Israeli flags blocked streets around the parliament demanding the resignation of the prime minister and new elections.

"Netanyahu has an interest to lengthen the war as much as he can, because as long as the war is still going on, he can say that now is not the time for new elections," said Nava Rosalio, one of the leaders of the anti-Netanyahu movement. Her group is called Busha in Hebrew, which translates as Shame.

"He says now is not the time to look for who is responsible, which is he. So he prefers to keep the hostages in Gaza, and he prefers to lengthen the war."

When Hamas attacked, Israel was deeply divided over his government's right-wing policies and culture wars between secular and religious Israelis. In the shock that followed reservists who had suspended their military service as part of the protests rushed back into uniform. Demonstrations were paused in the interests of national unity.

Six months on, it is no longer considered unpatriotic to protest against the failure to end the war and free the hostages. Israel's divisions are wide open once more.

Protesters in Jerusalem call for Prime Minister Netanyahu to resign

Mr Netanyahu faces searing accusations that his priority is his own political survival. To stay in power, he must preserve his coalition, which is built around the support of ultranationalist Jewish parties. They do not only oppose the mass release of Palestinian security prisoners to buy the freedom of Israeli hostages, without which a ceasefire will not happen. Mr Netanyahu's two main ultranationalist allies, Finance Minister Bezalel Smotrich and National Security Minister Itamar Ben-Gvir, go further. They both want Palestinians to leave Gaza so Jews can settle there instead.

The prime minister, renowned for his skills in the dark arts of politics, is performing a balancing act to keep them happy while denying that Mr Smotrich and Mr Ben-Gvir's views reflect government policy.

Before October, Israel's divisions must have made it look vulnerable to Hamas. Six months on, the same schisms within Israel about the present and the future are making it harder to win the war.

Capturing or killing Yahya Sinwar, the Hamas leader in Gaza and mastermind of the 7 October attacks, would give Israel a chance to declare victory. But he is still alive, sending his responses to proposals in successive rounds of ceasefire talks from wherever he is hiding. He is thought to be somewhere in the Hamas tunnel network, protected by bodyguards and a human shield of Israeli hostages.

Yahya Sinwar must be disappointed that Palestinians on the West Bank, including East Jerusalem have not risen up in support of Gaza. Some must be taking the long view, waiting to see how events unfold in Gaza and the wider Middle East. Others are struggling to feed their families now that thousands of Palestinians are no longer allowed to work in Israel. Some are scared.

Israel has launched many deadly raids against armed groups in the West Bank, killing innocent bystanders in the process and arresting thousands who are being held without trial. Some Palestinian farmers have been driven off their land after violent and sometimes deadly intimidation by extremist Jewish settlers.

The Palestinians have been in the struggle for 75 years. What happened on Oct 7th is just one thing that happened in many long years of oppression.

Opinion polls show strong support among Palestinians for the attacks on 7 October, though many deny the evidence that Hamas committed atrocities. At a noisy demonstration against the Israelis in Ramallah in the West Bank, I asked Joharah Baker, a Palestinian activist, whether the Hamas attacks had moved the Palestinians any closer to independence from Israeli rule. She said that was not the point.

"What happened on 7 October is just one thing that happened in many long years of oppression… Our struggle will continue until we are free. That is what any people under occupation, under oppression, under colonial settlers will do."

According to the leading Palestinian pollster, Khalil Shikaki, even those who dislike Hamas approve of the way its attacks have put the Palestinian desire for independence back on the political map of the Middle East. The war has accelerated a new way for that to happen. His latest polls indicate that younger Palestinians do not think the two-state solution of an independent Palestine alongside Israel will ever emerge.

Instead, he says, a plurality of under-30s want a single state between the Mediterranean Sea and the river Jordan, in which they believe they could fight and win democratic rights. They compare their fight with the struggle against apartheid in South Africa, and believe they have a Palestinian Nelson Mandela waiting in an Israeli jail. He is Marwan Barghouti, imprisoned since 2002 and serving five life sentences for murder. If he ran for president, the indications are that he would win easily. Even though he is a leader of the rival Palestinian faction, Fatah, Hamas put Marwan Barghouti's name on the list of prisoners they want released in exchange for hostages.

Protesters in Ramallah in the West Bank chant support for the Palestinians of Gaza

It is impossible to see Jewish Israelis ever giving up the Jewish nature of their state. The fact that Palestinians see that as a possibility is another sign of the distance between them.

Six months into the war, there is no immediate sign that it is ending. Benjamin Netanyahu has avoided any specifics about how Gaza would be governed when this war ends, except for insisting that Israel must be in control - in other words, an occupation.

He has rejected America's proposal to replace Israeli troops with a force from the Palestinian Authority, which administers parts of the West Bank. The Americans want a PA, revitalised, eventually to govern Gaza. That would most likely require new leadership. Current Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas is elderly and hugely unpopular. Palestinians say he has failed to fight corruption, failed to show sympathy for Gaza, and failed to order the Palestinian police to protect them from aggressive Jewish settlers while he continues security cooperation with Israel.

Benjamin Netanyahu has also rejected Joe Biden's idea of a grand bargain that would transform the Middle East. In return for allowing Palestinian independence, Israel would be recognised by Saudi Arabia, and the Saudis would get a NATO-style defence agreement with the US. Instead, the prime minister tells Israelis that he is the only man who can save them from the mortal hazard of a Palestinian state imposed by America. That is music for the ultranationalists in his government, who are much keener to keep the West Bank and all of Jerusalem than make a deal with Saudi Arabia.

Palestinians gather to receive free food in Gaza last month

Away from the conference rooms where leaders discuss the future, the war has created another enormous obstacle to peace. Palestinians and Israelis have not been as suspicious of each other since the turbulent decades of assassination, hijackings and war in the 1950s and 60s.

The pollster Khalil Shikaki identifies an accelerated mutual process of dehumanisation since 7 October.

"The Palestinians are not seen as partners for peace. They are not seen as people who deserve equality because of what they have done on 7 October. So, they [Israelis] question their humanity. We see similar developments, unfortunately, also among Palestinians, who see what is happening in Gaza.

"And they say those who are targeting women and children, deliberately killing entire families, demolishing entire neighbourhoods cannot be humans as well. So, they see them as monsters.

"This dehumanisation is absolutely disastrous for the future."

Chloe Mitchell was last seen between ten and eleven days ago

A 26-year-old man has appeared in court charged with the murder of 21-year-old Chloe Mitchell in County Antrim.

Brandon John Rainey of James Street, Ballymena, was charged with murdering Ms Mitchell between 2 and 5 June.

Ms Mitchell was last seen in the County Antrim town on the night of 2 June and into the early hours of 3 June.

A huge search operation got under way and, on Sunday, suspected human remains were found. These have not been formally identified.

Mr Rainey appeared at court via video link along with fellow accused Ryan Johnson Gordon, 34, of Nursery Close, Ballymena who is charged with attempting to impede justice by concealing evidence around the alleged murder of Ms Mitchell.

Ballymena Magistrates' Court heard that Mr Rainey has serious mental health problems and is a paranoid schizophrenic.

In court, when asked if he understood the charge against him, Mr Rainey replied: "Yeah."

Brandon John Rainey, who appeared in court via video link, denied murdering Ms Mitchell

His defence lawyer said he had "acute mental health difficulties"and that he denied the charge.

An application was made for Mr Rainey to be released to the Shannon Clinic - a medium secure unit for people with mental illness - outside Belfast, but police objected as he had previously escaped from the clinic.

Judge Peter King said Mr Rainey had been charged with the "most serious offence in the criminal canon" and remanded him in custody at Maghaberry Prison until 6 July. No application for bail was made.

Counsel for Mr Gordon said he wanted to "echo similar sentiments to my colleague" in terms of his client, adding: "There are mental health difficulties."

Mr Gordon was also remanded pending a bail application which will be heard at Ballymena Magistrates Court on 20 June.

None of Chloe's family was present for the hearing.

A huge search operation was launched in Ballymena after Ms Mitchell's disappearance

Earlier on Monday, North Antrim MP Ian Paisley told BBC News NI's Good Morning Ulster programme that Chloe Mitchell's death was an "absolute tragedy".

"There is a terrible shadow over the town - the sadness is palpable," he said.

Mr Paisley paid tribute to the teams of people - both professionals and volunteers - saying that they showed "great courage and bravery".

"They were just brilliant; they worked in very hot weather through river beds and through difficult terrain.

"It shows the community spirit. No-one wanted to hear that awful news that emerged and the sadness that is there. They worked in hope, but unfortunately that has been put aside now."

The Ballymena community worked alongside the Community Rescue Service (CRS) last week searching along the banks of the Braid River as well as in the water.

Surrounding parklands and the Ecos centre were also searched.

A prayer vigil for Ms Mitchell was held at Harryville Presbyterian Church on Sunday evening.

A prayer vigil for Chloe Mitchell was held in Harryville in Ballymena on Sunday

Ballymena resident Patricia Mitchell, who is not related to Chloe Mitchell, said people in the town were devastated.

"There's no words to describe what has happened around here - absolutely unbelievable," she told BBC News NI.

Independent councillor Rodney Quigley said it was "beyond people's worst nightmares".

"This is a great community and to have this happen right on the doorsteps is heart-breaking," he said.

Rishi Sunak's spokesperson says he will assist the commissioner in investigating the interest

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak is being investigated by Parliament's standards watchdog over a possible failure to declare an interest.

Mr Sunak is being investigated over whether a declaration of interest was "open and frank", under rules set out by the commissioner for standards.

The BBC understands the probe relates to a childcare firm his wife has shares in.

The commissioner decides whether an MP has broken rules after an inquiry.

A Downing Street spokesperson said: "We are happy to assist the commissioner to clarify how this has been transparently declared as a ministerial interest."

Last month, Mr Sunak faced questions over shares his wife, Akshata Murty, holds in Koru Kids, a childcare agency that could benefit from a new policy unveiled in the spring Budget.

Chancellor Jeremy Hunt announced a pilot of payments for new childminders, with more for those who sign up through agencies.

Ms Murty was listed as a shareholder in one of those agencies, Koru Kids, as recently as 6 March.

Mr Sunak did not mention Ms Murty's links to Koru Kids when he was questioned by MPs over the childcare policy at a parliamentary committee hearing on 28 March.

Labour MP Catherine McKinnell asked Mr Sunak whether he had any interest to declare, and in reply he said: "No, all my disclosures are declared in the normal way."

In a letter to the committee, sent a few days after the hearing, Mr Sunak said his wife's interest was declared to the Cabinet Office and that an updated statement of ministers' interests would be due out shortly.

In his letter, Mr Sunak said the the list of ministerial interests "ensures steps are taken to avoid or mitigate any potential conflict of interest".

The list of ministerial interests is separate to the register of interests for MPs, which says members "must always consider whether they have a conflict of interest".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Rishi Sunak was quizzed about his childcare policy by MPs in March.

The list has not been updated for nearly a year and was last compiled by Lord Geidt, who resigned as Boris Johnson's ethics adviser.

The prime minister's spokesman said that the commissioner was investigating whether Mr Sunak was not clear that he had dual obligations to declare the connection as a ministerial interest and also to declare it when speaking to MPs about the issue.

"The prime minister has set out in his response to the Liaison Committee that he is confident the appropriate process has been followed to avoid or mitigate any potential conflict of interest, and that the interest of ministers' spouses or partners is not something that would influence their actions either as ministers or as members of parliament," he said.

Labour's deputy leader Angela Rayner MP said the failure to update the rules or publish the register of ministers' interests had "left a transparency black hole which is enabling the prime minister and those he has appointed to dodge proper scrutiny of their affairs".

She added: "If Rishi Sunak has got nothing to hide, he should commit to publishing the register before May's elections so the public can see for themselves."

The Liberal Democrats said the investigation was another example of a Conservative prime minister allegedly "bending the rules".

"After months of Conservative sleaze and scandal, the public just want a government which is focused on the country, rather than saving their own skin," Liberal Democrat chief whip Wendy Chamberlain said.

An update on the commissioner's website says Mr Sunak is being investigated under paragraph 6 of the code of conduct for MPs.

The paragraph reads: "Members must always be open and frank in declaring any relevant interest in any proceeding of the House or its committees, and in any communications with ministers, members, public officials or public office holders."

The commissioner for standards is an independent officer who investigates allegations that MPs have breached Parliament's code of conduct.

Following investigation, if the watchdog thinks the allegation represents a breach of the code, they can put such cases before MPs sitting on the Committee on Standards, who can decide any sanctions.

Breaching the rules on standards can lead to serious consequences for some MPs, including suspension from the House of Commons. There are many of these investigations every year but most end with a minor telling off from the commissioner.

Mr Johnson has been a serial offender when it comes to the late declaration of earnings and Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer had to apologise for something similar last year.

The rules are there for a reason though and it is all about transparency. MPs have a duty to be open about their financial affairs so colleagues and the public can assess whether there is any conflict of interest.

The whole system is undermined if MPs fail to follow the rules for whatever reason and most would expect a prime minister to be particularly careful about the paperwork.

The rules around lobbying in Parliament were tightened up in an updated version of the code of conduct, which was published in February following the controversy over paid advocacy work undertaken by former MP Owen Paterson.

The pilot of bonuses for childminders was announced in the Budget on 15 March as part of the government's overhaul of childcare.

Mr Hunt said the government would be "piloting incentive payments of £600 for childminders who sign up to the profession, rising to £1,200 for those who join through an agency".

The pilot could drive up the number of childminders entering the profession and generate more business for companies such as Koru Kids.

Koru Kids is listed as one of six childminder agencies on the government's website.

On its website, Koru Kids welcomed the government's reforms and said "the new incentives open to childminders are great".

The website says new childminders would get a bonus of £1,200 if they "come through an agency like Koru Kids who offer community, training and ongoing support".

UK airlifts at an airstrip near Khartoum ended on Saturday

Two extra evacuation flights carrying British nationals have left Sudan, as UK efforts now turn to diplomacy and humanitarian aid.

The "exceptional" flights - billed as the last UK airlift from Sudan - took off from Port Sudan on the Red Sea coast on Monday evening.

Military rescue flights from an airstrip near the Sudanese capital Khartoum ended on Saturday.

Nearly 2,200 people had been evacuated as of Monday afternoon.

The Foreign, Commonwealth & Development Office said it would release passenger numbers for the two latest flights on Tuesday.

British nationals and others, including Sudanese NHS staff, were asked to travel to Port Sudan by midday on Monday for the "additional exceptional" flights.

The Foreign Office would not confirm the movements of the flights, but a flight tracking website showed a RAF transport Hercules aircraft had landed in Larnaca, Cyprus, at 22:45 local time (20:45 BST). A RAF Atlas transport aircraft was due to land later.

The UK government said it had ended evacuation flights from Wadi Saeedna airstrip because of a decline in demand by British nationals and the "increasingly volatile situation" on the ground, with the last military plane taking off on Saturday night.

Airstrikes and fighting were reported over the weekend despite a ceasefire between the Sudanese army and its rival the paramilitary Rapid Support Forces.

The UK government described the operation in Sudan as the "longest and largest airlift" by any Western nation, with 2,197 people airlifted from the war-torn nation as of 17:30 Sudan time on Monday.

This figure included 1,087 people from other nations, including the US and Germany.

In addition, a UK team is providing consular assistance in Port Sudan, where they will be helping British nationals leave by commercial routes. Royal Navy ship HMS Lancaster is supporting evacuation efforts from Sudan.

The FCDO said the situation remained volatile and "our ability to conduct evacuations could change at short notice".

Foreign Secretary James Cleverly said: "With thanks to the extraordinary efforts of staff and military, the UK has brought 2,197 people to safety from Sudan so far - the largest airlift by any Western nation.

"As the focus turns to humanitarian and diplomatic efforts, we will continue do all we can to press for a long-term ceasefire and an immediate end to the violence in Sudan."

Options to provide humanitarian assistance to Sudanese people in co-ordination with the UN and non-governmental organisations were being explored, the FCDO said.

But concerns have been raised by some British nationals attempting to get family, without British passports, into the UK.

Dr Hanna Yahya, from Cheadle, Greater Manchester, told the BBC her mother, who has a Sudanese passport and a valid 10-year UK visa, was refused entry on to an evacuation flight at Port Sudan.

She explained her British passport-holding brother, who had made the journey from Khartoum with his mother, had been told by a British Embassy helpline his mother could be evacuated if he proved she was dependent on him. But at Port Sudan she was told she could not be airlifted out the country as she was not "immediate family".

They are now stuck at the Sudanese border attempting to leave.

Dr Yahya said: "My mother doesn't have anyone to look after her. If she is left alone, she will probably die. She has mobility issues. She can walk for about 10 metres. She uses a wheelchair. a normal chair or a walking aid when tired.

"My brother will stay with my mom to look after her. It breaks my heart."

British nationals had to make their way unescorted to Port Sudan

Fighting has entered its third week in Sudan. Tens of thousands of people have fled the country since fighting engulfed the country more than two weeks ago.

The capital city Khartoum has seen the heaviest fighting, with the Sudanese military and the Rapid Support Forces, a powerful paramilitary group, fighting for control of the country.

Sudan's military said on Saturday it was launching a major new offensive against RSF positions in Khartoum.

The latest truce, which has not held, was due to end at midnight on Sunday. But the RSF said the ceasefire had been extended for another three days.

The BBC chairman resigns, here's what he had to say as a report into his appointment is published.

Read more: BBC chairman resigns over report into appointment

Social media scammers are charging pupils hundreds of pounds for what they claim are leaked GCSE and A-level exam papers, but are likely to be fakes.

A GCSE pupil, who was quoted £500 for a paper by someone on Instagram, said the idea papers might be for sale was "the most talked about hype" of exam season.

It is extremely rare for genuine papers to be leaked, exam boards said.

But they added the scams were becoming more common, with fraudsters charging between £7.50 and £4,000 per paper.

Instagram, TikTok and Snapchat said fraudulent activity was against their rules and anyone who spotted such accounts should report them.

A spokesperson for the Joint Council for Qualifications (JCQ) said: "Attempting to obtain any confidential assessment material, whether it turns out to be real or fake, is malpractice."

Punishments for those who cheat can vary from disqualification from a single exam to being banned from sitting exams altogether.

Jade, not her real name, spoke to BBC News on condition of anonymity.

The 15-year-old first saw accounts claiming to sell GCSE exam papers on TikTok.

In a conversation with one of the accounts, she was then told to contact the seller on Instagram.

One GCSE student was quoted £500 by a scammer claiming to sell GCSE exams

"I was taken aback because it was ridiculous prices," Jade said.

"Anywhere north of £500 for a paper was the typical offer from multiple accounts for one exam paper."

Jade did not buy the exam paper but said she knows students who have paid up to £900.

Another student told BBC News they had paid a social media account £60 last year for a GCSE maths exam.

But they were left feeling "hurt and annoyed" when the account blocked them and failed to send anything.

Jade said some students were panicking this year because there is less support for pupils sitting exams in England in 2023 than there has been for other year groups since the pandemic.

"The people who buy from these accounts are your most desperate students," she said.

"These accounts are actually very clever and sneaky in what they do - preying on this vulnerability.

"You wouldn't meet a single student across this whole year that has not heard of these accounts. They are everywhere."

BBC News posed as a GCSE student and contacted two separate Instagram accounts claiming to sell exam papers.

An Instagram account quoted BBC News £150 for one exam paper

One quoted a price of £120 for an AQA geography paper and £150 for an English language paper. Another account also quoted £150 for a single exam paper.

Both accounts asked to be paid through the payment app, Cash App.

But our £150 transaction was blocked by Cash App on several occasions - so the scammer asked to be paid with a gift card for a High Street retailer.

After paying the agreed fee, our messages were ignored and no paper was sent to us. The scammer's social media account was then deleted before BBC News had the chance to report it to Instagram.

A spokesperson for Meta, the company that owns Instagram, said the sale of future exam papers or answer sheets was not allowed and any such content would be removed from the platform.

Bill Hewison, a case analyst at exam board, AQA, said many scammers use doctored images of previous exams, changing the date and text on the front cover to try to dupe students.

"A few weeks ago, we saw an account claiming to sell one of our exams for £7.50," he said.

"Right at the other end of the scale, you've got thousands of pounds [being quoted] - two, three, four thousand pounds."

BBC News was granted exclusive access to see how AQA's malpractice teams try to shut down the fraudulent accounts.

They do not know who is behind the accounts, but they have scoured social media for anyone claiming to sell papers to students, before and during exam season.

Exam boards have no power to shut the accounts down so instead, they report them to social media platforms - often citing copyright as a way to escalate the complaint.

A spokesperson for TikTok said any accounts "promoting fraud or scams" are removed.

Snapchat said they take fraudulent accounts off the platform and urged users to report suspicious activity.

In 2019, exam board Edexcel apologised after part of an A-level maths paper was shared on social media the day before the exam.

But legitimate leaks are rare - and fraudulent accounts on social media are a growing problem.

"If we do a search on Tuesday, we will see five accounts. If we do the same search on Wednesday, we will see 10 accounts," Mr Hewison said.

"If you get one, they'll just create another account."

JCQ chief executive Margaret Farragher said it was like "digital whack-a-mole".

"As soon as they try to close down one of these fake accounts, another one opens up," she added.

Ofqual chief regulator Jo Saxton told students not to rely on "fraudsters on the internet" ahead of their exams.

"You risk not only losing money but the consequences for you are really serious," she said.

Have you been affected by the issues raised in this story? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

The new defence partnership will initially focus on a fleet of nuclear-powered submarines for the Australian Navy

UK Prime Minister Rishi Sunak is to fly to California later to discuss key details of a new defence agreement with his Australian and US counterparts.

The 2021 Aukus pact aims to counter what the three nations see as China's threat in the Indo-Pacific region.

At the time, China condemned the agreement as "extremely irresponsible".

The meeting with US President Joe Biden and Australian PM Anthony Albanese is set to agree the supply of nuclear-powered submarines to Australia.

Speaking ahead of the talks in San Diego, Mr Sunak said the UK's global alliances were "our greatest source of strength and security".

During the trip - Mr Sunak's first to the US as PM - he is also set to unveil the UK's new integrated review of defence and foreign policy, which have been updated after Russia's invasion of Ukraine.

Mr Sunak said the review will reflect "the future we want to deliver" to the UK - "secure, prosperous and standing shoulder to shoulder with our partners".

The plans to finalise the key details of the Aukus (Australia-UK-US) pact come in light of strained diplomatic relations between the West and China.

Downing Street has recently cited "increasingly concerning behaviour of the Chinese Communist Party" and just last month the former head of MI6 said the UK must "wake up" to the threat posed by China's challenges to global security.

Meanwhile, the US and China continue to clash on issues including Taiwan, China's militarisation of the South China Sea and the origins of Covid-19. And more recently, the spy balloon saga heightened tensions between the superpowers.

Beijing has acknowledged that China-US relations have "seriously deviated". Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang said the diplomatic crisis caused by the balloon incident could have been averted but the US acted with "the presumption of guilt".

The deal is set to see Australia become just the seventh nation in the world to operate nuclear-powered submarines, after the US, UK, France, China, India and Russia.

The plan is for nuclear submarines to be built in Adelaide, south Australia, with the UK and US providing consultation on technology for their production.

The UK is hoping the Aukus pact will result in work for UK shipyards, with reports suggesting Canberra could select to build a modified version of the British Astute-class submarine, while taking delivery of up to five US Virginia-class submarines during the production stage.

In addition to submarines, the pact is committed to information and technology exchange between the three nations in areas ranging from intelligence and quantum technology to the acquisition of cruise missiles.

But the signing of the pact sparked a row with France, which lost a deal with Australia to build 12 diesel-powered submarines.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Why is everyone fighting over the South China Sea?

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. 'I would've gone somewhere else if I'd known' - Gatland

The acting head of the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) insists the organisation is remorseful over how it handled allegations of sexism and misogyny.

Nigel Walker's comments came after a WRU board member downplayed claims made in a BBC Wales programme.

Henry Engelhardt said some parts of BBC Wales Investigates "were not accurate".

"Henry Engelhardt and everybody else involved with the WRU is still remorseful about what went on in the union," Mr Walker said.

"People are sorry, the union's sorry, I'm sorry that people were put through what we saw in the BBC Investigates programme, absolutely, including Henry," he added.

Mr Engelhardt is a WRU independent non-executive director and a former chief executive of Admiral Insurance.

Speaking on the BBC's Walescast podcast, Mr Engelhardt described the BBC investigation as "sensationalist".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Henry Engelhardt criticises the BBC's investigation into the WRU

Mr Walker said Mr Engelhardt had been one of the biggest advocates for governance change at the WRU.

"It's for him to say whether he got it wrong or whether he could have been even more positive about the need for changes," Mr Walker said, pointing out that he did discuss that need in the podcast too.

Mr Walker added that the organisation had been working "flat out" for "probably 12 or 18 months" to make governance changes.

Asked if he had confidence in Mr Engelhardt, he said he had "absolute faith".

Nigel Walker said Henry Engelhardt's record speaks for itself

Mr Walker, the former Wales international wing, replaced Steve Phillips when the then WRU chief executive stepped down following the BBC investigation.

"I have absolute confidence in Henry Engelhardt, his record speaks for itself," Mr Walker said.

"I've not seen anything in the two years I've been in the Welsh Rugby Union around that board table with Henry Engelhardt that would make me question his character or his determination for the Welsh Rugby Union to be organisation it needs to be off the back of what we saw four months ago."

Tonia Antonazzi, MP for Gower and former Wales international said she was "disappointed" Henry Engelhardt "hasn't come back and put more context on what he said", adding what he said was "was truly unacceptable".

She added while Mr Engelhardt "rubbished" the report, the stories were "backed up by Amanda Blanc's experience" and she knew of "others who have experienced it and were unable to go on to the programme because of the pressure put on them as a result".

How much to pay teachers is a "very difficult choice", a minister has said, as strikes hit schools in England for the second time this week.

Robert Halfon said the government wanted to be fair to teaching staff but also "fair to the taxpayer".

Many schools are expected to be closed or part-closed as National Education Union (NEU) members strike over pay.

The union said whether strikes should continue in the autumn term was "in the government's hands".

Friday's walkout is the seventh national strike day since February, but it is the eighth day that most schools in England have been affected by strikes, because of regional action.

Teachers also walked out on Wednesday.

Figures on school closures caused by this week's strikes have not been yet published, but more schools than ever were affected during the most recent action, in May.

A spokesperson for the Department for Education said Friday's strike would lead to end-of-term events being cancelled, including Year 6 pupils' secondary school transition days.

Next year's pay is being considered by the government after a report was submitted by the independent pay review body.

That body has reportedly recommended a 6.5% rise for teachers, and education unions have accused the government of sitting on the report.

Mr Halfon told BBC Breakfast he had not seen the final report and could not confirm that 6.5% had been recommended.

He said the government "has a very difficult choice" to make, saying decisions about teachers' pay should be balanced against the fact the government has "got to spend billions of pounds helping people with the cost of living".

"We've got to be as fair as possible to teachers and support staff, who work incredibly hard... but we also have to be fair to the taxpayer," he said.

He said the government would make a decision after the report was published.

Education unions say teachers are struggling to make ends meet

Speaking to BBC Radio 4's Today programme, the NEU's joint-general secretary, Dr Mary Bousted, called the reported offer "credible", saying it would be the "biggest award announced by a pay review body" and "deserved for teachers".

She said: "I think members would accept 6.5% with one major addition, which is that it would be funded.

"Schools don't have the money to pay teachers 6.5%. We calculate there would need to be 3% on average [extra] funding for schools in order to do that."

Asked whether she feared the government could overrule the pay review body, Dr Bousted said: "Unfortunately I think that's entirely possible. We hope that that's not the case."

The NEU is balloting for further strike action in the autumn, which could involve co-ordinated strikes with three other education unions.

Dr Bousted said autumn strike action would not happen if a fully-funded 6.5% rise was offered, saying it was "in the government's hands".

Most state school teachers in England had a 5% pay rise for the year 2022-23.

The NEU wants teachers to have an above-inflation pay increase, plus extra money to ensure any pay rises do not come from schools' existing budgets.

After intensive talks, the government offered an additional one-off payment of £1,000. It also offered a rise for most teachers next year of 4.3%, with starting salaries reaching £30,000.

The Department for Education described it as a "fair and reasonable offer", and said schools would receive an extra £2.3bn over the next two years.

All four unions involved in the dispute rejected the offer.

Almost 40,000 full-time working-age teachers left the profession last year - the highest level since records began in 2010 - according to government data released last month.

However, overall the number of teachers has increased by 2,800 to 468,400, because more teachers have entered the profession.

Are you a teacher with a view on the strike? Are you a parent affected? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

The nursery's minibus was stolen and later found burned out near East Kennet

Nursery staff have been left "devastated" after having a second minibus stolen and destroyed in just over six months.

Staff at Sunflowers in Grafton, Wiltshire, discovered their 12-seat minibus had been taken on Tuesday morning and police later found it burned out near East Kennet.

Their 15-seat minibus was stolen and similarly destroyed in September.

"How can this happen again, and why?," said the nursery's Alison Halfpenny.

"We are a charity, we're a nursery school, we're serving the community and we're looking after families and their children.

"Unfortunately these people don't think about these things," the nursery's business administrator told BBC Radio Wiltshire.

Alison Halfpenny said she felt "complete devastation, disappointment and numbness"

Ms Halfpenny said a colleague had arrived for work on Tuesday morning to find the gates open and a minibus missing.

They reported it to Wiltshire Police, who later that day found it near East Kennet. It had been set on fire and completely burned out.

Ms Halfpenny explained the bus was used as "wraparound care" for local primary school children, as well to take children from local villages to Burbage Primary School and back home in the afternoon.

They are able to continue the service using another bus they are hiring, but she said: "We still need to find another bus."

Ms Halfpenny said the minibus was important to the nursery

"Overall the response has been absolutely fantastic," added Ms Halfpenny.

She said since the incident, the nursery has had lots of phone calls and messages offering help.

"It's a really supportive community so we couldn't have asked for more in that respect," she said.

Police are investigating but said no arrests had been made.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Home Secretary Suella Braverman during her speech in Westminster, London, for the launch of counter-terrorism strategy Contest 2023

The Home Secretary has warned the risk from terrorism in the UK "continues to evolve and is increasing", as she unveiled her plans to prevent attacks.

Suella Braverman's counter-terrorism strategy identifies Islamic terrorism as the primary UK domestic threat, which accounted for two thirds of attacks in 2018.

Technology has also been identified as one of the biggest threats.

This includes the internet, which it deemed a global security threat.

The strategy, named CONTEST 2023, also states that convicted criminals in prison "may continue to pose a threat".

The government has updated the plan, which outlines how the government reacts to terrorist threats or emergencies, for the first time in five years.

Ms Braverman was speaking in front of a packed room in Westminster Hall, where some of the guests were survivors of UK terror attacks.

She warned that Russia, Iran, and China pose significant risks to UK security, referring to Russia as "the most pressing national security concern".

"Russia, Iran, and China have all shown themselves to be far too willing to exploit and destabilise our country," Ms Braverman told the audience.

She also confirmed that overall, terrorism from Islamic groups is the most prolific form of terrorism in the UK.

She added: "Northern Ireland related terrorism remains a significant threat. Despite the significant progress in the last 20 years, some dissident groups continue to carry out attacks."

To conclude, she said: "The threat continues to evolve and is increasing, meaning we must also evolve to keep the British people safe. We will work with the public and our international allies."

In the strategy, the Home Office states: "In the UK, the primary domestic threat comes from Islamic terrorism, which accounts for approximately 67% of attacks in 2018, about three quarters of MI5 caseload and 64% of those in custody for terrorism-connected offences."

The report goes on to say that the "domestic terror threat… is less predictable, harder to detect and investigate."

It points out there is "a persistent and evolving threat from Islamist terrorist groups overseas".

And it says there is "an operating environment where accelerating advances in technology provide both opportunity and risk to our counter-terrorism efforts."

It concludes: "It is within this context that we judge that the risk from terrorism is once again rising."

The government said it was also monitoring the risk posed by the so-called incel movement.

The incel movement is an online subculture to which multiple mass murders and hate crimes against women have been attributed.

Incel is short for "involuntary celibate". People who define themselves as incel say they can't get a sex life despite the fact that they want to be in a relationship.

The strategy says: "It is possible that violent adherents to movements and subcultures, such as Involuntary Celibacy (Incels), could meet the threshold of terrorist intent or action."

On prisoners, the strategy says: "Those convicted of terrorism, or a related offence, may continue to pose a threat; four of the nine declared terrorist attacks in the UK since 2018 were perpetrated by serving or recently released prisoners.

"Individuals convicted of non-terrorism offences may also hold a terrorist mindset or develop one during their time in prison.

"The attacks by prisoners inside HMP Whitemoor, the 2019 Fishmongers' Hall and 2020 Streatham and Reading attacks by those on probation, demonstrate the significant threat that offenders may continue to pose both in custody and on release."

The last time this strategy was published was in 2018, after a significant year of terror attacks in the UK in 2017 including the Manchester Arena bombing and London Bridge stabbing attacks. It was originally published in 2003.

The Iskander - seen here in an archive photo - has a range of up to 500km (310 miles)

Russia will station tactical nuclear weapons in Belarus, President Vladimir Putin has said.

President Putin said the move would not violate nuclear non-proliferation agreements and compared it to the US stationing its weapons in Europe, according to Russian state media.

Moscow would not be transferring control of its arms to Minsk, he added.

The US said it did not believe Russia was preparing to use the nuclear weapons after the announcement.

"We have not seen any reason to adjust our own strategic nuclear posture," the US Defense Department said in a statement.

"We remain committed to the collective defence of the Nato alliance."

Belarus shares a long border with Ukraine, and with Nato members Poland, Lithuania and Latvia.

This will be the first time since the mid-1990s that Moscow will have based nuclear arms outside the country.

The Soviet Union's collapse in 1991 meant weapons became based in four newly-independent states - Russia, Ukraine, Belarus and Kazakhstan - with the transfer of all warheads to Russia completed in 1996.

The Belarusian regime is a firm Kremlin ally and supporter of the invasion of Ukraine.

President Putin told Russian state television on Saturday that Belarusian leader Alexander Lukashenko had long raised the issue of stationing tactical nuclear weapons in Belarus.

"There is nothing unusual here either," he said. "Firstly, the United States has been doing this for decades. They have long deployed their tactical nuclear weapons on the territory of their allied countries."

Russia will start training crews to operate the weapons from next week. The construction of a storage facility for tactical nuclear weapons in Belarus will be completed by 1 July, President Putin added.

A small number of Iskander tactical missile systems, which can be used to launch nuclear weapons, have already been transferred to Belarus, President Putin said.

He did not specify when the weapons themselves would be sent.

The announcement to station weapons in Belarus comes only days after Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to Moscow, during which Russia and China issued a joint statement saying "all nuclear powers must not deploy their nuclear weapons beyond their national territories, and they must withdraw all nuclear weapons deployed abroad."

On Sunday, a top security adviser to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said that Russia's plans are a "step towards internal destabilisation" of Belarus and predicted anti-Russian sentiment in the country would grow. "The Kremlin took Belarus as a nuclear hostage," Oleksiy Danilov wrote on Twitter.

And exiled Belarusian opposition leader Svetlana Tikhanovskaya said that Russia's deployment of tactical nuclear weapons "grossly contradicts the will of the Belarusian people".

President Putin's comments come after President Zelensky renewed his plea for more military support from his Western allies.

Earlier this week, some 18 countries signed an agreement to supply the war-torn country with at least one million artillery shells over the next year.

But in an interview with a Japanese newspaper, President Zelensky said Ukraine could not launch a potential counter-offensive in the east of the country until further ammunition arrived.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Labour will set out 'fairer solution' on university fees, Sir Keir Starmer says

Labour is set to abandon its promise to scrap university tuition fees in England if it wins power, its leader has said.

Sir Keir Starmer told BBC Radio 4's Today programme the party was "likely to move on from that commitment", blaming the economic backdrop.

The Labour leader pledged to support getting rid of fees in his 2020 leadership campaign.

But he now said the party was looking at alternative options for funding.

He added that the current fees system, of £9,250 a year, was "unfair" and "doesn't work for students, and doesn't work for universities".

Asked about the report, Sir Keir said: "We are likely to move on from that commitment, because we do find ourselves in a different financial situation."

He added there were "other ways of approaching this", adding that his party could not "ignore the current economic situation" ahead of the next election.

University tuition fees were introduced by Labour under Tony Blair, before being tripled under the Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition government, triggering mass protests among students.

Under former leader Jeremy Corbyn, Labour promised to abolish them, alongside reintroducing maintenance grants for poorer students, in its 2017 and 2019 general election manifestoes.

In 2019, the Institute of Fiscal Studies, a think thank, estimated the policies would cost the public purse just over £6bn per university year-group.

Labour's leader before Mr Corbyn, Ed Miliband, had proposed cutting fees to £6,000 a year.

In Wales, tuition fees are capped at £9,000, while in Northern Ireland, home students pay a maximum of £4,630 but those from other UK nations can be charged up to £9,250.

In Scotland, Scottish students are eligible for free tuition, while those from elsewhere in the UK can pay up to £9,250.

During his campaign to replace Mr Corbyn as leader in 2020, Sir Keir promised to abolish fees as part of his 10 leadership pledges, under the heading of "social justice".

In his three years as leader, he has also abandoned leadership pledges to nationalise energy and water companies, increase income tax for the top 5% of earners, and "defend free movement as we leave the EU".

On the Today programme, he said the UK now found itself in a "different situation," including by having left the EU and now having the "highest tax burden" since the World War II.

He added he had made a "political choice" to abandon the pledge on energy companies, after a review by his team last year found it would "cost a lot" but wouldn't reduce bills for households.

Momentum, the left-wing group set up to campaign for Mr Corbyn's leadership, said Sir Keir's move away from free university tuition was a "betrayal of millions of young people".

It added that it would also "fly in the face of party democracy," with Labour's student wing voting two months ago to campaign to scrap fees.

The Conservative government is in favour of maintaining tuition fees. In January, it said fees would be frozen at £9,250 for the next two years.

The Liberal Democrats want to bring back maintenance grants, which were abandoned in 2016, and set up a review of how higher education is financed.

The Green Party, which favours scrapping fees, criticised Sir Keir's move, with co-leader Adrian Ramsay saying students would pay a "heavy price" as a result of "the latest U-turn from Keir Starmer's Labour".

An open letter signed by dozens of academics from around the world calls on artificial-intelligence developers to learn more about consciousness, as AI systems become more advanced.

"It is no longer in the realm of science fiction to imagine AI systems having feelings and even human-level consciousness," it says.

Most experts agree AI is nowhere near this level of sophistication.

But it is evolving rapidly and some say developments should be paused.

The term AI covers computer systems able to do tasks that would normally need human intelligence. This includes chatbots able to understand questions and respond with human-like answers, and systems capable of recognising objects in pictures.

Generative Pre-trained Transformer 4 (GPT-4), an AI system developed by ChatGPT chatbot creator OpenAI, can now successfully complete the bar exam, the professional qualification for lawyers, although it still makes mistakes and can share misinformation.

But this is just one function of AI. AI products are being deployed in many sectors, including health research, marketing and finance.

Technology billionaire Elon Musk co-signed a recent letter saying further AI developments should be put on hold until effective safety measures could be designed and implemented.

And on Tuesday, his ex-wife, Tallulah Riley, tweeted artificial general intelligence (AGI) - AI capable of human-level intellectual tasks - needed "the equivalent of [environmental activist] Greta Thunberg" to raise awareness and encourage public debate.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The Association for Mathematical Consciousness Science (AMCS), which has compiled the open letter, titled "The responsible development of AI agenda needs to include consciousness research", said it did not have a view on whether AI development in general should be paused.

But it pushed for a greater scientific understanding of consciousness, how it could apply to AI and how society might live alongside it.

"The rapid development of AI is exposing the urgent need to accelerate research in the field of consciousness science," the letter says.

Its signatories include Dr Susan Schneider, a former NASA professor, as well as academics from universities in the UK, US and Europe.

Last year, a Google engineer was fired after claiming an AI system was sentient.

Google has maintained Lamda was doing exactly what it had been programmed to do - communicate in a human-like way.

But Google boss Sundar Pichai recently told US news platform CBS he did not "fully understand" how Bard worked.

The human mind was not fully understood either, he added, which is why the AMCS is calling for more research.

But there is as much excitement as nervousness around AI. It is the big buzzword in big tech and investment money is pouring in to AI-related projects.

Released in November, ChatGPT, became an instant viral sensation, the populist "face" of AI, with millions of people trying it out.

Using the internet as a database, it can give written answers to questions in a natural, human-like way.

Microsoft, which has invested heavily in OpenAI, says AI can take "the drudgery" out of mundane jobs such as office administration.

A recent report by Goldman Sachs suggests AI could replace the equivalent of 300 million full-time jobs.

And while the AI industry will create new human jobs, they are likely to require new skills.

Junior doctors in Scotland have been offered a 14.5% pay rise.

The new offer from the Scottish government, which covers a two-year period, was made after negotiations with BMA Scotland.

The union will now consult its members, who voted in favour of strike action earlier this month, on the offer.

BMA Scotland stressed it had not agreed the improved deal - but said that it was likely to be the best that the Scottish government would offer.

Ministers said they were proposing a £61.3m investment in junior doctor pay, which they described as the largest in 20 years and the best offer in the UK.

The government said that if it was accepted, there would be a pay rise of 6.5% in 2023/24 and an additional 3% towards an already agreed 4.5% uplift in 2022/23.

This amounts to a cumulative increase of 14.5% over two years and matches the recent pay award accepted by nurses and other NHS workers in 2023, it said.

BMA Scotland members had previously voted in favour of staging a 72-hour walkout. The union has been calling for a 23.5% increase above inflation.

More than 71% of the eligible 5,000 junior doctors in Scotland voted in that ballot, with 97% in favour of industrial action.

Scotland's Health Secretary Michael Matheson said he was "delighted" to have reached an agreement with the BMA Scotland after weeks of intense negotiations.

He added: "We have taken their concerns regarding pay, and the need to modernise pay bargaining more broadly, extremely seriously.

"It's now up to junior doctors to reflect on this final offer, and I hope they will accept."

BMA Scotland said it would put the offer to its members in a consultative vote.

Dr Chris Smith, who chairs its Scottish junior doctor committee, stressed that the BMA had not agreed the deal or accepted any offer.

"However, the offer that has been made is without doubt an improvement on the 4.5% awarded last year, and the improved offer for 22/23 would represent a slowdown in doctors' pay erosion, which had accelerated up to this point after 15 years of real terms decline," he said.

"Our commitment to the long-term aim of righting that historical wrong remains firmly in place and will continue to be a top priority going forwards.

"We feel this offer reflects the best that the Scottish government will offer after this series of negotiations. This is why it is essential our members decide our next steps."

Michael Matheson said he hoped junior doctors would accept the offer

Junior doctors - fully-qualified medics who are not specialty staff doctors, consultants or GPs - make up 44% of the doctors in the NHS in Scotland.

Junior doctors in England walked out for three days in March and four days in April, leading to the cancellation of more than 196,000 hospital appointments last month.

In January, ambulance staff belonging to three unions - GMB, Unison and Unite - staged a strike in England and Wales in a dispute over pay.

Members of the Royal College of Nursing (RCN) union in England rejected the government's current pay offer and held a 24-hour strike, while a strike ballot opened last week for senior doctors in England amid a continuing dispute over pay.

Despite the action south of the border, Scotland has yet to see any strikes by NHS staff.

Pope Francis waved to crowds at the Vatican on the day of the Easter Mass, at St. Peter's Square

Pope Francis has used his traditional Easter message to call for a ceasefire in the Gaza Strip and for the return of Israeli hostages held by Hamas.

The 87-year-old pontiff led Easter Mass at the Vatican in front of thousands, despite concerns over his health.

Referring to conflicts around the world, the Pope pleaded not to "yield to the logic of weapons and rearming".

"Peace is never made with arms, but with outstretched hands and open hearts," he said.

Tens of thousands of worshippers gathered in St Peter's Square to hear the Pope.

As fresh truce negotiations between Israel and Hamas were due to begin, Pope Francis said: "I appeal once again that access to humanitarian aid be ensured to Gaza, and call once more for the prompt release of the hostages seized on 7 October and for an immediate ceasefire in the Strip.

Referring to the impact of the war on civilians, beginning with children, he said: "How much suffering we see in their eyes! With those eyes, they ask us: Why? Why all this death? Why all this destruction? War is always an absurdity and a defeat."

Pope Francis also warned countries against re-arming themselves and spoke about the ongoing conflict in Ukraine just over two years since Russia launched its full-scale invasion of its neighbour.

Children in Gaza have lost their smiles, the Pope said

"In calling for respect for the principles of international law, I express my hope for a general exchange of all prisoners between Russia and Ukraine," the Pope said.

The war in Gaza began after Hamas's unprecedented attack in southern Israel during which about 1,200 people were killed and some 253 taken hostage.

Israel launched a retaliatory operation, saying it was aimed at destroying Hamas. Since then, 32,782 Palestinians have been killed and 75,298 injured, according to the Hamas-run health ministry.

Easter Sunday marks a major part of the Catholic calendar and is followed by 1.3 billion people around the globe.

On Sunday, Pope Francis was helped into a wheelchair as he greeted cardinals celebrating Easter Mass.

He then travelled around St Peter's Square in the popemobile waving to large crowds.

Two days ago, Pope Francis presided over the Good Friday service in Saint Peter's Basilica - but he skipped the traditional Way of the Cross ceremony and procession at Rome's Colosseum to protect his health, the Vatican said.

A statement from the Vatican said the Pope had decided to rest as a precautionary measure.

The Easter Sunday event from the Vatican was broadcast around the world

But, on Saturday, he took part in a two-hour Easter vigil during which he read a lengthy homily.

In the last year Pope Francis has had a number of health issues. In March 2023 he was admitted to hospital with bronchitis - months later he underwent abdominal surgery on a hernia.

The Vatican said in November the Pope cancelled a planned trip to the COP28 climate summit in Dubai due to influenza and lung inflammation.

Heavy rain in Delhi has caused parts of the city to flood, leaving residents stranded and vehicles at a standstill.

People have had to plough on through the floods - or sit in the water in traffic jams.

A local resident, Sarita Gupta, said: "I don't know what the government is doing about this. It's not just one year it happens every year."

Oliver Schulz has been charged in connection with the death of an Afghan man in 2012

A former Australian SAS soldier has been charged with murder, following an investigation into alleged war crimes in Afghanistan.

Oliver Schulz, 41, is the first Australian serviceman or veteran to be charged with a war crime under Australian law.

The offence carries a maximum sentence of life in jail.

He was arrested on Monday in New South Wales (NSW) and has been remanded in custody.

He will appear in a Sydney court at a later date.

The Australia Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) says Mr Schulz is the person referred to as Soldier C in a 2020 ABC Four Corners documentary exposing alleged war crimes.

Footage showed Soldier C shooting an Afghan man in a wheat field in Uruzgan Province in southern Afghanistan in 2012.

The investigation was carried out by the Office of the Special Investigator (OSI), the body set up to investigate alleged war crimes following a four-year inquiry led by an Army Reserve major general and NSW Supreme Court judge Paul Brereton.

The Brereton Report - released in 2020 - found there was "credible evidence" that Australian elite soldiers unlawfully killed 39 people during the Afghan war.

It said 19 current or ex-special forces soldiers should be investigated by police over killings of "prisoners, farmers or civilians" from 2009 to 2013.

This is believed to be the first arrest linked to that inquiry.

At the time, the Australian Defence Force (ADF) blamed crimes on an unchecked "warrior culture" among some soldiers.

Mr Schulz's case should set an "important precedent" for the West and its allies on how to handle suspected wrongdoing in the military, said Tim McCormack, a law professor at the University of Tasmania and special adviser on war crimes to the prosecutor of the International Criminal Court in The Hague.

"We've never had a situation in the past where a member of the ADF, either current or former, has been charged with a war crime and slated for trial in a civilian court," he told the ABC.

Elon Musk has reclaimed his title as the world's richest person, knocking the boss of luxury goods giant LVMH, Bernard Arnault, off the top spot.

His net worth has soared by $55.3bn (£44.44bn) since January to $192bn, after a rise in the value of his electric car company Tesla.

Mr Arnault's fortune has fallen by $24.5bn to $187bn, per Bloomberg's Billionaires Index.

He is followed by Jeff Bezos and Bill Gates in third and fourth positions.

Mr Arnault, 74, had overtaken Mr Musk, 51, on the the rich list in December when shares in LVMH jumped as demand for luxury goods rebounded.

At the same, shares in Tesla - the company from which Mr Musk derives most of his wealth - fell sharply amid concerns that his takeover of the social media platform Twitter was affecting his leadership.

However, Tesla shares have bounced back by almost 92% since the start of this year as investor nerves have eased and Mr Musk has announced his replacement as Twitter chief executive.

His visit to China this week to discuss Tesla has also sparked excitement, while the car firm is benefiting from the rise in interest in artificial intelligence.

By contrast, LVMH - which owns brands including Louis Vuitton and Christian Dior - has gone into reverse.

After hitting a record high in April, its shares have fallen sharply and are down 16% since the start of the year.

Mr Arnault, who co-founded the luxury goods giant in 1987, owns a majority stake in the business, which is Europe's most valuable firm.

In January, the Frenchman appointed his daughter Delphine Arnault, 47, as head of his fashion house Dior as part of a shake-up at LVMH.

All five of Mr Arnault's children hold management positions at brands in the group.

According to Bloomberg, Amazon founder Jeff Bezos is the world's third richest person with a fortune of $146bn. Mr Gates, who co-founded Microsoft, is worth $126bn.

Last updated on .From the section Brighton

Brighton have announced a record profit of £122.8m in the 2022-23 financial year - the most successful season in the Premier League club's history.

Profit after tax increased annually by almost £100m from £24.1m, with turnover going up by 17.2% to a record £204.5m.

Albion finished sixth in the Premier League in 2022-23, reached the FA Cup semi-finals and also brought in huge transfer fees for several key players.

The figures can help more "significant progress" on the pitch, Brighton said.

"These accounts will of course catch the eye because of the headline number," Brighton chief executive Paul Barber said.

"In a season when we made history on the pitch we took a huge step forward in terms of the club's long-held aim of becoming more sustainable and less reliant on [Brighton owner] Tony Bloom's incredibly generous levels of investment."

Brighton have made a "substantial repayment" to Bloom for the first time, added Barber.

It means the club reduced the balance on Bloom's interest-free loans, with the first given in 2007, to £373.3m from £406.5m.

Brighton's record profits come at a time when a number of other clubs have posted significant losses for the 2022-23 top-flight season, including Aston Villa (£120m), Chelsea (£90m), Everton (£89m), Leicester (£90m), Newcastle United (£73m), Nottingham Forest (£52m) and Wolves (£67m).

Everton and Forest have already been docked points for breaching profit and sustainability rules, while Leicester are facing similar charges.

How did Brighton pull in the money?

A sizeable portion of Brighton's income in 2022-23 was generated by their performances on the pitch and the ability to make a profit by selling players who arrived for much smaller fees.

Brighton manager Roberto de Zerbi guided the club to the highest league finish in their 122-year history, as well as the FA Cup semi-finals for only the third time.

As a result, the club's income from prize money and broadcasting revenue increased from £126.2m to £155.2m.

Selling four key players - Mali midfielder Yves Bissouma, Spain left-back Marc Cucurella, Belgium forward Leandro Trossard and Argentina midfielder Alexis Mac Allister - led to a profit of £121.4m in transfers.

The £23m compensation received for De Zerbi's predecessor Graham Potter, who moved to Chelsea with several of his backroom staff, also contributed to the record figures.

The end date for the 2022-23 accounts is 30 June last year.

Therefore they do not include the sales of Ecuador midfielder Moises Caicedo and Spain keeper Robert Sanchez, who both joined Chelsea in August 2023.

Caicedo was sold for £100m, which could rise to a British record £115m. Sanchez made the same move for £25m.

Brighton fans of a certain age still have to pinch themselves when they think about how far the club has come in the past 30 years.

From struggling in the depths of the Football League and facing liquidation in 1997, the Seagulls' stunning rise has been remarkable.

Former chairman Dick Knight saved the club when his consortium purchased the majority of shares, before stepping down for sports betting entrepreneur Bloom to take over in 2009.

Bloom financed the building of the Amex Stadium - a fundamental part of Brighton's renaissance - as well as delivering a state-of-the-art training ground.

Bloom's interest-free loans enabled investment off the pitch and led to success on it.

Brighton reached the Premier League for the first time in 2017, establishing themselves as one of the most attractive and progressive teams in the English top flight.

"As ever we are hugely grateful to Tony Bloom for his clear vision, his world class ownership of our club, and his ongoing financial support," added Barber.

"Similarly, we are extremely fortunate to have a top quality board, who provide us with great stability and guidance; and top level staff in all areas of the club."

What does the future hold?

Former Shakhtar Donetsk manager De Zerbi, 44, built on the work done by Potter and took the Seagulls into European football for the first time this season.

While contracted until 2026, De Zerbi has been linked to Liverpool and Bayern Munich, and has seemingly questioned Bloom's ambition recently.

"Bloom has sunk half a billion pounds of his own money into turning Brighton from League One strugglers to Europa League participants," said Seagulls supporter Scott McCarthy from the We Are Brighton fan site.

"Question him, pit yourself against him, and there is only going to be one winner in that popularity contest in the eyes of most Albion fans."
• None Our coverage of Brighton & Hove Albion is bigger and better than ever before - here's everything you need to know to make sure you never miss a moment
• None Everything Albion - go straight to all the best content

Whorlton Hall, which has since closed, was privately run but funded by the NHS

A BBC documentary exposed the "cruel and abusive" attitudes of staff at a hospital for vulnerable patients, a court has heard.

Nine workers were charged with a total of 27 offences after an undercover reporter filmed at Whorlton Hall, near Barnard Castle, County Durham, in 2019.

Patients with learning disabilities were verbally abused and mocked by staff, Teesside Crown Court was told.

The defendants, six men and three women, deny mistreating patients.

The specialist hospital for people with complex needs, which has since closed, was privately run but funded by the NHS.

The BBC sent reporter Olivia Davies to work at the unit for a Panorama documentary.

Some patients who were ill-treated had been detained at the 17-bed facility under the Mental Health Act, the court heard.

Anne Richardson, prosecuting, said: "There was something of a culture of inappropriate behaviour within Whorlton Hall."

One defendant said on camera he had invented an imaginary device to summon male staff for a female patient who said she did not want men to look after her.

The court heard Peter Bennett, 53, used the threat of the "man button" to make the patient comply.

He is also alleged to have said he would issue staff with balloons, as he knew the patient did not like them.

Another defendant, Niall Mellor, 26, was heard to call the same patient "a retard" and said residents did not need good treatment, jurors were told.

Miss Richardson said Ryan Fuller, 26, called a different resident a "bitch" and when he learned of more patients coming to the unit spoke of "how much fun he would have with them".

John Sanderson, 25, claimed to have repeatedly unplugged a patient's phone while the man was speaking to his sister, resulting in the patient becoming agitated, the court heard.

Sabah Mahmood, 27, was said to have told a resident that her family were "poison", despite knowing the patient blamed herself for the death of a relative.

Staff nurse Karen McGhee, 54, allegedly did not protect a patient from ill-treatment during a period of restraint by other staff.

Miss Richardson said: "The Crown does not suggest that the defendants were ill treating all of the residents all of the time - caring for those within Whorlton Hall was not an easy job.

"Nonetheless, you will hear from witnesses, in conjunction with the BBC footage, that at times the defendants' attitude and care to certain residents was cruel and abusive."

She said the counts of ill treatment or wilful neglect of a person in care related to victims who were unable to protect themselves.

Miss Richardson said the defendants claimed they had received minimal training, that the hall was understaffed and that those they cared for were extremely challenging.

The accused face the following number of charges of ill-treatment of a person in care:

The trial will continue on Thursday when footage from the documentary will be shown in court.

Follow BBC North East & Cumbria on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Send your story ideas to northeastandcumbria@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Voters in England are going to the polls in three constituencies in London, North Yorkshire and Somerset to elect new MPs.

The three seats in Uxbridge and South Ruislip, Selby and Ainsty, and Somerton and Frome were won by the Conservatives at the last general election in 2019.

Polling stations opened at 07:00 BST and will close at 22:00, with results expected from early on Friday morning.

Constituents will need photo ID in order to vote.

There are 17 candidates in Uxbridge and South Ruislip:

There are 13 candidates in Selby and Ainsty:

And there are eight candidates in Somerton and Frome:

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

Donald Trump made history in New York on Tuesday, becoming the first US president to be criminally indicted.

He returned to Florida immediately afterwards, where he said the case was "an insult to our country", claiming, without evidence, that his indictment was a case of election interference.

Last updated on .From the section Formula 1

Red Bull's Sergio Perez took pole position for the Miami Grand Prix while team-mate and title rival Max Verstappen will start only ninth.

Verstappen made a mistake on his first run in the final session and when Ferrari's Charles Leclerc crashed there was no time to resume the session.

Aston Martin's Fernando Alonso will join Perez on the front row.

Ferrari's Carlos Sainz is third, with Kevin Magnussen scoring a sensational fourth for the US-based Haas team.

"That was a mistake of mine trying to put it to the limit and then having to abort the lap," said Verstappen.

"Then you rely on a bit of luck of course that there is not going to be a red flag. It can happen on a street circuit so I'm a bit upset with myself."

Elsewhere, Mercedes struggled. Lewis Hamilton was knocked out in the second session and will start down in 13th. He was compromised by the team sending him out late, which affected his ability to prepare his tyres effectively.

George Russell managed to sneak through into the top-10 shootout, where he secured sixth place behind the Alpine of Pierre Gasly.

Both Verstappen and Leclerc were under pressure going into the final runs after making errors in the early part of the session.

Verstappen had run wide at Turns Six and Seven and Leclerc brushed the wall at Turn 16.

Both needed to deliver on their final runs but Leclerc wrecked the rest of the session for everyone else when, running early, he lost control through the fast Turn Six and spun on the entry to Turn Seven, backing his Ferrari into the wall.

It was Leclerc's second crash in two days at the same place after he also lost control a little later in the same sequence of corners in second practice on Friday. He will line up seventh.

The result is a huge bonus for Perez, who is six points behind Verstappen in a private championship battle between the two drivers for the dominant Red Bull team.

Perez had looked out of sorts for much of the weekend but he nailed an excellent lap on the first runs in the final session to put himself in the prime position going into the final runs.

The Mexican beat Alonso by 0.361secs as the veteran Spaniard continues his excellent start to the season.

Sainz was a further 0.147secs behind in his Ferrari.

Behind Leclerc, Alpine's Esteban Ocon, Verstappen and Alfa Romeo's Valtteri Bottas completed the top 10.

What did the top three say?

Perez was cheered loudly by the crowd at Hard Rock Stadium in this city with a large Latino population, who saw three Spanish-speaking drivers in the first three positions, and thanked them during his interview after the session.

"It has been my worst weekend until qualifying really," he said. "I just couldn't figure out how to [recover] all those tenths I was missing to the Max and the Ferraris.

"I was just resetting everything and we did a small change into qualifying and everything came alive. We were playing with the tools and everything came together.

"I was just struggling for balance, confidence, this Tarmac is very sensitive to temperature."

Alonso said: "It was a good qualifying. Final practice was a little bit messy for us. We tried a few set-ups and they did not work but we put the car back in a known place and it came alive.

"The car was so enjoyable to drive. You go close to the walls in Turns 11 to 16 and you need to have that confidence to go to the limit and I had that confidence and am very pleased."

Sainz added: "P3 was where where were targeting to be but we could have been better. It is a big unknown how our car is going to compete in the heat, but if we can push ahead that could bring us to the podium and be a great result.

"I think the Red Bull is very quick but with everyone else it is going to be a good fight with Fernando, the Mercedes, I think it is going to be an exciting race."

Mercedes were not the only big-name team struggling. McLaren had a dire session, with Lando Norris and Oscar Piastri knocked out early on and lining up 16th and 19th.

The result underlined the difficult position the team find themselves in at the start of this season and was an illustration of why they are restructuring the team.

This weekend, it has emerged that they have brought back former IndyCar champion Gil de Ferran, their sporting director from 2018-21, in a consultancy role, to help them identify how they can get themselves back on track.

British-born Thai Alex Albon had a good session for Williams, starting 11th. And after an error-strewn weekend in Baku, Alpha Tauri rookie Nyck de Vries out-qualified team-mate Yuki Tsunoda for the first time this season and lines up 15th.
• None Can you answer these game show questions? Test yourself in this fun quiz
• None Who killed Michaela McAreavey on her honeymoon? The tragic murder of an Irish sporting icon's daughter reinvestigated

Llyr Gruffydd (pictured centre) and Adam Price (right) took part in the National Council meeting on Saturday

Plaid Cymru's interim leader has said he and others should have acted differently to past concerns raised about its culture of misogyny, sexual harassment and bullying.

Llyr Gruffydd suggested allegations had been raised with him.

But it was "not in a way where I felt that there was merit in pursuing them with the vigour and the sensitivity... that maybe should have been the case".

"We all could have, we all should have done more," he said.

"And that's why it's hurting."

Mr Gruffydd is taking over as acting leader until a permanent replacement is found for Adam Price, who has stood down.

It comes after a highly critical report found a culture of bullying, harassment and misogyny within Plaid Cymru

Mr Gruffydd, a North Wales Member of the Senedd (MS), was confirmed in the role at a meeting of the party's national council in Aberystwyth, Ceredigion, on Saturday.

He will officially start in the role on Wednesday.

Candidates have until 16 June to put their names forward to become the new leader.

Llyr Gruffydd's position as interim leader was confirmed on Saturday

Asked if he was aware of the culture described in the report, Mr Gruffydd said: "Well, we're all shocked, I think, by the report.

"There are rumours, there are hearsay, and that's true of all workplaces, that's true of wider society."

Pushed on whether he heard specific allegations from individuals, he replied: "No, not in a way where I felt that there was merit in pursuing them with the vigour and the sensitivity, maybe, that some of us are reflecting on, that maybe should've been the case at the time.

"When you default to make a formal complaint, if you're a victim or an alleged victim, you're effectively throwing it back at them, aren't you?

"You're effectively telling the victim, 'well, you make the complaint.'

"Now, that isn't the culture, that isn't the spirit, that isn't the supportive environment that we should be creating to help people to come forward when these issues happen," he added.

Cefin Campbell, Plaid Cymru MS for Mid and West Wales, said previously that "many of us have been active bystanders".

Mr Gruffydd acknowledged: "This is the collective responsibility. We all could have, we all should have done more, and that's why it's hurting.

"But in that hurting we need to take that learning."

A highly critical report found a culture of bullying, harassment and misogyny within Plaid Cymru

Alun Ffred Jones, a former Plaid chairman, said those responsible for inappropriate behaviour should leave the party.

Mr Jones said anyone involved "should reflect" on their position.

The Prosiect Pawb (Everyone's Project) report said "too many instances of bad behaviour" had been tolerated in the party.

An anonymous survey of staff and elected members highlighted examples "of sexual harassment, bullying and discrimination".

Mr Jones, a former assembly member and Welsh government minister, said anyone who was involved should leave the party.

"If you are responsible for serious inappropriate behaviour, whatever that may be, and I have no idea what that may be, then you have to reflect on your position," he said.

Commenting on suggestions that Plaid is not united, he added: "You have to remember what the main purpose of the party is and not fight turf wars on what may be other issues or side issues."

Welsh government Social Justice Minister Jane Hutt said the Labour group met on Thursday to discuss the party's own procedures, and First Minister Mark Drakeford had written to all members.

"I came into politics to address these issues so as women in powerful positions in the Senedd, we've got to take this as an opportunity for real change," she said.

Tom Giffard, Welsh Conservative MS for South Wales West, said: "The report had a lot of shocking conclusions and allegations and, ultimately, 82 recommendations does suggest that there is a problem here for Plaid Cymru.

"But it would be complacent for us or any other parties to think that this is a problem that's contained in one party.

"We've got to look now at our structures and make sure that we've got the structures in place so that people also feel confident to come forward.

"I think they do but we need to find out whether that view is shared," he added.

Dr Elin Royles from Aberystwyth University said there were substantial challenges ahead for Plaid.

"Some of the things that we've heard since the report's been produced suggest some people from the grassroots within the party haven't quite appreciated how fundamental some of those challenges are," she said.

"It does require full-blown culture change within the party to address some of those issues."

Politics Wales was on BBC One Wales at 1000 BST Sunday 14 May and then on BBC iPlayer

Budget airline Ryanair has reported its first profit since the pandemic as fares and passenger numbers rebounded.

The carrier's profits hit €1.43bn (£1.24bn) in the year to March, with average fares up by 50% to €41.

However, the airline warned its fuel costs were set to jump in the next year due to high oil prices.

Ryanair boss Michael O'Leary said current fares were "significantly" higher than a year ago, when demand was hit by Russia's invasion of Ukraine.

Aviation expert John Strickland, from JLS Consulting, told the BBC's Today programme that fares could increase even more, with a family of four seeing costs rise by "another £20 or £30".

However, he said these rises were unlikely to put people off travelling.

"If you talk about, let's say, a 10% increase or even a 15% or 20% increase, we're only talking about a few pounds, maybe five, six, seven in increased costs," he said.

"While that's not nothing, I don't believe that's going to be a showstopper in terms of demand."

Ryanair saw passenger numbers rebound by 74% to 168.6 million last year as the demand for travel continued to recover.

The airline, which is due to operate its biggest ever schedule of flights this summer with 3,000 daily flights, is expecting to take delivery of 300 new Boeing aircraft by 2037.

Mr O'Leary said demand to travel this summer is "robust and peak summer 2023 fares are trending ahead of last year".

Despite the high fuel costs, he said he was "cautiously optimistic" that this would be covered by higher revenues, delivering a "modest year-on-year profit increase".

Last week, rival airline EasyJet reported pre-tax losses of £411m for the six months to the end of March this year.

But its boss Johan Lundgren said the business was entering the summer "with confidence" after it flew more than 33 million customers during that period, up 41% compared with the same time last year.

Passengers are also paying more to fly with EasyJet - the average ticket price paid was £61, up 24% on a year earlier.

Recent figures from the International Air Transport Association (IATA) suggest airline ticket prices have only just caught up with the average inflation rate in the OECD, and have risen at a lower rate than increases in jet fuel prices.

IATA said this was "especially challenging for airlines considering that the cost of jet fuel accounts for 25% to 30% of their operating costs".

While oil prices are falling globally, "fuel hedging" - where jet fuel is bought at a fixed price for later delivery - is commonplace within the aviation industry. As a result, airlines may be paying higher fuel prices for longer depending on when they fixed their costs.

Wagner fighters managed to take control over Rostov-on-Don - a Russian city - during their short-lived mutiny

Wagner mercenary group head Yevgeniy Prigozhin has rejected an offer to his fighters to serve as a unit in Russia's army, President Vladimir Putin says.

He told Kommersant newspaper that many group commanders had backed the plan to be led by a senior Wagner figure during recent talks in Moscow.

He said Prigozhin's reply was "the guys do not agree with this decision".

The talks were held just days after Wagner's aborted mutiny on 23-24 June that challenged Mr Putin's authority.

Under the deal that ended the short-lived rebellion, the mercenaries were told they could join the regular Russian army or head to Belarus, a close ally of Russia.

Wagner has fought some of the bloodiest battles since Russia launched its full-scale invasion of Ukraine in February 2022.

However, the US military now assesses that the group is no longer "participating in any significant capacity in support of combat operations in Ukraine".

The comments were made on Thursday by Pentagon spokesman Pat Ryder, who also said that "the majority" of Wagner fighters were believed to still be in areas of Russian-occupied Ukraine.

In a separate development, Belarus' defence ministry said on Friday that Wagner fighters were now acting as military instructors for the country's territorial defence forces.

The ministry said the fighters were training Belarusian forces "in a number of military disciplines" near the town of Osipovichy, about 85km (53 miles) south-east of the capital Minsk.

In Thursday's interview with Kommersant business daily, President Putin said that 35 Wagner commanders, including Prigozhin, had been present at the Kremlin meeting on 29 June.

Mr Putin said he had offered them several "employment options", including continued service under the command of a senior Wagner commander known by his nom de guerre Sedoi - Grey Hair.

"Many [Wagner fighters] were nodding when I was saying this," Mr Putin said.

"And Prigozhin, who was sitting in front and didn't see all this, said after listening: 'No, the guys do not agree with this decision,'" the president added.

He also said that "Wagner does not exist" when asked whether the group would be preserved as a fighting unit. "There is no law on private military organisations. It just doesn't exist."

This "difficult issue" of how to legalise Wagner fighters should be discussed in parliament, Mr Putin suggested.

The Kremlin appears to want to differentiate between the Wagner chief and regular Wagner fighters, driving a wedge between them, says the BBC's Russia editor Steve Rosenberg in Moscow.

He adds that this would explain the attempts in Russia's state media to discredit Prigozhin.

The current whereabouts of Prigozhin, a former Putin loyalist, are unknown.

Also on Thursday, US President Joe Biden said Prigozhin should be careful of poisoning following the mutiny.

"God only knows what he's likely to do. We're not even sure where he is and what relationship he has [with Mr Putin]. If I were he, I'd be careful what I ate. I'd keep my eye on my menu," Mr Biden said.

Speaking after a summit with Nordic leaders in Helsinki, he also said there was no possibility of Mr Putin winning the war in Ukraine.

"He's already lost that war," the president said.

Mr Biden suggested that the Russian president would eventually "decide it's not in the interest of Russia, economically, politically or otherwise to continue this war. But I can't predict exactly how that happens."

He also expressed the "hope and expectation" that Ukraine would make enough progress in its current counter-offensive for there to be a negotiated peace settlement.

But more than a month into the long-planned Ukrainian counter-offensive, some Ukrainians and their allies are expressing concerns over the slow progress of Kyiv's troops.

Others believe that Russia's defences will eventually shatter, allowing Ukraine to seize strategically significant territory and to advance towards Crimea, Ukraine's southern peninsula annexed by Russia in 2014.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: The day Wagner chief went rogue... in 96 seconds

Ukraine has long asked Western allies to provide more military assistance to help it fight back against the Russian invasion.

Although it did not get a solid timeframe for Nato membership at this week's summit in Lithuania, it did receive from G7 members a long-term security framework to help guard against Russian aggression.

On Thursday, Ukrainian army commander Oleksandr Tarnavskyi told US broadcaster CNN that the military had received the first consignment of cluster munitions promised by the US in a controversial move.

He stressed that they would make a difference to Ukraine's fortunes on the front line. "We just got them, we haven't used them yet, but they can radically change [the battlefield]," Mr Tarnavskyi said.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

A major clean-up effort is under way in Australia after millions of fish died in a river in western New South Wales (NSW).

Fish will be cleared from "high density areas", but it will not be possible to remove all the carcasses, police say.

The deaths are thought to have been caused by low oxygen levels in the river after a recent heatwave.

An emergency hub has been set up in the town of Menindee in western NSW to co-ordinate the response and monitor water quality.

Describing the operation as "very challenging and significant", NSW Police Commander Brett Greentree said the event was "unprecedented in terms of the millions of fish which have died."

"The water supply via the treatment plant works Menindee is monitored 24/7… I'm comfortable we're in a good spot regards to water quality at the moment," he told reporters.

Commander Greentree said contractors with specialised skills would use "a netting procedure" to remove the fish.

"But I need to be very upfront with the community and say 'will every fish be removed?' I don't think so, from the information I've had," he added.

Posting a Facebook video showing rotting fish lining the riverbank, local resident Graeme McCrabb wrote "the worst is still coming".

The mass death of fish was first reported on Friday.

Temperatures in the area reached 40C (104F) at the weekend.

Meanwhile, volunteers from conservation charity OzFish have begun a search and rescue operation to retrieve as many surviving native fish from the river as possible.

Describing the smell as "putrid", Braeden Lampard told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation his team were transferring rescued fish to a holding tank.

He estimated 85% of the dead fish were native species such as Bony Bream and Golden Perch, with the rest consisting of non-native types such as carp.

Cassie Price, OzFish's director of programs, said most of the floating remains would sink to the river bed within 48 hours.

"It would be pretty unlikely to get most of [fish] biomass out of the river. It will sink down, which will cause a bit of a nutrient spike, which is not good for the water quality either," she told the BBC.

"It's likely to cause algal blooms, which will cause more issues for a while," she added.

The deaths were caused by hypoxic blackwater, a naturally occurring phenomenon which causes extremely low oxygen levels, police said.

State government agencies said they were releasing higher quality water to boost dissolved oxygen levels, and would work with federal agencies to find the underlying cause.

The latest event follows another mass fish die-off in the same area that occurred in similar conditions in 2018.

The Darling-Baaka River forms part of the Murray-Darling Basin, which is Australia's largest river system.

Its ecosystem has faced pressure from drought and increased human use in recent years, while last year brought severe flooding after intense rainfall and storms.

Authorities said the latest die-off had been exacerbated by "significantly increased numbers of fish in the system" as floodwaters receded.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.
• None Millions of dead fish wash up in Australian town

Rico Burton, 31, died in hospital after he was stabbed in Altrincham

A man has been found guilty of murdering the cousin of world heavyweight boxing champion Tyson Fury with a knife during a bar brawl.

Liam O'Pray, 22, was convicted of fatally stabbing Rico Burton, 31, in Altrincham, last year.

Manchester Crown Court heard the seven-inch blade almost completely severed a major artery in Mr Burton's neck causing massive blood loss.

O'Pray, of Salford, had denied murder during the trial.

He was found guilty by a jury of seven women and five men after three-and-a-half hours of deliberations following a three-week trial.

Relatives of Mr Burton, who packed the public gallery, shouted "yes" as the guilty verdict was delivered.

O'Pray, who made no reaction in the dock, was also found guilty of wounding with intent by slashing and stabbing Harvey Reilly, who was 17 at the time and now 18, during the same incident on 22 August last year.

The trial was told trouble began after a fight between the defendant's friends and Mr Burton's family and friends at Goose Green, a courtyard of bars in Altrincham, Cheshire.

Door staff and witnesses told the trial that O'Pray had been a "loose cannon" and was "very erratic" that night.

Jurors heard that shortly after 03:00 BST, "absolute chaos" broke out after O'Pray's friend, Malachi Hewitt-Brown, was punched by Mr Burton's cousin, Chasiah Burton.

Soon after, O'Pray struck the fatal blow with the knife to the left side of Rico Burton's neck.

Jurors heard that O'Pray had a previous conviction for having a knife in public in 2019, but he claimed to be "not a violent person."

Outside court, Harvey Reilly's mother Sarah said the families were now going to "put time and strength and effort into campaigning against knife crime".She added: "It is every day. It needs to stop. There are laws and legislation that exists that are not being used, it needs to be policed more robustly."

Nicola Carter, senior crown prosecutor for the North West, said this case was "yet another example of the fatal consequences of carrying knives".She added: "I can only hope that knowing O'Pray has been brought to justice will provide some comfort to their family and friends. My thoughts are with them."

Judge Alan Conrad KC said he will pass sentence on 4 August, but the defendant is facing a mandatory life sentence for murder.

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

Plans for the NFT for Britain were launched when Rishi Sunak was chancellor

Plans for a government backed non-fungible token (NFT) produced by the Royal Mint have been dropped, the Treasury has announced.

Rishi Sunak ordered the creation of a "NFT for Britain" that could be traded online, while chancellor in April 2022.

NFTs are assets in the digital world that can be bought and sold, but which have no physical form of their own.

The Royal Mint announced it was "not proceeding with the launch" following a consultation with the Treasury.

Economic Secretary Andrew Griffiths said the department would keep the proposal "under review".

NFTs have been touted as the digital answer to collectables, but some sceptics fear they could be a bubble waiting to burst. They have been used as speculative assets and some have sold for millions of dollars.

Responding to the announcement, Harriet Baldwin, chair of the Treasury Select Committee, said: "We have not yet seen a lot of evidence that our constituents should be putting their money in these speculative tokens unless they are prepared to lose all their money.

"So perhaps that is why the Royal Mint has made this decision in conjunction with the Treasury."

NFTs are unique units of digital data that use the same "blockchain" technology behind cryptocurrencies - such as Bitcoin. The records cannot be forged because the blockchain ledger is maintained by thousands of computers around the world.

The digital tokens, which emerged in 2014, can be thought of as certificates of ownership for virtual or physical assets, and can be bought using traditional currency or cryptocurrency.

The Treasury is working to regulate some cryptocurrencies and had planned to enter the NFT market as part of a wider bid to make the UK a hub for digital payment companies.

In April 2022, the then-chancellor Mr Sunak said: "We want to see the [cryptocurrency] businesses of tomorrow - and the jobs they create - here in the UK, and by regulating effectively we can give them the confidence they need to think and invest long-term."

Among the best-known NFTs are a series known as the "Bored Ape Yacht Club", which give the bearer ownership over a unique picture of a cartoon ape. Prices of the NFTs plummeted last year after crypto exchange FTX went bankrupt.

A selection of your pictures of Scotland sent in between 17 and 24 March.

Send your photos to scotlandpictures@bbc.co.uk. Please ensure you adhere to the BBC's rules regarding photographs that can be found here.

Please also ensure you take your pictures safely and responsibly.

Conditions of use: If you submit an image, you do so in accordance with the BBC's terms and conditions.

Graham Halliday stopped off at Cove in the Scottish Borders on Mother's Day to explore this "hidden gem".

A starfish on Isle of Eriska beach captured by Elaine Douglas.

David Crawford took this picture of his wife and two boys at the cycle track tunnel in Kilbarchan and reckons it looks like an album cover.

Emma Legge was "spellbound" watching the bears at Camperdown Wildlife Centre in Dundee.

Gerry McGuire was on his way to the National Museum of Scotland when he spotted the well-rubbed nose of Greyfriars Bobby.

A walk along the coast at St Abb's Head produced this photo by James Anderson.

"We counted 10 frogs in our little wildlife pond located in south west Edinburgh," says Heather Hartley.

"An abandoned boot adorns the top of the unusual cairn at the summit of Fell Hill, near Loch Urr in Dumfries and Galloway," says Michael Muir.

The Ocean Youth Trust Scotland yacht Alba Venturer sailing off Gourock and captured by Richard McGavigan.

Jennifer Laing took this image of HMS Montrose arriving at Montrose for a final visit before being decommissioned in April.

"Mallaig harbour entrance light covered in waves during 60mph winds this week," says Arthur Campbell.

The waves crashing into the harbour at Gardenstown from Derek McEwan.

Jane Sayliss says the view was "stunning all round" from the hill above Poolewe in Wester Ross.

"Getting your ducks in a row in Queens Park, Glasgow," says Bettina Miller.

"Looking back on the grey clouds in Peebles over a footbridge over the River Tweed," says Emily Wilson.

Graham Christie submitted this image of the view from Kings House Hotel of River Etive and Buachaille Etive Mor.

A driftwood palm tree sculpture on Portobello Beach at sunrise from Kath Thomson.

And walking on water at Portobello Beach from Jon Davey.

"Great to see ladybirds starting to appear. Hopefully, spring isn't far behind," says Paul Fraser from Callander.

"Quaint cottages on the walk down to Crail Harbour," says Debi Bell.

"We stopped for a quick lunch break at Portpatrick on Thursday," says Elaine Scott. "Looked lovely in the sunshine but was also rather blustery."

Hazel Thomson from Elgin says this female Stonechat was "blending in nicely with the rusty old seat".

Goat Fell from Ayr sent in by Don Grant.

"While on the tour at Dalwhinnie Distillery in the Cairngorms, I was struck by the contrast of the light through the window into the gloom of the warehouse," says Alison Stewart.

Please ensure that the photograph you send is your own and if you are submitting photographs of children, we must have written permission from a parent or guardian of every child featured (a grandparent, auntie or friend will not suffice).

In contributing to BBC News you agree to grant us a royalty-free, non-exclusive licence to publish and otherwise use the material in any way, including in any media worldwide.

However, you will still own the copyright to everything you contribute to BBC News.

At no time should you endanger yourself or others, take any unnecessary risks or infringe the law.

You can find more information here.

All photos are subject to copyright.

A US country star has denied claims his new music video is an anti-Black Lives Matter anthem that promotes vigilante gun violence.

Jason Aldean's Try That In A Small Town was pulled off air on Monday by Country Music Television, days after its release.

On Twitter, Aldean, 46, rejected the criticism, calling it "meritless" and "dangerous".

The song was released in May, but the video came out last Friday and quickly began to draw a backlash.

The three-minute production features clips of masked protesters, Molotov cocktails and a burning American flag as well as CCTV of robberies.

"Well, try that in a small town, see how far ya make it down the road," Aldean sings.

The lyrics also refer to "a gun that my granddad gave me" and communities "full of good ol' boys, raised up right".

The video was filmed in front of a courthouse in Columbia, Tennessee. Critics noted that a white mob lynched a young black man, Henry Choate, from the building in 1927.

But Aldean said on Twitter on Tuesday that the song has nothing to do with race and is instead a celebration of small-town values.

"In the past 24 hours I have been accused of releasing a pro-lynching song (a song that has been out since May) and was subject to the comparison that I (direct quote) was not too pleased with the nationwide BLM protests," he said.

"These references are not only meritless, but dangerous."

The award-winning country music artist was speaking a day after his video was dropped from air by Country Music Television.

"Try That in a Small Town, for me," he tweeted, "refers to the feeling of a community that I had growing up, where we took care of our neighbors, regardless of differences of background or belief."

Following Aldean's post, Sheryl Crow tweeted: "I'm from a small town. Even people in small towns are sick of violence. There's nothing small-town or American about promoting violence."

"This is not American or small town-like. It's just lame," Crow, 61, added.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Tennessee legislator Justin Jones, a pro-gun control activist, tweeted: "We have an obligation to condemn Jason Aldean's heinous song calling for racist violence. What a shameful vision of gun extremism and vigilantism."

But fans of Aldean rallied to his defence.

One comment on the YouTube video accused the media of celebrating rap songs glorifying violence, "but a video by a country singer about self defense and neighbors looking out for each other is banned".

In his tweet, Aldean cited his 2017 performance at an outdoor music festival in Las Vegas where a gunman opened fire from a hotel room, killing 58 people.

"NO ONE, including me, wants to continue to see senseless headlines or families ripped apart," said Aldean, a vocal conservative.

On Wednesday, Try That In A Small Town was number one on Apple's iTunes download chart.

Humza Yousaf has warned the public about carbon monoxide poisoning

Humza Yousaf has paid tribute to an Edinburgh man who died from suspected carbon monoxide poisoning.

Jaime Carsi, 40, was found dead at his holiday home in Spain. His wife Mary Somerville, 39, is understood to be in a serious condition in hospital.

The first minister has echoed calls for holidaymakers to pack "life-saving" detectors when they travel abroad.

All homes in Scotland must have a detector in any room with a carbon-fuelled appliance.

Mr Carsi and Ms Somerville were staying at a rural property in Cala Mesquida in the north east of Majorca.

Local newspaper Ultima Hora reported the couple had married two weeks before the incident.

At FMQs, SNP MSP Clare Adamson warned that regulations for carbon monoxide alarms are inconsistent overseas.

She highlighted advice from organisations such as the Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents and the Safer Tourism Foundation which says Scots should consider a carbon monoxide alarm as "essential holiday packing".

Mr Carsi, 40, was an analyst for a Scottish investment management firm

Humza Yousaf agreed and said: "My thoughts are with, of course, the family of Jamie Carsi and indeed with his wife Mary."

He added: "And of course with their friends, their family and the community that will be deeply saddened and rocked by these events."

The first minister said carbon monoxide detectors can give "life-saving" warnings.

"Fitting one of these detectors is vital for safety - it could quite literally save your life," he told MSPs.

Mr Yousaf encouraged Scots to find out more about carbon monoxide poisoning.

Scotland became the first nation in the UK to legally require every home to have interlinked smoke alarms in February 2022.

The legislation was introduced in 2019 following the Grenfell disaster but was delayed until 2022 due to the coronavirus pandemic.

Stephen Boden and Shannon Marsden are standing trial at Derby Crown Court

The mother of a baby who died on Christmas Day told detectives the child's father inflicted his fatal injuries, a court has heard.

Shannon Marsden, 22, and Stephen Boden, 29, are accused of murdering 10-month-old Finley Boden in 2020, weeks after he was placed back in their care.

A post-mortem examination found 71 individual bruises on the baby as well as two burn marks.

He also suffered a number of fractures to his pelvis, shoulder and ankle.

Jurors at Derby Crown Court were read extracts from one of Miss Marsden's interviews with police, which were held after she was arrested on suspicion of murder.

The court heard she told police that Mr Boden mostly cared for Finley - bathing, feeding and changing him almost all the time.

She told the interviewer she had not noticed Finley's injuries, despite a post-mortem examination finding some of them dated back weeks before his death.

"I think it is technically my fault because I didn't see any injuries," she told detectives.

Jurors heard Miss Marsden "didn't really care" for Finley, with her saying she would prepare his clothes and feeds before Mr Boden took over.

When pressed on who injured the baby, despite initially saying she "didn't know", she later said: "Stephen did it."

She added: "Why would I want to hurt my own child?"

The court was told toxicology tests showed cannabis was found in Finley's blood, indicating that he must have inhaled smoke in the 24 hours before his death.

Both parents said they did not smoke cannabis inside the house, but blood tests showed them both to be "heavy regular users", the court heard.

Both Miss Marsden, of no fixed address, and Mr Boden, of Romford Way in Barrow Hill, Chesterfield, deny murder, two counts of child cruelty, and two charges of causing or allowing the death of a child.

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, on Twitter, or on Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Twitter chief executive Elon Musk has apologised over an exchange he had on the platform with an employee.

It came after worker Halli Thorleifsson tweeted to Mr Musk saying: "Your head of HR is not able to confirm if I am employed or not".

Mr Musk responded by asking: "What work have you been doing?"

After a series of follow up questions and answers Mr Thorleifsson said he received an email confirming that he had been fired.

Mr Musk followed that Twitter conversation with a tweet on Tuesday describing Mr Thorleifsson as "the worst" before deleting it.

But in an apparent change of heart, Mr Musk took to the platform a few hours later to apologise - and appeared to offer Mr Thorleifsson his job back.

"I would like to apologise to Halli for my misunderstanding of his situation. It was based on things I was told that were untrue or, in some cases, true, but not meaningful."

"He is considering remaining at Twitter," he added.

On Monday, Mr Thorleifsson told the BBC exclusively that he could not get an answer from Twitter's human resources department on whether or not he had been sacked.

"My theory is they made a mistake and are now looking for anything they can find to make this a "for cause" firing to avoid having to fulfil their contractual obligations," he said.

Mr Thorleifsson, who sold his creative agency Ueno to Twitter in 2021, did not want to say how much he was paid for the company. However, there is speculation that Twitter would have to pay him a considerable amount upon his departure from the firm.

Mr Thorleifsson has muscular dystrophy and has campaigned in Iceland for better wheelchair access.

According to local reports, when he sold his company to Twitter he structured the deal deliberately to pay a high rate of tax to the Icelandic government.

Last year, he was voted person of the year in Iceland by four media outlets.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Halli This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Some of Mr Thorleifsson's former colleagues could not understand why he had been singled out for such public criticism.

Photographer Daniel Houghton tweeted "As someone who has worked directly with Halli Thorleifsson during a turnaround, this is super disappointing to see. Not only is his work ethic next level, his talent and humility are world class."

Mr Musk replied: "Based on your comment, I just did a video call with Halli to figure out what's real vs what I was told. It's a long story. Better to talk to people than communicate via tweet."

After apologising, Mr Musk said that Mr Thorleifsson was considering coming back to Twitter. The BBC has not spoken to Mr Thorleifsson since Mr Musk's apology.

Mr Thorleifsson had previously told the BBC the situation was "strange" and "extremely stressful".

The BBC has asked Twitter for further comment but the company did not immediately respond.

James Clayton is the BBC's North America technology reporter based in San Francisco. Follow him on Twitter @jamesclayton5.

More than 171 trillion pieces of plastic are now estimated to be floating in the world's oceans, according to scientists.

Plastic kills fish and sea animals and takes hundreds of years to break down into less harmful materials.

The concentration of plastics in the oceans has increased from 16 trillion pieces in 2005, data suggests.

It could nearly triple by 2040 if no action is taken, scientists warn.

Last week, nations signed the historic UN High Seas treaty aiming to protect 30% of the oceans.

To produce this new estimate, a group of scientists analysed records starting in 1979 and added recent data collected on expeditions that trawl the seas with nets to collect plastics.

The plastic counted in nets is then added to a mathematical model to produce a global estimate.

The 171 trillion pieces are made up of both recently discarded plastics and older pieces that have broken down, lead author Dr Marcus Eriksen from the 5 Gyres Institute told BBC News.

Single-use plastics like bottles, packaging, fishing equipment or other items break down over time into smaller pieces due to sunlight or mechanical degradation.

Wildlife like whales, seabirds, turtles and fish mistake plastic for their prey and can die of starvation as plastic fills their stomachs.

They also make their way into our drinking water, and microplastics have been found in human lungs, veins and the placenta.

Scientists say we do not yet know enough about whether microplastics negatively affect human health.

The concentration of plastics in the oceans has significantly increased from around 16 trillion pieces in 2005 to 171 trillion in 2019.

Before 2005 the concentrations fluctuated. Dr Eriksen says scientists are not sure why this is, but it could be explained by stronger legislation being replaced by voluntary agreements, the breakdown of plastics, or the fact that less data was collected.

Prof Richard Thompson at Plymouth university, who was not involved in the study, said the estimate adds to what scientists know about marine pollution.

"We are all agreed there is too much plastic in the ocean. We urgently need to move to solutions-focused research," he told BBC News.

The highest concentration of ocean plastic is currently in the Mediterranean Sea, with some large floating masses found elsewhere including the Great Pacific Garbage Patch.

The authors also suggest that the changing levels of pollution before 2000 may be due to the effectiveness of treaties or policies that govern pollution.

In the 1980s several legally-binding international agreements mandated countries to stop discarding fishing and naval plastics in the oceans, as well as to clean up certain amounts.

These were later followed by voluntary agreements which the authors say may have been less effective, and could explain the rise in plastics from around 2000 onwards.

The authors argue that solutions must focus on reducing the amount of plastic produced and used, rather than cleaning up oceans and recycling plastics because this is less likely to stop the flow of pollution.

The research was published in the scientific journal PLOS ONE.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: How old fishing nets are being recycled - and helping save the oceans

British sailors, Royal Marines and a US Coast Guard team on HMS Trent intercepted a smuggling speedboat

The Royal Navy has seized nearly £17m worth of drugs after it intercepted smuggling speedboats in the Caribbean Sea.

Across two operations, HMS Trent seized 200kg of cocaine and other drugs with an estimated street value of £16.7 million.

He said it showed the Navy's commitment to "disrupt and dismantle" drug traffickers.

British sailors, Royal Marines and a US Coast Guard team on HMS Trent intercepted a smuggling speedboat immediately following a port visit to the island of Martinique, according to the Ministry of Defence (MoD).

It added the HMS Trent warship launched fast sea boats, piloted by Royal Marines of 47 Commando, to intercept the speedboat, seize the drugs and detain the crew before darkness fell.

Less than 48 hours later, HMS Trent worked with a US Coast Guard patrol aircraft to track and intercept another speedboat, the MoD said.

HMS Trent is mainly used for tackling piracy and smuggling, protecting fisheries, counter-terrorism, providing humanitarian aid, and search and rescue operations

HMS Trent has seized drugs worth £307m since it began operating in the Caribbean at the end of 2023.

In February, £221m worth of cocaine and other drugs was seized, in addition to £70m in January.

Commanding Officer Tim Langford said: "The flexibility shown by my ship's company to move straight from high-level defence engagement activity in Martinique straight into successful boarding operations is a testament to their dedication and professionalism.

"The level of co-operation between the Royal Navy, US Coast Guard and other partners has been excellent, and has been key to making these seizures possible."

HMS Trent left its home port of Gibraltar in early December for Guyana in a show of diplomatic and military support for the former British colony.

It came at a time when neighbouring Venezuela renewed its claim for a disputed part of Guyanese territory that is rich in oil and minerals.

HMS Trent is mainly used for tackling piracy and smuggling, protecting fisheries, counterterrorism, providing humanitarian aid, and search and rescue operations, but the Royal Navy says it is also designed for border patrols and defence diplomacy.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Heatwaves: Are lower temperatures around the corner?

US President Joe Biden has announced measures to try to tackle the effects of extreme heat as 180 million Americans are under heat watches and warnings.

Major cities including Boston, Philadelphia, and Washington DC, were under heat emergencies on Thursday.

The striking actors' union Sag-Aftra was forced to pause picket lines amid New York City's excessive heat warning.

The extreme heat is expected to last through the weekend.

"I don't think anybody can deny the impact of climate change anymore," President Biden said on Thursday at a White House press conference.

He unveiled new measures designed to help workers most vulnerable to heat, increase funding for weather forecasting, and expand water storage capacity in the western states.

He also said the US Forest Service will award more than $1bn (£781m) in grants to help cities and towns plant trees, which can help lower temperatures in urban areas significantly.

Mr Biden said heat is the "number one weather-related killer" in the US, causing 600 deaths each year.

"The construction workers who literally risked their lives working all day in blazing heat, and in some places don't even have a right to take a water break, that's outrageous," he said.

Earlier this week, Texas Congressman Greg Casar held a food and water strike to protest against a Texas law overriding protection for people working outdoors in intense heat.

He cited the death of a 40-year-old postal worker who died on his route, and a 35-year-old believed to have died of heat exhaustion while working to restore power in Texas' Harrison County.

San Antonio Mayor Ron Nirenberg and Phoenix Mayor Kate Gallego joined Mr Biden at the event virtually on Thursday.

Mayor Gallego said: "Phoenix is on the front line of climate change."

She has been pushing for Congress to pass a bill adding extreme heat to the Federal Emergency Management Agency (Fema)'s list of major disaster qualifying events, which would aid response funding.

Mayor Nirenberg told BBC News San Antonio had seen unrelenting heat for consecutive years and it was a new "reality that we're having to face and accommodate through smarter infrastructure".

He added that "heat related illness calls for emergency response are up 50% just this year".

Heat indices across the East Coast are reaching over 100F (38C)

Critics said Mr Biden's measures do not go far enough, and that while these measures are important, climate change will continue to worsen without addressing the use of fossil fuels.

Sweltering humidity is exacerbating the high temperatures in some parts of the US, increasing the heat index - or what the temperature feels like to humans when humidity is combined with the air temperature.

In Washington, DC, and New York City, temperatures are expected to feel like 107F (41C) and 105F (40C) respectively, on Friday.

One subway cleaning worker, Jessica, told the BBC on Thursday that "it feels like the world is ending".

Her job requires her to be in a non-airconditioned environment most of the time.

She said, "It's horrible, it's torturous. I try to take cooling and water breaks when I can."

East coast night-time lows between now and the weekend will be as much as 10 to 15 degrees Fahrenheit above average for the region, according to the National Weather Service (NWS).

The largest US power grid operator, PJM, issued a level one emergency on Thursday for the 13-state eastern US grid in anticipation of an increased demand for electricity.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

And record-breaking heat continues to bake the Southwest and Central US.

Phoenix, Arizona, has now endured 28 consecutive days with the mercury at or above 110F (43C).

The evenings have offered little respite - overnight temperatures have not dropped below 90F (32C) for at least 16 days.

El Paso, Texas, has surpassed even Phoenix, hitting 42 consecutive days of temperatures at or above 100F (38C) on Thursday.

In addition to the scorching weather, some parts of the US are facing intense thunderstorm systems.

Some 180,000 people are without power in Michigan after a storm soaked the region and downed power lines on Wednesday.

The Upper Midwest and Great Lakes are forecast to get more thunderstorms, which could bring 75-mph winds and golf-ball-sized hail, on Thursday afternoon into Friday.

Those storms will then spread into the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic late Friday into Saturday, the NWS predicts - bringing damaging winds, hail and possible flash flooding.

The big claim from Chancellor Jeremy Hunt is a modest one - we are no longer going into recession, and inflation will fall faster.

That is better news, relatively speaking, given the size of the shock to the economy from higher energy prices. But the big picture on living standards is that we are still in the middle of an historic fall. It is little wonder that Mr Hunt felt compelled to extend the largest part of the energy bill support that was due to run out.

But the big broad strategic decision the chancellor has made is to spend the windfall from better upfront growth in the economy to try to get the UK out of a slow growth mire.

The government has spent nearly all the extra revenue from better economic news, which means it has borrowed about £20bn a year to spend on trying to boost business investment, getting people back to work and extra defence.

The plans to boost growth look like microsurgery: several dozen measures, designed to unlock two key self-admitted problems - poor business investment, and getting the workforce back up to full strength. And that surgery has a notable timing - all frontloaded to provide as big a boost possible now, before the next general election.

There are some eye-catching thrusts into a high-tech future of a dozen Canary Wharfs situated near our biggest universities. Post-Brexit changes to trading rules are focused on five key sectors. Pharmaceuticals will get the fastest regulator in the world and automatically accept medicines approved in the US, EU and Japan, building on the Covid vaccine success.

But some of the biggest measures run out just after the election, and that's why the forecasts from the government's independent forecaster, the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR), show growth declining afterwards.

So it's maximising the bang for the buck early, trying to get a deliverable, visible, noticeable impact for voters by the time of the election, which we're expecting by late 2024.

In fact in the small print of the OBR report it says that because the changes to corporation tax are a temporary measures "we have assumed that the Budget measure has no long run impact on the capital stock" and "all the additional investment is ultimately displaced from future years".

So you get a pre-election boom in business investment and then it falls below the level that it would have done without the policy, with "no overall impact" on total investment.

Peter Bol denies cheating - he and experts raise questions about the integrity of some tests

When runner Peter Bol edged ahead of the pack during the men's 800m final at the Tokyo Olympics, it felt like the whole of Australia was cheering him on.

Bol - a Sudanese refugee who arrived in Australia aged eight - was the country's first finalist in the event in 53 years.

Despite slipping to fourth at the final stretch, Bol's gutsy race in 2021 cemented his status as the new darling of Australian sport.

He has continued to impress - but two months ago, his momentum for the next Olympics was shattered and his life upended by what he says are untrue allegations he is a drug cheat.

But Australia's anti-doping regime has also been accused of making "catastrophic blunders" in its handling of his case, which experts say could have ramifications globally.

In January, Bol was informed he had failed an out-of-competition drug test and was provisionally suspended - unable to compete or train.

He had returned a positive result for the banned substance erythropoietin.

Better known as EPO, it is a naturally occurring hormone. But when injected in its synthetic form, EPO is a form of blood doping which has been employed by athletes - most famously Lance Armstrong - to aid stamina and recovery.

Cyclist Lance Armstrong was stripped of his titles after it emerged he had used EPO

Bol immediately requested a fresh analysis of his sample, a process that is supposed to be private.

But a week later - just days before he was tipped to be named Young Australian of the Year - his initial result and subsequent suspension was leaked to the media. The runner took to social media to express his "shock".

"It is critically important to convey with the strongest conviction I am innocent and have not taken this substance as I am accused," he said in a statement.

A month later, on 14 February, his back-up sample returned an "atypical response" - meaning it was neither positive nor negative. Experts say it is rare that the two samples do not match.

Bol's provisional ban was lifted immediately, and the runner said he had been exonerated. "The relief I am feeling is hard to describe… the last month has been nothing less than a nightmare," he said in a statement.

But Sport Integrity Australia (SIA) said he had not been cleared and vowed to continue its investigation.

"An [atypical finding] is not the same as a negative test result," its statement said, adding it was not possible to say when the process would conclude.

Bol has said he is still waiting to be interviewed by SIA officials. But last week, his team said two independent laboratories had cleared Bol of ever injecting EPO.

An expert in Canada and a team in Norway analysed the results from Bol's samples. They both found the Australian Sports Drug Testing Laboratory (ASDTL) had erred in the way it performed the test and that it had also read the results incorrectly - mistaking naturally occurring EPO for synthetic.

They concluded Bol's initial sample should never have been deemed positive.

The ATSDL has 20 years of experience in EPO testing and is the only World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) approved facility in Australia, but Bol's lawyer Paul Greene accused it of "inexperience and incompetence". He demanded SIA drop its investigation and apologise for "catastrophic blunders".

Sporting Integrity Australia and the ASDTL did not answer the BBC's questions about the case.

Catherine Ordway, a sports lawyer and former director at Australia's anti-doping agency, says the situation appears damning and Bol's case could have "major ramifications for other cases around the world".

If the lab did make mistakes during the testing process it could jeopardise its accreditation, says Dr Ordway, who notes other facilities have previously lost permits over a single false positive.

But more importantly, Bol's case has revived doubts over the test itself. A confirmed bungle could call into question EPO test results dating back decades, Dr Ordway tells the BBC.

"The World Anti-Doping Agency expert group is of course saying the test is robust… but [there have been] some serious concerns about it for quite some time," she says.

There are two key ways EPO testing could go wrong, exercise physiologist and biochemist Rob Robergs tells the BBC.

A lot of drug tests are "incredibly sensitive" to small errors, the Queensland University of Technology academic says. But mistakes can also be made in the interpretation of EPO test results, as the process - unlike testing for many other banned substances - does not provide a simple yes or no answer.

Because EPO is a naturally occurring hormone, labs are trying to determine if there is any synthetic EPO.

"When they're making a judgement on that, it's subjective," Dr Ordway says. "They're trying to read it and say: 'Is it outside of normal range?' But how do we determine normal range?"

Some people - often high-performance athletes - have naturally elevated hormone levels, Dr Robergs points out. Others, including Bol himself, have speculated over whether the athlete's genetic and racial background could have affected his results.

It's hard to tell if any of those factors were considered when anti-doping authorities determined the acceptable range of EPO, Dr Robergs says.

"We just don't know… there's a lack of transparency."

Bol says his training ahead of next year's Olympics has been disrupted

Both Dr Ordway and Dr Robergs say Bol's case could undermine confidence in the global anti-doping system and say Wada should review of its current EPO testing procedures.

Both independent laboratories that analysed Bol's test results also suggested the Wada method for EPO testing needs to be amended.

"We need to maintain and restore the trust in the system. Otherwise, if you lose the trust of clean athletes, then the whole system falls down," Dr Ordway says.

But some say the saga should also prompt authorities to consider how they treat athletes accused of doping, given the imperfect nature of the science.

SIA has "very black and white" approach to anti-doping and are "ruthless" in their pursuit of perceived cheats, sports historian Stephen Townsend tells the BBC.

"This case casts doubt… on whether or not they should assume athlete guilt before they assume athlete innocence," says Dr Townsend, from the University of Queensland.

It's been a messy saga for both Bol and SIA, and any future resolution is unlikely to be much different, he says. "SIA are the sports police. It's their job to protect the sanctity of sport and protect this idea of a level playing field.

"Whilst they probably recognise that they don't have much chance of pursuing Bol for a doping violation in this case, they also cannot admit that they got it wrong."

That leaves Bol with a cloud over his head that he admits he may never be able to shake.

"There's always going to be speculations," Bol said an interview with Seven last month.

"[When] I perform well, people are going to think you're on the juice. And if I don't perform well, people are going to think you got off it."

A Wrexham fan from Argentina's Welsh-speaking area of Patagonia is desperate to get to the Racecourse next season.

David Mardones has been in love with Wales' oldest football team since 2019 - before the club's Hollywood takeover by Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney.

The Red Dragons are soaring again after sealing promotion back to the Football League after a 15-year absence.

David's only problem? He'll have to travel more than 7,000 miles (11,265 km) to get to a game.

The process that led to David becoming a Wrexham fan began in 1865, a year after the club was formed, when 153 Welsh pioneers set off for South America on a clipper ship called Mimosa.

The Welsh-speaking community established afterwards - Y Wladfa - has endured, with between 2,000 and 5,000 Argentines speaking Welsh to this day.

David takes great pride in being one of them.

"My connection to Wales comes from my mother's roots, she instilled in me the Welsh traditions," he said.

"The language is something that I learn every day, here in Patagonia we are committed to expanding both the culture and the language and to preserve it.

"My grandparents surname was Jones. One of them lived in the Patagonian mountain ranges at 16 de Octubre."

David lives in Dyffryn Camwy - The Camwy Valley - which is part of the province established by Welsh colonists in the 19th Century

The 16 de Octubre valley - or Cwm Hyfryd - is the name given by the Welsh settlers to the area of ​​Trevelin and its surroundings in Patagonia.

Now, David is looking to the future, as he passes on his passion for Wales to the next generation.

"My daughter is two years old. She has a Welsh name - Aderyn Bryn. She will be the one to continue honouring the Welsh culture in Patagonia," he said.

The Trevelin flag features the blue and white of Argentina's national flag and Y Ddraig Goch - the red dragon of Wales

David was contacted by some Wrexham locals after posting pictures on a Welsh Pride Facebook group.

"One of them - who is like my brother - is Tudur Dylan Jones. Talking to him a long time ago around 2019, he told me 'I am a fan of Wrexham, you must also become a fan, the first in Patagonia'," he said.

"I was excited about the idea and when we created the Y Wladfa Wrexham fan group, we began to have connections with many people.

"It is my dream to go to Wrexham and be at the Racecourse celebrating goals surrounded by fans. I think about it every day.

"There were hard seasons, the previous season we were close. This time it was completed. I shed tears of joy."

Wrexham's 3-2 win over title rivals Notts County - which cemented their position at the top of the National League after a Ben Foster penalty save - stands out in David's mind.

"I followed the game minute-by-minute on Google and through Facebook on the official page. I really had a lot of anticipation and expectation," he added.

David is now fundraising in his community for his trip to Wrexham.

David and Daniel Hughes (left) - president of the St David's Association in Patagonia - follow Wrexham religiously

Cefyn Burgess is a textile designer and artist from Bethesda, Gwynedd.

He was in Patagonia for the 150th anniversary of the Mimosa landing in 2015 to explore the relationship between the Welsh, Argentine and indigenous people.

"The connection to the Mimosa is a factor of their roots and identity and also an expression of their pride in the achievement of their forefathers in turning a desert into a promised land," he said.

"They are Argentinian first and foremost, but proudly Welsh."

Cefyn pictured in front of Trelew town hall before meeting the mayor

He added the association with the descendants of those from the Mimosa had given a strong sense of belonging to the people of Y Wladfa.

"This is evident in the strength of the eisteddfods, chapels, the gymanfa ganu and the flourishing Welsh schools," he added.

"Today, the Welsh community is a major tourist destination to experience the Welsh tea rooms with their own version of Bara Brith (Torte Negra) and listen to the Welsh choirs."

But how does a Patagonian eisteddfod compare?

"A very different experience, lively vibrant and chaotic at times, enthusiastic and a wonderful blending of Argentinian and Welsh music, dance and poetry," Cefyn said.

They have their own version of Bara Brith (Torte Negra) in Patagonia

Beth Owen was part of the first team to go to Patagonia post-Covid on the British Council's Welsh-language project.

The adult Welsh tutor from Bridgend was there from August to December last year.

"I took part in three eisteddfods over there," she said.

"They have a Spanish and Welsh reciting which is lovely.

"They've still got a strong Spanish identity but they are very proud of their Welsh identity as well.

"Even if they spoke no Welsh, they would talk about their Welsh blood."

Beth Owen lived in Patagonia for four months

The biggest shock - and moment of pride - for Beth came at the end of the school day.

"The children sing the Welsh national anthem at the end of each day," she said.

"I had to pinch myself when that happened. If you think we sing it well in the stadiums, you should hear them."

Record inflation rates of more than 100% have meant the cost of living is high for the Welsh-speaking community and Argentines in general.

However, Beth is hoping she can return one day, adding: "It was an absolute pleasure to be part of it and I'm so grateful to the whole Welsh community.

"I would go back in a heartbeat - I've made friends for life."

The cost of a food shop "should start" to come down in the next few months, the body which represents UK supermarkets has claimed.

Supermarkets will start passing on cost savings for milk and other dairy goods due to cuts in wholesale prices, the British Retail Consortium (BRC) said.

It comes as new figures from the trade body revealed food prices were up 15.7% last month compared to April in 2022.

Last week, Sainsbury's rejected suggestions that prices were too high.

The denial came after questions over why a drop in the cost of wholesale food prices globally had not yet led to falls in the prices charged by UK supermarkets.

Helen Dickinson, chief executive of the BRC, said customers should "start to see food prices come down in the coming months as the cut to wholesale prices and other cost pressures filter through".

She said that retailers were "committed to helping their customers and keeping prices as low as possible".

Many households have felt the impact of rising food bills.

Major consumer goods companies and supermarkets have blamed higher costs for higher prices.

Marmite-maker Unilever and supermarket Sainsbury's both recently rejected suggestions that they are not protecting customers from rising prices.

While overall food inflation rose in the year to April, according to the figures from the BRC-NielsenIQ shop price index, fresh food prices accelerated last month to 17.8%.

Ms Dickinson said some goods, such as ready meals, had risen in price because of a "knock-on effect from increased production and packaging costs".

She added the price of coffee had jumped because of an increase in the cost of coffee beans, as well as key producers exporting less.

However, she said the price of select items like butter or vegetable oils had already started to come down as retailers passed on some savings.

Wholesale food prices have started to fall and the World Bank, which works on solutions to reduce poverty in developing countries, has said it expects them to drop 8% by the end of this year.

But supermarkets have argued such falls take time to reach the shelves. The BRC has said there is a three- to nine-month lag to see a decrease in wholesale prices reflected in-store.

In March, the union Unite accused some retailers of "fuelling inflation by excessive profiteering".

The boss of Sainsbury's said the supermarket would pass on any falls in the price of goods as soon as it could and was "absolutely determined to battle inflation for our customers".

However, Simon Roberts admitted widespread price falls were not likely to come soon as energy and labour costs continued to rise.

Victoria Scholar, an analyst at investment firm interactive investor, said while there was "hope" that food prices will come down, it was "more likely that price growth will just slow instead in the near-term as consumers continue to feel the squeeze from rising weekly food bills".

"The unfortunate nature of the type of inflation the UK is facing is that it is affecting essential items such as food, hitting those at the lower end of the income spectrum most acutely," she added.

While overall food prices continued to rise in April, the BRC said inflation, which is the rate at which prices rise, both food and non-food, had fallen marginally to 8.8% in April.

But just because the inflation rate has fallen, that does not mean prices are falling, it just means that prices are not rising as quickly.

The BRC said overall price rises in the shops had slowed slightly in April because of "heavy spring discounting in clothing, footwear, and furniture".

How are you coping with the cost of living crisis? Tell us by emailing: haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Glenariff gorse fire: 'It was pretty scary here at midnight'

A farmer whose family land is alongside the path of a large gorse fire in County Antrim has described it as her "worst nightmare".

About 35 firefighters, six appliances and one high-volume pump remain at the scene of the blaze at Ballyeamon Road, Glenariff, on Thursday night.

It is expected that additional resources will be sent to the scene at first light on Friday.

The fire was first reported just before 14:00 BST on Wednesday.

Earlier on Thursday more than 80 firefighters and 14 appliances tackled the blaze which had a fire front of 1km.

On Thursday afternoon, the Irish Air Corps joined the effort supporting the fire service.

At the scene, farmer Catherine Crawford told BBC News NI: "I have never known a fire here in Glenariff and I'm here 30 odd years.

More than 80 firefighters were at the scene on Thursday evening

"I never want to see another one, the way it has done damage here at the minute.

"It's just anybody's worst nightmare to be involved with a gorse fire.

"If it spreads out onto the mountain, there's livestock, sheep on each side of the fire."

She added: "With so much smoke last night we were all told to close our windows, keep doors closed and make sure all the elderly people stayed in and were safe.

"It was pretty scary here last night."

Northern Ireland Fire and Rescue Service (NIFRS) Deputy Chief Officer Paul Harper welcomed the support of the Irish Air Corps as firefighters continue to work in "punishing conditions".

"Deploying water directly onto the fire from the air will greatly enhance our firefighting operations," he said.

Support from the Irish Air Corps has been welcomed

"We have implemented several contingencies to ensure we can maintain a response to all types of emergencies today. We continue to do all we can to support our firefighters on the front line during this challenging time."

Mr Harper added that he expected the gorse fire to continue for a further 24 to 48 hours.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Northern Ireland Fire & Rescue Service This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

A major incident was declared on Wednesday evening as the NIFRS dealt with a number of gorse fires.

On Thursday night NIFRS Chief Officer Aidan Jennings said that from early Wednesday morning until 11pm on Thursday, the fire service received 650 emergency calls and mobilised to 266 incidents, with 80 of these being wildfire incidents.

He said the fire service had mobilised 496 firefighting pumps and specialist appliances to deal with the incidents.

Tiarnan Donnelly, John Crawford and Catherine Crawford watch as an Irish Air Corps brings water to the scene.

"Our firefighters have been working in extremely challenging and exhausting conditions whilst battling to bring these wildfires under control," Mr Jennings said.

"I would like to pay credit to our firefighters, control room operators, supervisory officers and support staff, all of whom have responded and in many cases come on duty or remained on duty to support our operational response and enhanced resilience arrangements."

Overnight 50 firefighters dealt with a gorse fire in Clogher, County Tyrone, which has now been extinguished.

Also on Wednesday, firefighters were called to a gorse fire at Slievenaman Road, Newcastle, which was declared fully extinguished shortly after 16:00.

14 pumping appliances and a specialist wildfire team are still at the blaze in Glenariff

Earlier on Thursday, Chief Officer Jennings said it was too early to suggest a cause of the gorse fires but in his experience "they need an ignition source and it is usually deliberate".

He called on the public to be vigilant when enjoying the good weather, use dedicated safe spots to barbeque and dispose of cigarettes safely.

He also advised the public to avoid the areas where fires are ongoing and to drive carefully if they find themselves nearby.

The gorse fires follow a prolonged period of warm and dry weather across Northern Ireland.

On Tuesday, parts of Northern Ireland were officially under heatwave conditions according to the Met Office.

In Northern Ireland, a heatwave is when temperatures exceed 25C for at least three consecutive days.

According to the Met Office this has happened in the north-west, in counties Antrim and Londonderry.

Tuesday also marked the highest June temperature in five years.

Tom Street - pictured with his grandson Louis - said playing music all his life had been "a joy"

A 95-year-old trombone player has been honoured with a Guinness world record for his lifelong love of music.

Tom Street, from Heage in Derbyshire, has been named as the longest-serving man to play in a brass band.

Mr Street, who has been a member of Heage Silver Band for 82 years and 332 days, was surprised with the accolade on Sunday by his 21-year-old grandson Louis.

He described playing brass band music as "a joy".

Mr Street (second from right) joined the band as a teenager

Mr Street said he joined the band at 14 after receiving his first cornet at the age of five.

Before being given the record-breaking accolade, he had thought he was being taken on a trip to the pub - but instead was taken to the band's rooms.

"I wondered what it was all about," Mr Street said.

"I was looking around and seeing all my friends here. I've played with them right through the years."

Louis said his grandfather's love of music dated back to his childhood.

"It's been his life, basically, two or three times a week," he said.

"He gave me a cornet when I was two. He said 'music can describe what words can't'.

"I think without him the band wouldn't be here today, so it's been an amazing effort."

A Guinness World Records spokesperson said: "What an incredible achievement.

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, on Twitter, or on Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

Shifting debris could become dangerous for salvage crews above and below the water's surface.

US Army Colonel Estee Pinchasin looks out at the thousands of tonnes of twisted, broken steel and concrete jutting out from the dark waters of Maryland's Patapsco river, and delivers her assessment: an "unforgiving mangled mess".

"That's the best way to describe this," the fatigue-clad veteran says from the deck of an Army-operated salvage vessel, the Reynolds. "It's hard to explain steel that is cantilevered, bent and smashed with so much force."

The "mess" Col Pinchasin has been tasked with clearing is the tattered remnants of Baltimore's Francis Scott Key Bridge, strewn around - and embedded into - the Dali, a massive 948ft (289m) cargo ship that now sits motionless under an expanse of shredded metal, with partially crushed shipping containers hanging from its sides.

The mangled mess is self-explanatory. But why unforgiving? Because, put simply, anything and everything here is a potential threat to the lives of salvage crews.

The Dali's collision with the bridge in the early hours of 26 March brought the structure down in a matter of seconds, leaving six workers dead and the ship stuck. This has prompted a huge response that has included the US Army Corps of Engineers, Navy, Coast Guard, Maryland authorities and specialist private firms.

The effort aims to unblock the 700ft (213m) wide and 50ft (15m) deep shipping channel, re-float and remove the Dali and clear whatever remains of the estimated 3,000 to 4,000 tonnes of debris from the wider Patapsco.

"Those things are happening simultaneously," Col Pinchasin, the Army Corps of Engineers Baltimore district commander, told the BBC. "But the priority is for the channel, because we need to get those people back to work and help all the businesses that are affected."

The port is one of the busiest on the East Coast of the United States and a key regional hub for goods including steel, aluminium and agricultural equipment. It is used by car-makers including General Motors and Honda. As many as 15,000 jobs depend on it, including 8,000 directly employed there.

Sonar images taken by the US Navy show vast quantities of debris sitting underwater (highlighted in yellow)

The mission has turned the area into a hub of activity, buzzing with small US Navy sonar vessels and police boats, workers testing spark-emitting hydraulic shears, and - so far - seven huge crane barges, including the Chesapeake, a 1,000-tonne capacity crane once used by the CIA to build a ship used to recover a Soviet submarine from the bottom of the Pacific.

Piece by piece, debris will eventually be disassembled and lifted onto barges to be taken away.

"With every layer of debris they remove, they have to go back in and survey the wreckage to see if it reacted the way we thought it was going to," Col Pinchasin said. "Are there any instabilities? Are they things we missed? What did we not see?"

"They need to have discipline and be very self-critical."

The dangerous work of making these determinations has so far fallen on teams of divers who inspect both the ship and the vast, unseen debris field beneath the surface.

They are often unable to see more than a foot or two in the muddy brown waters of the Patapsco, forcing them to be guided by operators in nearby surface vessels.

Their assessments, Col Pinchasin said, are essential to ensuring that larger pieces of debris can be dismantled and removed safely.

"The pieces might be mangled, but there's a lot of force pent-up in how they're sitting right now," she said, gesturing at a large chunk of metal protruding from the shipping channel.

"If you were to cut one of those things, and there's tension there you don't know about and it snaps, people can be in a lot of danger," she added. "We need to know what's connected, and that's why the divers have to go in. They have to feel and reach to verify… but it's like they have their eyes closed."

A separate team of divers, drawn from the ranks of the Maryland State Police, stands ready to dive if and when investigators believe they have found the remains of the three men still missing from the collapse.

The continued search for those men, she added, continues to weigh heavily on the minds of those involved in the salvage operation.

"These are families that did not get to celebrate Easter together," she said. "This is very solemn ground."

Those involved in the operation and maritime experts say that the scope of the operation has few, if any comparisons.

An initial $60m (£47.4m) in emergency funds have been earmarked to cover the work. The true cost may be much higher, with one politician, Maryland Democrat David Trone, telling CBS that the cost could eventually rise to $1bn.

"The scale is the biggest challenge, but also the complexity," said Captain Dan Hoban, a British Royal Engineer who was on a routine exchange with the US Army Corps of Engineers when the bridge collapsed.

"It's a really messy situation. From an engineering perspective, we are trying to figure out where the cuts are going to be made and then incorporate that into a lifting plan," added Capt Hoban, who has been helping with the mission.

"But it needs to be safe for all those operating out there," he added. "Everyone wants to get going quickly, but trying to do so safely and efficiently. We don't want to create a more difficult situation. That's the key."

Large crane barges are also serving as launch pads for extensive dive operations around the Dali

Peter Ford, a long time merchant mariner whose firm SkyRock Advisors specialises in infrastructure projects, said that the "intricacies" of the Baltimore operation made it considerably more hazardous than other complex operations, such as that which freed the Ever Given, after it got stuck in the Suez Canal in 2021.

"This is beyond anything we've seen," he said. "It's all going to be hard. It's the mixture of the infrastructure above and below water and the fact that debris is literally draped over and balancing on the vessel."

Once salvage crews begin cutting larger pieces of the debris, Mr Ford predicts that the constant shifting and movement of the debris and the vessel alike can become a potentially dangerous challenge.

"God forbid that somebody miscalculates and this very sharp steel ends up cutting into a part of the ship where the bunker fuel is, or some sort of hazardous commodities on the vessel are breached and leaked into the ocean," he said.

"This is a game of Jenga you don't want to lose."

Workers plan to use specialised cutting tools and hydraulic shears to remove parts of the Key Bridge

For now, the salvage operation is still in its early stages and is largely focused on assessing the scene and the bridge, removing smaller pieces and have so far opened smaller temporary shipping channels to allow limited maritime traffic to pass through the area.

By the end of April, the Army Corps of Engineers plans to open a limited access channel 280ft (80m) wide and 35ft (10m) deep to allow one-way traffic for barge containers and some roll-on-roll-off vessels that carry cars and equipment.

The entire, permanent channel is expected to be clear and ready for use by the end of May, the "unified command" responsible for the operation said in a statement on 4 April.

That target date, however, may change because of the weather or unforeseen problems with the clearance operations.

"We have to go slow to go fast. Slow is smooth. Smooth is fast," she said. "This is a long haul."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: A view from inside the ship that hit a Baltimore bridge

Emergency services were called to a lane adjacent to Cefn Road, Wrexham, on Monday morning

Two men from Wrexham have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found collapsed in a lane.

North Wales Police and Welsh Ambulance Service were called to the scene on a lane adjacent to Cefn Road, Wrexham at 06:42 BST on Monday, 12 June.

The victim, 59-year-old John Ithell, from Pentre Gwyn, Wrexham was treated in hospital but died from his injuries.

His family has been informed and is being supported by specialist officers, the force added.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The pair had met at a car park in Wrexham

A nurse has been sacked after a patient she had a secret relationship with died following a late night meeting in Wrexham.

Penelope Williams didn't call an ambulance after the man, known as Patient A, collapsed in January 2022.

He was found unresponsive with his trousers down and died of heart failure and chronic kidney disease.

Mrs Williams has now been struck off by the Nursing and Midwifery Council for bringing the profession into disrepute.

The hearing was told the patient was found in the back of his own car after the pair had met in a car park.

The panel heard Mrs Williams, who worked as a general nurse on a renal unit, had met Patient A about a year before.

He had multiple health conditions, the hearing was told, and received treatment in the unit where Mrs Williams worked.

On the night, Mrs Williams had gone to the home of a colleague, before meeting with Patient A.

Just before midnight, her co-worker took a call from her.

She was "crying and distressed and asking for help", the panel heard.

After telling them someone had died, Mrs Williams was advised to call an ambulance, but did not.

When the colleague arrived at the car park, they called 999 on finding Patient A partially clothed and unresponsive.

He was pronounced dead shortly after.

Mrs Williams initially told police and a paramedic she had gone to the car park after Patient A messaged her saying he was unwell.

The next day, she admitted to police they had been in a sexual relationship.

But in February, she denied this to health board officials.

She said they had sat in the back of his car for 30-45 minutes "just talking" before Patient A "started groaning and suddenly died".

At a May disciplinary hearing, Mrs Williams admitted both the relationship and not calling an ambulance and was sacked.

The Nursing and Midwifery Council panel found failing to mention the relationship "put her own interests ahead of the wellbeing of Patient A".

It said while Mrs Williams was remorseful, she had limited insight about the damage her relationship could cause to nursing's reputation or its effect on public safety.

They found this amounted to serious misconduct and her fitness to practise was impaired.

Striking her from the nursing register, the panel concluded there were no mitigating features.

"Mrs Williams' actions were significant departures from the standards expected of a registered nurse, and are fundamentally incompatible with her remaining on the register," it said.

"The panel was of the view that the findings in this particular case demonstrate that Mrs Williams' actions were so serious that to allow her to continue practising would undermine public confidence in the profession and in the NMC as a regulatory body."

An earlier version of this story incorrectly stated that the incident happened in the car park at Spire Wrexham. This was based on information incorrectly provided to the Nursing and Midwifery Council fitness to practise hearing. The article has been updated to reflect that the incident did not happen in the Spire Wrexham car park.

Last updated on .From the section Cricket

Women's Ashes Test, Trent Bridge (day five of five)

Australia beat England by 89 runs to win the one-off Ashes Test match and take a 4-0 points lead in the multi-format series.

Spinner Ash Gardner starred with 8-66 as England were bowled out for 178 before lunch on day five at Trent Bridge.

Gardner's effort gave her an astonishing 12 wickets in the match after her four in England's first innings.

Danni Wyatt top-scored with 54 before she was given out lbw to Gardner for Australia to wrap up the victory inside 21 overs on the final day.

England resumed on 116-5 after a late collapse on day four left them requiring another 152 to win.

Wyatt and nightwatcher Kate Cross added 25 for the sixth wicket before the latter was caught behind for 13 off Gardner, who took all five remaining wickets.

England then slumped from 151-6 to 178 all out as Wyatt struggled for support from England's lower order.

Amy Jones made just four before she was stumped by Alyssa Healy after a fumble, Sophie Ecclestone was pinned lbw for 10 and Lauren Filer was bowled for a duck.

Defeat felt cruel on Tammy Beaumont, who scored 208 in England's first innings, and Ecclestone, who also took a 10-wicket haul in the match but was ultimately eclipsed by Gardner.

The series continues with three T20s and three one-day internationals, all worth two points each, starting at Edgbaston on Saturday 1 July.

Wyatt, unbeaten on 20 overnight, was going to be key to England's hopes with her naturally aggressive style of play, and she stuck to her task efficiently by reaching her half-century from 78 balls.

But Gardner toiled away unchanged in an incredible effort of consistency with the day five pitch offering some uneven bounce and turn.

The all-rounder's match figures of 12-165 are the second-best of all-time in women's Test cricket, after Shaiza Khan's 13-226 for Pakistan against West Indies in 2004.

England promised an attacking brand of cricket and over four days, proved that they could unsettle Australia, but in a tough morning session, it was the world champions who held their nerve under the pressure.

The hosts' have much to be proud of - and justified the decision to play the Test over five days - but now have a very difficult task in overturning Australia's four-point lead.

Australia are world champions in both white-ball formats, their dominance particularly evident in ODIs where they have lost just one match from their last 42.

'England should have won' - what they said

England captain Heather Knight, speaking to BBC Test Match Special: "Obviously we feel disappointment but a lot of pride about how we approached it by playing entertaining cricket.

"A couple of evening sessions on day three and four cost us. But I'm proud of the way the girls fought throughout. Should we have won it? I don't know. We made it tough for ourselves on Sunday night."

Player of the match, Australia's Ashleigh Gardner at post-match presentation: "I wouldn't have dreamed of it to be honest but it showed having five days in a Test to actually get a result is super important.

"There are still six matches to go and still a lot that can happen in this Ashes series."

Former England spinner Alex Hartley on TMS: "Australia are such a strong side, they've come out on top and ridden the pressure much better than England. For me, England should have won that Test match.

"If Heather Knight is saying we need to fight, then it shows you how positive we are. I don't think England will win the Ashes, but I am feeling more positive."

Tim Westwood has been interviewed under caution over five alleged sexual offences

A review of what the BBC knew about allegations regarding DJ Tim Westwood's conduct has received a "significant amount of important new information".

Westwood was interviewed under caution over five alleged sexual offences by the Metropolitan Police earlier this year. He denies the allegations.

The alleged incidents are said to have occurred between 1982 and 2016.

A dedicated phone line set up to help people contribute evidence to the review will close on Friday.

Barrister Gemma White, who is leading the review, said it was set up to "expand the ways people can come forward" and report information.

She was appointed by the BBC Board last August after an internal review found that the corporation should have paid more attention to a string of sexual assault allegations that had been made against the former Radio 1 and 1Xtra DJ.

The inquiry, which has already seen more than 50,000 BBC documents, is expected to publish its findings in the summer.

White thanked everyone who had used the phone line and said: "We know that taking the decision to call was not easy for many of you and that speaking to us has taken courage.

"Your evidence will assist me in my task of independently establishing whether the BBC knew of concerns and responded appropriately to them.

"If you have been thinking of contributing but have not been sure about whether to do so, please do get in touch now."

Westwood, 65, stepped down from his show on Capital Xtra in April last year and strongly denies the allegations.

Last year, a statement from a representative of Westwood said: "Tim Westwood strongly denies all allegations of inappropriate behaviour.

"In a career that has spanned 40 years, there have never been any complaints made against him officially or unofficially.

Rain Newton-Smith took over as the CBI's new director-general last month

The CBI has hired a team of ethics advisors to help overhaul its operations, following allegations of serious sexual misconduct by staff.

The business lobby group's new head Rain Newton-Smith told members on Friday it had taken on the consultancy firm Principia Advisory.

The CBI is trying to claw back its reputation following the allegations, which include rape.

But it has already suffered an exodus of members.

Principia Advisory bills itself as a "leading advisor on organisational ethics".

Its website suggests that ethical crises should be dealt with using a "whole systems' approach" involving accountability by identifying individuals responsible, followed by "deeper changes".

The allegations at the CBI include claims of harassment and sexual assault including two allegations of rape, one at a summer party held by the group in 2019, another at one of its overseas offices.

The City of London Police is currently investigating the rape allegations.

The CBI has suspended day-to-day operations pending an extraordinary general meeting scheduled for 6 June, at which it is expected to outline a new strategy.

When the first allegations of harassment and sexual assault emerged in early April, the lobby group asked the law firm Fox Williams to investigate.

In response to Fox Williams' report, the CBI admitted it had hired "culturally toxic" staff and had failed to fire people who sexually harassed female colleagues. That had led a "very small minority" of staff to believe they could get away with harassment or violence against women, the group said.

An earlier report by the law firm led to the dismissal of Ms Newton-Smith's predecessor, Tony Danker. He was the subject of separate complaints of workplace misconduct, for which he has apologised.

The CBI said Ms Newton-Smith had spoken to more than 250 members and former members in an effort to shore up support.

But some of its most high profile members have deserted the organisation, including John Lewis and BMW. Others such as Tesco and Sainsbury's have suspended their engagement.

The government has also suspended any activity with the lobby group, with Chancellor Jeremy Hunt saying there was "no point" engaging with the CBI when its own members had deserted it.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The chancellor says some of the mortgage relief schemes being talked about would prolong the "inflationary agony".

The government has ruled out introducing major financial support to mortgage holders over fears it would drive the cost of living higher.

Chancellor Jeremy Hunt said offering mortgage relief schemes would "make inflation worse, not better".

But he said he would meet mortgage lenders later this week to ask what help they could give to households struggling with rising bills.

But the government said it was "spending record amounts" helping people and that it already had "specific tools" to provide support, citing help - in the form of a loan - for people who receive benefits.

A spokesperson added households had been provided with £3,300 each on average to help ease the cost of living pressures.

Conservative MP Sir Jake Berry asked Mr Hunt in Parliament on Tuesday to consider "reintroducing a bold Conservative idea of mortgage interest relief at source" to avoid what he described as a "mortgage bomb" happening.

"If we don't help families now all the other money we have spent helping them will be wasted if they lose their home," he said.

But the chancellor said the government was not considering such a move.

"Those kind of schemes, which involve injecting large amounts of cash into the economy, would be inflationary," he said."As much as we sympathise with the difficulties and do everything we can to help people seeing their mortgage costs go up, we won't do anything that would mean we prolong inflation."

Mr Hunt said he would be meeting the principal lenders to ask what help they could give to people struggling to pay more expensive mortgages and "what flexibilities might be possible for families in arrears".

Inflation, which is the rate at which prices rise, stood at 8.7% in April, meaning consumer prices overall were 8.7% higher than they were in April 2022.

In an attempt to reduce inflation, the Bank of England has been raising interest rates, making the cost of borrowing, including for a mortgage, more expensive.

It is expected that the Bank will raise rates further this week and that they will stay higher for longer.

Prior to the Bank's decision, expectations of a rise has already been reflected in the funding cost of mortgages, hitting new borrowers, and people trying to remortgage.

Lenders have been pulling deals and putting up rates at short notice and on Monday the average rate on a two-year fixed deal rose above 6%.

The Liberal Democrats also called for mortgage relief and a mortgage protection fund, but Treasury minister Andrew Griffith said such policies would delay bringing down inflation.

Labour's shadow chancellor Rachel Reeves asked Mr Hunt where are families "going to get the money to pay the Tory mortgage penalty", claiming that higher costs were a "a consequence of the Conservative mini-budget last year and 13 years of economic failure".

Partygate investigator Sue Gray was offered a job as the Labour leader's chief of staff in March this year

Former civil servant Sue Gray has chosen not to be interviewed as part of a Cabinet Office inquiry into talks with Labour about a senior party role, a minister has said.

Ms Gray quit the civil service after being offered a job as Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer's chief of staff.

A government appointments committee is investigating whether she breached civil service rules over the move.

Earlier, Sir Keir said he was confident Ms Gray had not broken any rules.

Ms Gray has held some of the most senior roles in the civil service and is best known for leading an investigation into the Partygate scandal, which contributed to Boris Johnson's downfall as prime minister last year.

She ended her decades-long career with the civil service in March, as Labour announced the party had offered her one of its most senior jobs ahead of the next general election.

The Conservative government said the situation was "unprecedented" and ordered an internal investigation into the circumstances of her resignation.

On Tuesday, Deputy Prime Minister Oliver Dowden issued a written statement to the House of Commons containing an update into the circumstances leading to Ms Gray's resignation.

In the statement, Mr Dowden said: "Ms Gray was given the opportunity to make representations as part of this process but chose not to do so."

Mr Dowden added: "I am unable at this stage to provide further information relating to the departure of Ms Gray whilst we consider next steps."

The internal investigation by the Cabinet Office is separate to an inquiry by the independent Advisory Committee on Business Appointments (Acoba), which will provide the final judgement on Ms Gray's departure.

Acoba is to recommend how long Ms Gray should wait before being allowed to take up the job with Labour.

The BBC has been told that Ms Gray's focus is on Acoba and she has "fully cooperated" with them and "given them all the details requested".

Dave Penman, leader of the FDA union, which represents civil servants, told Times Radio he understood why Ms Gray was prioritising Acoba rather than the Cabinet Office's internal investigation.

"Acoba is really the real deal when it comes to this and who's going to make a decision," Mr Penman said. "And it really should be, because it isn't doing it for political ends."

Under the civil service code, officials of Ms Gray's seniority must wait a minimum of three months before taking up outside employment.

Senior civil servants, as well as ministers, are expected to check with Acoba about any employment they wish to take within two years of leaving government.

Acoba provides advice and can recommend a delay of up to two years in starting a new job, but it has no power to block appointments.

However, Labour has said the party and Ms Gray will abide by its recommendations.

A long delay could hamper attempts to have Ms Gray in place well before the next general election, which is widely expected next year, to help Labour prepare for government if it wins power.

Earlier, Sir Keir accused the government of using the issue to try and deflect from the local election campaign, saying it should be focusing on the cost-of-living crisis instead.

"[The public are] not sitting at their breakfast talking about Sue Gray, they're talking about their bills," he told the BBC.

Ms Gray was thrust into the limelight after leading a government investigation into allegations of parties being held in Downing Street during the coronavirus lockdown.

She has held a number of senior positions, including head of the government's propriety and ethics team, since joining the civil service in the 1970s.

Ms Gray resigned from the post of second permanent secretary in the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities in March, after it emerged she had been offered a job with Labour.

Labour has insisted it did not approach Ms Gray until after her Partygate report was published.

But Mr Johnson and his allies have seized on Labour's job offer to claim Ms Gray's investigation when he was in power was an attempt to smear him.

Her report was critical of the senior political and civil service leadership, saying they "must bear responsibility" for the culture at No 10 during Covid lockdowns.

For the last month, Nun Neethoudjif Méléance has got used to a painful routine. She checks her phone daily to see if her family is still alive.

The 22-year-old teacher lives in Cap-Haitien with her brother.

But 10 members of her family including her father and other siblings are still in Port-au-Prince, where gangs are in control of about 80% of the capital.

"They are living in a kind of open prison because they cannot go too far for safety reasons. They own a shop where they sell food but it's difficult for them to buy products to sell."

The United Nations has described the situation in Haiti in cataclysmic terms, as a nation "close to collapse".

The impoverished Caribbean nation is facing a power vacuum filled by violent armed gangs, with illegal weapons continuing to pour into the country, driving it to the brink of disaster.

Her father has left a voice note saying there was a shooting near them this morning. They are OK but he feels broken.

More than 30,000 people have fled Port-au-Prince, many braving long dangerous bus journeys along gang-controlled roads to make it here. She wishes her family would do that too but she says change is hard for them - they are very reluctant to leave their home and business.

"I feel like I'm powerless because they are my parents," she says, exasperated. "I cannot tell them what to do."

Nun's young life in many ways reflects the overlapping crises of her country.

Her mother was killed in the 2010 earthquake which claimed more than 100,000 lives. Her cousin was killed by a gang last year, with many family members unable to attend the funeral because of the escalating violence on the streets.

She said her father did not want her to be a victim, and encouraged her to leave Port-au-Prince to pursue her ambitions.

"My neighbour in Port-au-Prince had six or seven sons, and two of them ended up in gangs. The father was a church person, a Christian. The boys used to go to church and would sing. They had bright futures, but that didn't stop them from falling into it."

This is a brutal reality for many children.

A new UN report says more than 1,500 people have been killed by gang violence in the first three months of this year. The gangs recruit and abuse young boys and girls, the report says, sometimes killing those who try to escape.

"People ask why am I in Haiti?" says Nun. "Well, you either stay and you fight, or you go and have some peace."

Many are choosing the latter. Cap-Haitien's airport reopened earlier this week where dozens of people queued at the small departures entrance. Clutching key documents, they were ready to exit as quickly as possible.

Baptiste Moudeché, 23, was heading to Florida for the first time with his younger sister. He made the journey from Les Gonaïves, Haiti's fourth largest city, which has been marred by gang violence for decades. His parents remain there for the moment.

"I'm leaving because of insecurity issues and troubles. We've been living in a very frustrating and stressful period of time with my family."

He doesn't know when he'll return.

"My dream is for Haiti to finally have a normal government that is really thinking about the wellbeing of the nation," said Baptiste. "A place where human rights are fully respected and where any young person can progress."

Protesters gathered outside the Canadian embassy on Friday demanding that the Caribbean Community (Caricom) respect the constitution

The country is now waiting to see exactly who will take on the gangs in the fight for power. Prime Minister Ariel Henry, deeply reviled and unelected, promised to step down once a Presidential Transitional Council was formally established.

Its full line up has yet to be revealed, but last week, in its first statement, it pledged to restore order and democracy to a nation that's at a crucial turning point in history.

But also crucial is winning the trust of Haitians to achieve that. Many are profoundly sceptical of a solution proposed by the international community.

Even though the council looks to be made up of Haitian leaders, it's been created by Caricom, an intergovernmental organisation consisting of 20 nations located in the Caribbean. Many Haitians view it as "foreign interference".

The gangs who are currently Haiti's de facto rulers have also dismissed the council.

One of the country's most powerful gang leaders Jimmy 'Barbecue' Chérizier said he would consider a ceasefire: "If the international community comes with a detailed plan, we can sit together and talk, but they do not impose on us what we should decide."

It will be hard though to convince many Haitians to accept violent gangsters as future political leaders.

Yvrose Pierre, mayor of Cap-Haitien, says gangs "don't have any compassion"

Yvrose Pierre, the first elected female mayor of Cap-Haitien, said: "When gangs attack they are terrorising people and they don't have any compassion, they just kill. And we can't let that happen, If it's going to be someone who's going to be killed it's going to be them, not us."

About five million people in Haiti - including one in two children - are on the verge of famine, according to the charity Save the Children. Ms Pierre feels the country is in its death throes.

"The population is dying because it's the country which is dying. When the port is dysfunctional, the main airport is dysfunctional, the hospital is dysfunctional - people will definitely die.

"My dream for my country is to see Haitians pulling themselves together to first resolve this specific crisis. My dream is to see the Haiti I was used to as a kid."

Many Haitians feel similar pride. This Easter weekend amid the backdrop of violence, the country marked its first major holiday in relative peace.

While Port-au-Prince avoided any processions, thousands of worshippers in Cap-Haitien walked the narrow and dusty streets in smart white dresses and buttoned shirts singing hymns. Some had their arms outstretched towards the sky in an act of praise to God.

A group of women gathered outside a Catholic high school to watch a re-enactment of the crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus. One woman told us this Easter was bittersweet: "I don't feel good when I see Haiti is perishing. Especially when I see my brothers and sisters dying from bullets in Port-au-Prince."

Another said: "I do think only a miracle can now help us."

A new commemorative 50p coin marking the 75th anniversary of the arrival of HMT Empire Windrush in the UK has been released by the Royal Mint.

Designed by artist Valda Jackson, the coin depicts two black people standing against a backdrop of the Union Flag.

The coin pays tribute to the British Caribbean and Commonwealth citizens who arrived in the UK from 1948-1973.

Bristol-based Ms Jackson, whose parents came from Jamaica in the 60s, said it honours "our parents and their legacy".

Ms Jackson was born in St Thomas, Jamaica, and moved to England in 1964. Her parents were among the generation of people invited to leave their home in the Caribbean to come to work in Britain. She later joined them at the age of five.

"The image on the coin is one of unity representing the bond between the UK and Commonwealth citizens who have helped rebuild the country in its time of need," she told the BBC.

"It honours our parents and their legacy, and celebrates our presence, achievements, and contributions that continue to enrich our society."

Ms Jackson says she is proud of the contributions her parents made to rebuilding the UK after World War Two.

The Windrush generation refers to people who arrived in the UK from Caribbean countries between 1948 and 1971, when British immigration laws changed.

Although not all Windrush generation migrants arrived on HMT Empire Windrush itself, the ship became a symbol of the wider mass-migration movement. Many of those who came to the UK had served in the British armed forces in World War Two.

It first docked in Tilbury, Essex, on 22 June 1948. This year marks the 75th anniversary of its arrival.

Rebecca Morgan, director of commemorative coins at the Royal Mint, added: "We're honoured to be marking the 75th anniversary since the Windrush generation arrived in the UK."

She said the coin had gone through "a rigorous process". "It's decided which anniversaries are suitable for British coinage and once it's passed that process, we then go to the Chancellor and only then does it finally go up to the King for his approval."

There are three coins available, all of which go on sale today ahead of Thursday's anniversary. Two are limited edition in gold and silver; the other is a standard metal coin, much like the legal tender 50p piece.
• None Who are the Windrush generation?

Eight Grenadier Guards carried the coffin of the late Queen during her state funeral

Eight pallbearers who carried Queen Elizabeth II's coffin at her funeral are among those to be recognised in a special honours list.

King Charles has honoured scores of royal aides and military personnel for the roles they played during the period of national mourning.

Angela Kelly, the Queen's dresser, has also received recognition.

Queen Elizabeth II, Britain's longest-serving monarch, died at Balmoral in September last year, aged 96.

In some of the most poignant moments of the late Queen's funeral, eight Grenadier Guards in uniform carried her coffin, draped in the Royal Standard, into London's Westminster Abbey and her final resting place at St George's Chapel in Windsor.

Millions of people around the world watched as Lance Sergeant Alex Turner, Lance Corporal Tony Flynn, Lance Sergeant Elias Orlowski, Guardsman Fletcher Cox, Guardsman James Patterson, Lance Sergeant Ryan Griffiths, Guardsman Luke Simpson, and Guardsman David Sanderson carried out their duty.

Notably they carried the lead-lined coffin with the Imperial State Crown, sceptre and orb on top up the steep steps of the chapel in Windsor Castle's grounds.

Conservative MP Tom Hunt said at the time: "I can't imagine how hard and emotionally challenging it must have been to have carried her late Majesty's coffin just once.

"With billions watching, they've done her late Majesty and the country proud."

The soldiers, from the 1st Battalion Grenadier Guards, have been recognised with the Royal Victorian Medal (Silver).

Royal Regiment of Scotland pallbearers who brought the Queen from Balmoral to her lying-in-state at St Giles' Cathedral in Edinburgh received the same honour.

The Royal Air Force flight crew who transported the Queen's coffin from Scotland to London, other coffin bearers, and senior government officials are also included in the Demise Honours list.

The late Queen with Vogue editor-in-chief Anna Wintour and the monarch's dresser Angela Kelly (on right in black)

Ms Kelly, who worked for the Queen for more than 25 years, has been made a Commander of the Royal Victorian Order (RVO).

The pair are understood to have had a close relationship, and the Queen gave Ms Kelly permission to write a behind-the-scenes account of her years as her official dressmaker and friend.

Ms Kelly helped to keep the Queen's style modern and relevant - the late monarch once wore a pair of glasses personalised with Swarovski crystals in the shape of the letter Q at a 2010 film screening in Canada.

During the height of the Covid pandemic, Ms Kelly is thought to have isolated with the Queen at Windsor Castle as part of a small group of royal household staff.

The late monarch's stud groom, Terence Pendry, with her pony Emma

The late Queen's page, Paul Whybrew, who appeared in the monarch's 2012 London Olympics skit with James Bond actor Daniel Craig, was awarded Commander of the RVO.

Terence Pendry, who worked as the Queen's stud groom and held the reins of her pony, Emma, as the funeral cortege travelled through Windsor, received the same honour.

Former ladies-in-waiting Philippa de Pass and Jennifer Gordon Lennox were made Dame Commanders of the RVO.

The RVO is bestowed by the King - and not on the advice of the prime minister - to people who have served the monarch and the Royal Family.

The honour was founded by Queen Victoria in 1896.

President Zelensky followed into a press conference by Poland's President Duda and Lithuania's President Nauseda Image caption: President Zelensky followed into a press conference by Poland's President Duda and Lithuania's President Nauseda

Away from the scene in Kramatorsk, the Polish and Lithuanian presidents are in Kyiv to meet their Ukrainian counterpart, Volodymyr Zelensky. We're starting to receive a few remarks from them via the news agencies now - we'll keep you posted.

It's expected that the leaders are today preparing some of the groundwork ahead of a meeting on 11-12 July in Lithuania of Nato members.

The hopes of Ukraine and Sweden to join the Western military alliance are expected to be a key theme. In April, Zelensky accepted an invitation to attend the summit in the Lithuanian capital, Vilnius. However, he recently told the Wall Street Journal that unless Ukraine is “acknowledged and given a signal in Vilnius" he did not believe there was any "point" in attending.

Sweden had hoped to join by the time of the July summit, but Turkey and Hungary have yet to agree.

It's thought that the deployment to Belarus of troops from the Russian mercenary group Wagner will also be high on Nato's agenda next month.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Jonathan Brearley, Chief Exec of Ofgem, warns energy suppliers, 'your reputation is on the line'.

Tougher rules over which homes can be forcibly switched to a prepayment energy meter have been criticised by campaigners who want a total ban.

Customers must be given more chance to clear debts and forced meter fittings will be banned in homes with residents all aged over 85, regulator Ofgem said.

Charities say the measures are not enough because they are voluntary, but Ofgem says they will soon be mandatory.

Fitting was halted after agents broke into the homes of vulnerable people.

The investigation by The Times, exposing the actions of agents for British Gas, led to a public outcry.

Simon Francis, coordinator of the End Fuel Poverty Coalition, said the new rules "do not go far enough". Citizens Advice said they should be swiftly made mandatory.

A total ban on forcible fitting would need to be introduced by government ministers.

Energy Secretary Grant Shapps appeared to confirm the government would take action. Asked as he left Downing Street whether more would be done to control pre-payment meters, Mr Shapps said: "Yeah, we'll be on this."

Ofgem chief executive Jonathan Brearley said the regulator needed to balance managing debt, while also protecting vulnerable customers. However, he said firms' reputations were on the line if they failed to follow the rules.

"We cannot look at everything that suppliers do, so we cannot guarantee there will be no bad practice out there. But we have the ability to go deep into a company to see what is happening," he told the BBC's Today programme.

Tarique Chowdhury says suppliers could have done more

Questions have been raised about energy firms marking their own performance, but they will need to satisfy five conditions before they can resume force-fitting of meters from May. In practice, it could be months before some companies are able to start forcible installations again.

Ofgem said it would be turning the code into new mandatory rules, and would strengthen them if required.

Mr Brearley said there would be "much tighter" monitoring of the new rules. He said that if companies failed to adhere to the requirements then tighter regulations would be introduced that would be "against their commercial interests".

He said the regulator could call in information from smart meters and bodycam evidence to check companies' performance.

The plans are insufficient, according to Tarique Chowdhury, 55, who had a prepayment meter force-fitted in the autumn of 2020 after a previous tenant had built up debts.

He said that the "conveyor belt" approach to fittings had been wrong, and its forced nature "felt like being burgled". The new code, he said, lacked teeth.

"A loss of reputation is a risk these companies can take," he said, claiming that the companies could have spent money on proper checks.

Switching people onto prepayment meters without their consent has become more common since energy prices went up.

It can be done by warrant or remotely via smart meters, with suppliers saying it may help indebted customers manage their spending.

But campaigners say prepayment meters - which must be topped up - leave vulnerable customers at risk of running out of credit and losing access to light and heat.

All energy suppliers in England, Scotland and Wales have signed up to the code of conduct which sets out the practices they should adhere to when fitting the meters.

Under the rules, suppliers will now have to make at least 10 attempts to contact a customer and conduct a "site welfare visit" before a prepayment meter is installed.

Representatives fitting them will also have to wear body cameras or audio equipment to make sure the rules are followed.

If a customer has repaid what they owed, then their case can be reassessed and they may be able to move back off a prepayment meter.

However, there are concerns the rules will only protect the highest risk individuals.

For vulnerable customers in a "medium risk" category, suppliers will be required to carry out further risk assessments but can still go ahead with forced installations if they consider them justified.

Medium risk individuals could include elderly people aged between 75 and 84, parents of children under five years old, pregnant women and people with Alzheimer's disease among other conditions.

"What about elderly people below the age of 85? Also some disabled people could still miss out - people using power to charge their wheelchairs, for example. There will be people who aren't covered," said Mr Francis of the End Fuel Poverty Coalition.

Disability equality charity Scope is calling for an outright ban, warning the rules mean some disabled households could still have meters force-fitted.

An estimated 600,000 people were forced to switch to prepayment meters after struggling to pay their bills last year, up from 380,000 in 2021, according to Citizens Advice.

Even before force-fitting of meters could resume, companies should be satisfied they pass tests including an audit to uncover any wrongfully installed meters. Also, they must deal with any historical issues over meter fitting outlined by the regulator.

David Ford had debt agents arrive at his home in Brighton threatening to use a locksmith to break in and install a prepayment meter, which was later fitted.

He said that improvements should have been made to the system years ago, by the regulator and government.

"When this gets done it can leave you in a worse position," said Mr Ford, who - like his partner - has disabilities.

Suppliers have previously pointed out that if customer debts go unpaid, they will have to be covered eventually through everyone else's bill.

Have you had a prepayment meter forcibly installed? How are you coping with rising bill costs? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

The car crashed into the school at about 10:00 BST on Thursday

Police are continuing to question a woman over a car crash at a school which killed an eight-year-old girl, as floral tributes are laid at the scene.

Twelve people were taken to hospital after a Land Rover crashed into The Study Preparatory School in Wimbledon.

None of the children injured on Thursday are in a critical condition, the chair of governors told the BBC.

The woman in her 40s remains in custody having been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving.

One line of inquiry is that the driver had a medical incident, the BBC understands.

The Met Police has removed the car from the site, in south-west London, as part of its investigation and the cordon has been lifted. The force has said it is not treating the crash as terror-related.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: The BBC's Mark Lobel is at the scene the day after the fatal crash

London Ambulance Service said it sent 15 ambulances to the scene and treated 16 people.

St George's Hospital in Tooting said it had received "a number of patients who are being cared for by our specialist clinical teams".

Det Ch Sup Clair Kelland, local police commander for south-west London, said: "We would ask people not to speculate while we work to understand the full circumstances of what has happened during this tragic incident."

Floral tributes have been laid outside the school for girls aged four to 11, which is based on Camp Road near Wimbledon Common.

One local teacher, who asked not to be named, told the BBC she knows some of the families affected by the crash and said they were "distressed".

Floral tributes have been placed outside the school gates

She said: "I wanted to pay tribute to this girl, her family and the school, and I'm really sorry.

"I wanted to pay my respects and for [my son] to see that's an important thing to do."

MP for Wimbledon Stephen Hammond said the pupils had been gathered for an end-of-year celebration party in the garden. He described the crash as "extremely distressing and extremely concerning".

John Tucker, chair of the board of governors, said "the school community is profoundly affected by this tragedy".

He added that activities planned at the school on Friday had been cancelled.

The school's website was replaced by a holding page with a statement reading: "We are profoundly shocked by the tragic accident this morning at Wilberforce House and devastated that it has claimed the life of one of our young pupils as well as injuring several others.

"Our thoughts are with the bereaved family and with the families of those injured at this terrible time."

The private girls' school is just a mile away from the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club as it hosts the world-famous tennis tournament.

Ian Hewitt, chair of the All England Club, visited the school to "offer our heartfelt sympathies to all affected by this tragic, tragic incident".

Ian Hewitt visited the school to pay his respects on Friday

He added: "I just want to offer condolences on behalf of the All England Club and everyone involved in Wimbledon Tennis.

"We feel closely associated with the community and we recognise what a tragic incident [it is]."

On Thursday, a spokesman for Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said his "deepest condolences" were with the family of the girl who had died, and his thoughts were with all of those involved and injured.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

Sir Keir Starmer has been found to have breached the MPs' code of conduct by failing to register eight interests on time, including gifts from football teams and the sale of a plot of land.

The standards commissioner launched an investigation in June after complaints the Labour leader had been late to register income and hospitality.

Kathryn Stone said the breaches were "minor and/or inadvertent".

A Labour spokesperson said Sir Keir had apologised for the errors.

The commissioner initially began to investigate after complaints Sir Keir had failed to register three instances of income and hospitality and then found four further instances of late entries.

When writing to Ms Stone to "offer explanation, apology and reassurances that measures had been put in place to prevent any reoccurrence", Sir Keir also raised another instance of the sale of a plot of land that exceeded the £100,000 threshold for registration to the House authorities.

She said that although he said "he was waiting for the sale to complete so he could register the correct value", she decided to include it in her report.

Under the House of Commons' Code of Conduct for Members of Parliament MPs are required to register interests within 28 days.

Gifts and payments received by MPs are regularly published fortnightly in the Register of Members' Financial Interests.

Ms Stone said the eight breaches "were minor and/or inadvertent", and "there was no attempt to mislead".

But she has asked Sir Keir to meet the registrar of members' financial interests to discuss his obligations within Parliamentary rules - which he will do on on 25 August.

In a letter to Ms Stone, the Labour leader wrote that the late declarations were the "result of an administrative error within my office" and said he took full responsibility and apologised.

A Labour Party spokesperson said: "Keir Starmer takes his responsibilities to the Register very seriously and has apologised to the Commissioner for this inadvertent error.

"He has assured the Commissioner that his office processes have been reviewed to ensure this doesn't happen again."

Speaking at the time the investigation was launched Sir Keir had said he was "absolutely confident" he had not broken the MPs' code of conduct.

Among the interests declared late by Sir Keir was an £18,450 advance from publisher HarperCollins in April for a book he is writing.

He has pledged to donate the sum, which was declared a day late, to charitable causes while royalties for two legal books were also delayed in being registered.

Sir Keir also received a directors' box for two people at Crystal Palace worth £720, when they beat his club Arsenal 3-0 on 4 April, but this was not registered until 5 May.

And he received four tickets for Watford vs Arsenal, worth a total of £1,416, for their 6 March match - which were registered on 6 May.

Just Eat gave tickets to staff for the Taste of London festival and the British Kebab awards in October, but these were not declared until 23 December.

Outgoing Prime Minister Boris Johnson was found by the standards commissioner to have breached the rules on late declarations in 2018 and 2019.

The first occasion involved earnings of more than £50,000 and the second involved part-ownership of a property in Somerset.

Kyle is the only councillor to have completed all the non-mandatory training that is available

You won't find many more sharply dressed people in Welsh politics.

The natty suit, feathered trilby hat and engraved tie-pin reflect just how seriously 26-year-old Kyle Jamie Eldridge takes his job as a town councillor in Abergavenny.

He believes he has been elected to do an important job and so he should look the part.

And Kyle said it is his autism that makes him care about every detail.

"Having autism gives me critical thinking skills, and skills that I think are excellent for public servants," he said.

Since his election last year to represent the town's Park ward, Kyle is the only councillor to have completed all the non-mandatory training that is available.

He is also meticulous in his preparation for council work, renowned for arriving at every meeting, having read and digested all the relevant documents.

Sandra Rosser, the clerk and principal officer for Abergavenny Town Council, said: "He's made it a point to understand fully the importance of good governance, knowing the rights and wrongs of what we can and can't do as town councillors."

Autism is neuro-developmental difference which means people have a different way of experiencing the world, and of processing information.

In Wales, more than one in 100 people are on the autism spectrum.

Each person will have different strengths and challenges as a result of the way their brain is "wired".

"Quickly I realised that, because of his autism, we would need to change as a council," said Sandra.

"Quite often councils can be accused of waffling around the point," she admitted.

"We can't do that because Kyle won't understand.

"So we need to make sure we are very clear and concise, very black and white."

The council has rewritten a lot of its procedures and also changed its website, to make them more inclusive.

And Kyle also sets a high standard for his fellow councillors.

"Because of the way his mind works, he will remember something that was discussed three months ago in minute detail.

"If someone has changed the direction of their thinking, he can bring that back to them and say, 'this is actually what we discussed a few months ago'. He holds us all to account."

Kyle told the BBC Wales Live programme that some aspects of his autism, like "sensory overload", make political life more difficult.

"It is like I am lifting double the load each day," he said.

"Some of the stuff a councillor has to deal with, like arguing with colleagues or dealing with pressure, for autistic people it is amplified times two."

Kyle said he is motivated by helping others, rather than money or status.

He would like to become mayor of Abergavenny before pursuing a career in the civil service, where his ambition is to tackle the employment gap for autistic people.

Rishi Sunak's wife, Akshata Murty, is travelling with him in Japan for the G7 summit

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has said personal attacks from Labour on him and his family "don't bother me".

Mr Sunak told reporters the public were more interested in whether the government was improving their lives.

Labour's attacks on the PM have become increasingly personal in recent weeks, with the party accusing him of being out of touch because of his wealth.

It has also criticised Mr Sunak's wife, Akshata Murty, for previously benefitting from non-dom tax status.

Asked by journalists during his visit to Japan for the G7 summit whether comments about his wealth and upbringing were fair game, Mr Sunak said: "These things generally don't worry me.

"I don't think most people sitting at home actually are much bothered about these things either. What they care about is what am I doing for them to make their lives better."

He added: "I think we've moved beyond judging people by what's in their bank account. I think they're interested in whether I'm going to deliver for them and their families."

Asked whether it was hurtful when Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer talked about his family, Mr Sunak said: "These things don't bother me."

In recent sessions of Prime Minister's Questions, Sir Keir has accused the prime minister of being "clueless about life outside his bubble".

In the run-up to the local elections in England earlier this month, Labour also put out a number of adverts on Twitter attacking Mr Sunak personally.

The most controversial claimed the prime minister did not think adults convicted of child sexual assaults should go to prison.

Sir Keir defended the advert, saying it highlighted the government's failures on crime, but there was uneasiness about the move among some in Labour.

Another advert criticised Mr Sunak for raising taxes on working people, while his family benefitted from "a tax loophole" - a reference to his wife's non-dom status.

Last year, it emerged that Mr Sunak's wife had non-dom status, which allows people living in the UK to avoid paying UK tax on money made abroad.

She later said she would start paying UK tax on her overseas earnings.

At the time Mr Sunak, who was then chancellor, described criticism of his wife as "unpleasant smears", arguing it was unfair to attack a private citizen.

He has also previously admitted he found it "very upsetting" when his wife faced criticism over shares she owned in a tech company operating in Russia.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Hillary Clinton says she is hopeful Stormont institutions will be restored by next month.

Hillary Clinton has said she is hopeful the Stormont institutions will be restored in time for the Good Friday Agreement's 25th anniversary.

The former US secretary of state was speaking in an interview with BBC NI.

Mrs Clinton said all the parties have been elected to serve the people of Northern Ireland.

She said they should either form a government or "resign and let someone from their party who is willing to be part of a new government move forward".

Northern Ireland has been without a power-sharing government since its second-largest party, the DUP, collapsed the Stormont executive over its opposition to the trade arrangements for Northern Ireland that resulted from the original Brexit deal between the UK and the EU.

Speaking in Washington, Mrs Clinton said: "Let's get the government up and going and, you know, my thought always is you never agree with somebody 100 per cent of the time, find the 60, 70 per cent of what you do agree on, get it done and then continue to talk and, you know, argue about what remains.

"So let's get the government up and going let's do the things that government is expected to do."

MPs are set to get a vote on the new Brexit deal for Northern Ireland, known as the Windsor Framework.

Commons leader Penny Mordaunt confirmed that on Wednesday there will be a vote on the Stormont Brake, an element of the new arrangements.

The Stormont Brake aims to give the NI Assembly a greater say on how EU laws apply to Northern Ireland.

The Stormont Brake aims to give the NI Assembly a greater say on how EU laws apply to Northern Ireland.

But the DUP (Democratic Unionist Party) and other Stormont parties have asked the government for clarification.

Government officials have told the BBC that the intention is this vote will also be a chance for MPs to have their say on the overall UK-EU agreement in principle.

Downing Street said the vote "honours the prime minister's commitment" to give MPs a say on the revised trading arrangements for Northern Ireland.

Actually implementing the framework will require further legislation over the coming weeks and months.

The Windsor Framework was signed to alter Brexit's Northern Ireland Protocol.

It will mean goods moving from Great Britain which are staying in Northern Ireland would use a 'green lane' at Northern Ireland ports, meaning they should face minimal paperwork and no routine physical checks.

Goods which are due to travel into the Republic of Ireland would use a 'red lane', meaning they face customs processes and other checks.

It is not clear how the DUP will vote next week, as its leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson has said he is not yet sure if the deal will match his party's seven tests before returning to the executive at Stormont.

Chuck Schumer used his speech at the Ireland Funds dinner to urge the DUP to return to Stormont

A spokesman for the prime minister said the government remained "open to speaking to the DUP and answering any questions they may have".

Asked why the vote was only on the brake, the spokesman said the government believed it was the "most significant part of our agreement".

Earlier, the US Senate leader said he hoped the new Brexit deal for Northern Ireland "clears the way" for the DUP to return to power sharing.

Chuck Schumer was speaking at a gala dinner in the US, attended by senior politicians from Northern Ireland.

He praised the "sometimes spluttering" progress made to achieve peace.

"I say to all parties in the north, but especially the DUP, let's get to the people's business," he said.

The leaders of the five main parties in Northern Ireland sat together for the dinner in Washington DC

Stormont's five party leaders and high-profile Irish politicians were among several hundred guests at the dinner in Washington DC on Wednesday night.

They are in the US for a series of events ahead of St Patrick's Day.

Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Leo Varadkar used his speech to say he hoped the DUP would "take the path that leads towards the restoration" of devolved government at Stormont.

Asked whether he was feeling pressure to return to Stormont after the dinner, Sir Jeffrey Donaldson said: "Not at all".

He added: "I think we have a very receptive audience here that understands the need to ensure there is proper balance and cross-community consensus is key to moving Northern Ireland forward," he said.

TUV leader Jim Allister said Mr Schumer's "attempts to interfere with politics" was, what he anticipates to be, "the first of many lectures" from US politicians.

"Unionist politicians would do well to remember that they answer to the voters in Northern Ireland, not New York," he added.

It was a night when Sir Jeffrey Donaldson felt the weight of Irish America on his shoulders.

Last year it was the Speaker of the House, Nancy Pelosi, who turned the heat up on his party - this time it was Senate leader Chuck Schumer.

And as the gala guests applauded Mr Schumer's remarks, the DUP leader sat with his arms folded.

Did he feel the pressure? "Not at all," was his response.

But there was defiance, too, from those sitting around him.

There is a Good Friday Agreement milestone to celebrate and no DUP boycott is going to spoil that party.

The Windsor Framework was agreed last month by Prime Minister Rishi Sunak and European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen after more than a year of talks.

It aims to significantly reduce the number of checks on goods entering Northern Ireland from Great Britain.

The DUP has yet to say whether it supports the deal - it has set up an eight-member panel to assess it and come to a "collective decision" on whether to back it.

The party's support for the Windsor Framework is seen as vital if the Northern Ireland Assembly and the Stormont executive are to function again.

Bill Clinton and Joe Biden have both said they will visit Northern Ireland next month

The date of Mr Biden's visit has not been confirmed but there is speculation he could attend a conference at Queen's University Belfast, which runs from 17 to 19 April.

Former US President Bill Clinton and his wife, former US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, have both confirmed they will be attending.

Other high-profile figures are also believed to have received invites.

Eve Smith, 21, Rafel Jeanne, 24, and Darcy Ross, 21, died in the collision

Detectives have confirmed the victims of a crash that killed three were trapped for almost two days.

Police said CCTV was studied and number plate recognition cameras used to establish the crash happened at 02:03 GMT on Saturday, 4 March.

It was not until 46 hours later the victims were found, just after midnight on Monday morning.

Eve Smith, 21, Rafel Jeanne, 24, and Darcy Ross, 21, died after the crash near the A48 in St Mellons, Cardiff.

Sophie Russon, 20, and Shane Loughlin, 32, are seriously injured in hospital

A sixth person, who had been with the five who were in the crash, had been dropped at home earlier.

The three women, from Newport, had gone to The Muffler club in the city's Maesglas area late on Friday.

They then travelled 36 miles (58km) to Trecco Bay Caravan Park, in Porthcawl, Bridgend county, with the two men, both from Cardiff.

A first missing person report was made to Gwent Police at 19:34 on Saturday, with further missing person reports made to the same force at 19:43 and 21:32 on Saturday.

A further missing person report was made to South Wales Police at 17:37 on Sunday.

The IOPC said on Tuesday it was investigating the actions of South Wales Police and Gwent Police.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Everton Smith says daughter Eve was “everything a father could wish for”

Ms Russon's mother Anna Certowicz has said police "didn't seem to think it was worth investigating" when the five people were reported missing.

Eve Smith's dad, Everton Smith, said his life had been changed forever by his daughter's death.

The accident happened after the white Volkswagen Tiguan the five were in left the carriageway and entered a wooded area.

Assistant Chief Constable Jason Davies said: "The investigation is making good progress in piecing together the events leading up to the collision.

"Specialist officers will continue to carry out a detailed investigation which will enable us to provide the facts of what happened during the early hours of Saturday morning."

Police are appealing for witnesses and dashcam footage.

UK wages have risen at a record annual pace fuelling fears that inflation will stay high for longer.

Regular pay grew by 7.3% in the March to May period from a year earlier, official figures showed, equalling the highest growth rate last month.

However, despite the record increase, pay rises still lag behind inflation - the rate at which prices go up.

The pace of wage rises has come under increasing focus by the Bank of England as it tries to control inflation.

The Bank has raised interest rates 13 times in a row in an attempt to reduce the rate of inflation, but it has remained stubbornly high.

It currently stands at 8.7%, well above the Bank's target of 2%.

The concern is that strong wage growth will increase costs faced by companies and force them to push up prices for their goods even higher.

On Monday, the governor of the Bank of England, Andrew Bailey, said reducing inflation is "so important" as people "should trust that their hard-earned money maintains its value".

While pay is growing at record rates, it is still not increasing fast enough to keep up with rising prices in the shops. Regular pay fell by 0.8% after the effect of inflation was taken into account.

The latest wage figures were higher than expected and Ashley Webb, UK economist at Capital Economics, said this "won't ease the Bank of England's inflation fears significantly".

Last month, the Bank of England raised interest rates by more than expected, lifting its key rate to 5% from 4.5%.

Mr Webb said that while he expected the Bank to push rates to 5.25% at its next meeting in August, he added "we can't rule out" an increase to 5.5%, saying "much will depend" on next week's inflation figure.

Deutsche Bank said that an increase in rates to 5.5% next month "now looks more likely than not".

Forecasts of more rate rises by the Bank have helped to push mortgage costs to their highest level for 15 years.

In January, when the UK's inflation rate was above 10%, Prime Minister Rishi Sunak promised to halve it by the end of the year.

Mel Stride, the Work and Pensions Secretary, told the BBC's Today programme that while forecasts still suggest that would happen, "it is not going to be easy".

The figures from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) also showed:

There are indications that what is called "tightness" in the labour market - where there are too few workers to fit the jobs available - is starting to ease.

However, business groups have continued to stress the difficulty of finding the right workers, despite the slight rise in unemployment and fewer vacancies.

The government is now offering all workers a "Midlife MOT" on their careers to help those in their mid-40s and above to retrain.

The ONS data showed that pay rises were highest for those in better paid sectors such as finance, and were lower in retail.

The most up-to-date figures for just the month of May seem to show wage rises beginning to slow. This raises the possibility that pay increases have now peaked, which could lead to a calmer path for inflation.

Kitty Ussher, chief economist at the Institute of Directors, said that while wage costs remain "very acute" for companies there were some "hopeful signs" in the latest ONS figures, "with the number of vacancies falling and more people coming out of inactivity back into the labour market".

The Chancellor, Jeremy Hunt, said: "Our jobs market is strong with unemployment low by historical standards. But we still have around one million job vacancies, pushing up inflation even further."

Labour's shadow work and pensions secretary Jonathan Ashworth said the figures were "another dismal reflection of the Tories' mismanagement of the economy".

"Britain is the only G7 country with a lower employment rate than before the pandemic and real wages have fallen yet again," he added.

Plans for the NFT for Britain were launched when Rishi Sunak was chancellor

Plans for a government backed non-fungible token (NFT) produced by the Royal Mint have been dropped, the Treasury has announced.

Rishi Sunak ordered the creation of a "NFT for Britain" that could be traded online, while chancellor in April 2022.

NFTs are assets in the digital world that can be bought and sold, but which have no physical form of their own.

The Royal Mint announced it was "not proceeding with the launch" following a consultation with the Treasury.

Economic Secretary Andrew Griffiths said the department would keep the proposal "under review".

NFTs have been touted as the digital answer to collectables, but some sceptics fear they could be a bubble waiting to burst. They have been used as speculative assets and some have sold for millions of dollars.

Responding to the announcement, Harriet Baldwin, chair of the Treasury Select Committee, said: "We have not yet seen a lot of evidence that our constituents should be putting their money in these speculative tokens unless they are prepared to lose all their money.

"So perhaps that is why the Royal Mint has made this decision in conjunction with the Treasury."

NFTs are unique units of digital data that use the same "blockchain" technology behind cryptocurrencies - such as Bitcoin. The records cannot be forged because the blockchain ledger is maintained by thousands of computers around the world.

The digital tokens, which emerged in 2014, can be thought of as certificates of ownership for virtual or physical assets, and can be bought using traditional currency or cryptocurrency.

The Treasury is working to regulate some cryptocurrencies and had planned to enter the NFT market as part of a wider bid to make the UK a hub for digital payment companies.

In April 2022, the then-chancellor Mr Sunak said: "We want to see the [cryptocurrency] businesses of tomorrow - and the jobs they create - here in the UK, and by regulating effectively we can give them the confidence they need to think and invest long-term."

Among the best-known NFTs are a series known as the "Bored Ape Yacht Club", which give the bearer ownership over a unique picture of a cartoon ape. Prices of the NFTs plummeted last year after crypto exchange FTX went bankrupt.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Police are investigating a massive gold heist at Toronto Pearson International Airport, a location often used to ship gold mined in the province of Ontario.

Canadian officials say more than C$20m ($15m, £12m) of gold and valuables were stolen on Monday 17 April.

An aircraft container carrying the goods arrived at the airport in the evening and was transported to a cargo holding facility.

Police believe that is where the heist took place.

The theft could mark one of the bigger heists in Canadian history, a list that includes the 2011 and 2012 Great Canadian Maple Syrup Heist when 3,000 tonnes of syrup valued at $18.7m were stolen from a storage facility in Quebec.

Peel Regional Police inspector Stephen Duivesteyn said their team is investigating "all avenues" and described Monday's incident as isolated and rare.

At a press conference on Thursday at the airport, Mr Duivesteyn said the missing aircraft container was about 5 sq ft (.46 sq m) in size, and "contained other items of monetary value" in addition to the gold.

Officials have refused to say what airline shipped the cargo, where the load had come from, or its intended destination.

"Our goal is to solve this theft," Mr Duivesteyn said. "We want to solve it. I cannot provide exact details."

But travellers are not in danger, he continued. "We do not consider this a public safety matter."

The Toronto Sun reported earlier on Thursday that police thought organised crime groups were involved. Mr Duivesteyn said it was too early to tell.

"We're three days in, so our investigators have their eyes open to all avenues," he said. "We're kind of keeping a broad outlook on it, so we're looking on all angles on how this item was stolen."

In a statement, the airport said that thieves did not gain access to the airport itself but "accessed the public side of a warehouse that is leased to a third party, outside of our primary security line".

The BBC has contacted the Royal Canadian Mounted Police for comment.

Tanks hit by Russian mines are either being quickly repaired or scavenged for parts

The general in charge of Ukraine's stuttering counter-offensive in the south has said Russian defences are making it difficult for military equipment, including Western tanks and armoured vehicles, to move forward.

Gen Oleksandr Tarnavskyi says his forces are struggling to overcome multi-layered minefields and fortified defensive lines.

"That is why most of the tasks have to be performed by troops."

He says Russia's military has displayed "professional qualities" by preventing Ukrainian forces from "advancing quickly".

Latest unconfirmed reports from the US suggest the main thrust of the counter-offensive has begun. The Institute for the Study of War says Ukrainian forces appear to have broken through "certain pre-prepared Russian defensive positions".

But so far there's little evidence that Western supplied tanks and armoured vehicles have been able to tip the balance decisively in Ukraine's favour.

Several Leopard tanks and US Bradley fighting vehicles were damaged or destroyed in the first days of the offensive, near the city of Orikhiv.

Ukraine's 47th Brigade, which had largely been trained and equipped by the West to try to break through Russian lines, were soon stopped in their tracks by mines and then targeted by artillery.

Russia released multiple videos of the incident claiming Ukraine's offensive had already failed. In reality it was an early setback rather than a decisive blow.

Russia released footage of tanks it said it had destroyed in the early days of the offensive

We visited the same brigade's outdoor workshop, hidden in a forest behind the front line, where they are now trying to repair more than a dozen armoured vehicles - most of them US Bradleys.

They first arrived unscathed but now bear the scars of battle. Broken tracks and buckled wheels - the tell-tale signs that several have hit Russian mines.

Serhii, one of the engineers, says: "The faster we can repair them, the faster we can get them back to the front line to save someone's life."

But he also admits that some are beyond repair and will have to be either scavenged for spare parts or "returned to our partners" to be rebuilt.

While Western armour has provided Ukrainian troops with better protection, it has not been able to punch through the rows of Russian mines - one of the biggest barriers for Ukraine's advance.

Travelling the southern front we also saw British supplied Mastiff armoured vehicles damaged and destroyed.

Maksym, a tank commander near the front line, says Russian lines are defended by rows of minefields

The 47th Brigade is now using some of its older, Soviet-era tanks to clear minefields. But they too can't escape the explosives hidden in the ground, even when fitted with specialist mine-clearing equipment.

Nearer the front line, tank commander Maksym showed us his recently-damaged T-64 tank. It's been fitted with two rollers on the front to deliberately set off the mines. He lost one of the rollers the night before as he was trying to clear a path for troops.

"Normally our rollers can withstand up to four explosions," he says. But the Russians, he adds, have been laying mines on top of each other to destroy their mine clearing equipment.

"It's very hard because there are too many mines," Maksym says, adding that there were often more than four rows of minefields in front of the Russian defensive lines.

It's been painful to watch the battle unfold for Doc and his drone reconnaissance team from Ukraine's Volunteer Army.

Ukrainian drone pilot Doc says Russia is increasingly using remote-controlled mines to slow them down

Doc, his call sign, took part in last year's successful offensive on Kherson. But he says this time it's proving to be much tougher. For the first time in the war, he says, soldiers are being injured by mines more than artillery: "When we go forward we meet minefields everywhere."

Doc shows me a video he recently filmed from one of his drones while Ukrainian troops advanced towards a Russian trench.

There's a massive explosion as soon as the soldiers enter. The trench was empty but rigged with mines. Doc says Russian forces are now using remotely controlled mines. "When our soldiers get to the trenches they push a button and it blows up, killing our friends." He says he's seen the tactic being used over the past two weeks and calls it "a new weapon".

There is a military logic to Ukraine's offensive in the south. It's seen as key to dividing Russian forces and reaching the occupied cities of Melitopol and Mariupol - all the way to Crimea. But the focus on this axis means that Ukraine is also now attacking Russian defensive lines where they're strongest.

Slow or not, the offensive is taking place and it will definitely reach its goal

Gen Tarnavskiy said his forces were doing "hard and painstaking work". He said "any defence can be broken but you need patience time and skilful actions".

Ukraine was slowly wearing down their enemy, he said. Russia didn't care about losing men, and recent changes in their military leadership "means everything is not OK", he added. He insisted that Ukraine had yet to commit its main strike force.

"Slow or not, the offensive is taking place and it will definitely reach its goal," he says.

I ask Gen Tarnavsky how we can judge whether it's a success or a failure?

He smiles and replies: "If the offensive were not successful, I wouldn't be talking to you now."

Patients in Sudan are trapped in hospitals without electricity and water, the BBC has been told, while others needing medical care are being evacuated, as fighting continues for a third day.

"I thought we were going to die on the street," exclaims Faheem after being evacuated from a hospital with his 14-year-old daughter, Amal.

"Amal had to undergo a critical operation for a tumour in her head, following complications from previous surgeries. But we had to keep moving rooms because of the shelling. We eventually reached the ground floor. But then we were told to leave and search for a safe area."

Almost 100 people have died since the violence broke out on Saturday.

It follows a rift between two men, vying for control: the head of the army and in effect the country's president and his deputy, the leader of the formidable paramilitary group the Rapid Support Forces (RSF).

"I carried Amal as buildings around us were being bombarded. She was feeling very unwell and was being sick," Faheem explains.

The father and daughter managed to safely flee the area. Faheem told the BBC that she is doing well and they hope to return to see a doctor in a couple of weeks for a follow up visit, if possible.

While some people are being evacuated, others have been trapped in hospitals around the country for days on end.

A satellite image from 16 April reveal fires burning near a hospital in Khartoum, Sudan

Workers and volunteers have told the BBC they have endured days living under "immense psychological strain due to shortages of food and drink", as well as dealing with the fear of the ongoing indiscriminate shelling in the surrounding areas.

"We heard the sounds of bombardments and gunshots," Ashraf, who is accompanying his injured relative to a Sudanese hospital tells the BBC.

"The hospital is facing a critical issue, with no water and electricity, which puts the patients' lives at risk," Ashraf warns.

A doctor we spoke to, who has been stuck at the same hospital for three days, confirmed the worsening conditions.

"The hospital is confronted with a pressing challenge: the disruption of water and electricity supply, which is putting the remaining patients in a precarious position."

He says even though the hospital has received food aid he is worried about what will happen if the building is hit.

"They are trying to evacuate the hospital at the moment, in coordination with the concerned authorities but there is an absence of a proper evacuation plan, which is causing further concerns, as the hospital is situated in a high-risk area, vulnerable to potential attacks," he told the BBC.

Many hospitals in close proximity to the army headquarters in Sudan's capital, Khartoum, have been the hardest hit.

Bombings have resulted in severe damage to some places such as the Al-Shaab Hospital, where an ambulance driver and three others were injured.

Four other hospitals were also affected, with some being rendered completely out of service, while one police hospital has been entirely emptied out and reportedly taken over by the RSF.

Across social media, videos verified by the BBC show people evacuating one hospital, as gunshots ring out in the background. At another, a health worker can be seen trying to reassure patients about oxygen supplies running low, as a woman can be heard shouting for assistance in the background.

In another video sent directly to the BBC women can be seen sheltering in the basement of a hospital in darkness, while they prepare the evening meal to break the fast.

The Sudan doctors' union issued an urgent statement calling for the protection of health facilities as well as allowing safe passage for ambulances.

It described bombings as a clear violation of international humanitarian law and called on the international community to help.

*The names of the interviewees have been changed to protect their safety.

Local Hero was released in 1983 and is recognised as a classic

It is the story of a US petro-chemical giant seeking to build a refinery in a coastal village whose staff are won over by the gentler rhythms of local life.

The 1983 Bill Forsyth movie Local Hero was set in Scotland, but had a universal story which won over film fans around the world.

It also brought fame to a red phone box in the Aberdeenshire village of Pennan, which played a key role in the film.

On the 40th anniversary of its UK release, its stars and local people have been speaking about the film's importance.

One of the central characters is Mac MacIntyre, played by Peter Riegert.

In the film he updates his boss in America each night from the traditional red phone kiosk on the seafront. Pennan features as the fictional village of Ferness.

Speaking from his home in New York, Mr Riegert, now, 76, said the best part of being involved in Local Hero was that it was still "so fondly appreciated" 40 years on.

"Whenever I say yes to something I'm not saying yes because it's going to be a classic, because no-one knows," he told BBC Scotland.

"But it was really clear to me when we were making it that this was as good as it gets.

"It may just be the best-written screenplay I've ever read. Everything came off the page. The script was so magical. Local Hero was filled with whimsy metaphor - everything about it was right in my wheelhouse."

He described the film's setting as "a magical place".

"I realised that my job was to leave home thinking I was one person and I was going to be leaving Scotland knowing I was another person.

"There were two events that were going to influence me. One was the physical location and the other was the people.

"The light on the beach during the magic hour, I'd never seen anything like it. It was spectacular.

Pennan - with the phone box visible - is nestled at the foot of cliffs on the Aberdeenshire coast

"And that was every day we were shooting there. The sunset seemed to be changing colours - it wasn't the Northern Lights - but it was whatever that was, and to see it every night.

"I didn't have to act. I was just there being in awe."

He recalled a memorable telephone scene from the film.

"We were shooting that scene at midnight," he said.

"I was under the impression that if I had some brandy or whisky, I would stay warm. But it has the opposite effect. By the time we were finished shooting, I was so drunk.

"I went to Bill (Forsyth, the director) the next day and said I'm so sorry. And he said: 'For what?' I said: 'Oh my God I was so drunk' and he said: 'Yeah, it was very believable'."

Mr Riegert added: "I love that the movie still means so much to people. It's very thrilling to have it so well thought of."

Bill Pitt, 63, is originally from Charlestown, South Carolina, but now runs self catering cottages overlooking Pennan.

He paints and maintains the phone box with the help of Eddie Hayes.

"I think it's very important," Mr Pitt said.

"It brings people in. It's a big economic driver for the area. The phone box means a lot to people and we take it seriously that we want to keep it looking nice. It's a reflection of the community, on Pennan and the wider area.

"We just enjoy coming down here and painting it to make it look good. It's appreciated by locals, it's appreciated by visitors that come to the area."

Asked if he felt like a Mac Macintyre character himself, he said: "My wife and I moved over in 2006 and a little bit of it really had to do with the phone box and the film Local Hero.

"When we go back home to South Carolina, our heart is still here. Similar to what Mac did going back to Houston. And I think Pennan and the north east has that feeling for many people."

Mr Hayes added: "People enjoy coming and making a call from the Local Hero phone box. It makes their holiday."

"You just try to do the best job you can and hope it will be well received," the 75-year-old said.

"It's such a satisfying feeling that Local Hero has had such longevity. It's so popular in the States and has this extraordinary shelf life."

Lawson said the role was "right up there" alongside the highlights of his 50-year career.

"I am very proud of the movie, he was a great character to play," he said.

"It was a movie set in Scotland but it had a universal story. It could have been anywhere in the world."

Asked if he had a message for the film's fans, he said: "It's very moving, it's very touching, that people still have this connection with the film after 40 years and want to celebrate that.

Over the next month local events and screenings are being held to celebrate the anniversary of the film, which also starred Burt Lancaster, Peter Capaldi and Fulton Mackay.

Shona Stephen runs the Coastal Cuppie at Pennan Harbour, keeping locals and tourists refreshed.

She hopes the film's legacy lives on.

"It takes in so many tourists who just love the film," she said. "There's a real cult following I would say for Local Hero.

"For the amount of people who come and for the size of Pennan, for the iconic phone box, it's absolutely amazing.

"I meet a lot of people who have come especially to Pennan to see the telephone box - from Australia, America, New Zealand, France, Germany.

"I think we're very keen to keep it going because it's so iconic. And to celebrate the 40 years is amazing.

"I think it's something that we'll keep going forever."
• None Local Hero 40th to be celebrated in north-east - Aberdeenshire Council The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Kate Forbes served as Scotland's finance secretary from 2021 to 2023

The SNP "will be in trouble" unless the leadership takes "decisive action" on its internal affairs, former leadership candidate Kate Forbes has warned.

Speaking to the BBC, Ms Forbes said people were watching the SNP "with astonishment" and party finance claims were "mind-blowing".

She said there was "time to sort it out" but "continuity won't cut it".

The SNP has ordered a review of how the party is managed following recent controversy over its finances.

Speaking last week, newly-elected party leader Humza Yousaf said he wanted a "fresh approach" to ensure party members, as well as the public, could be "really confident" in the governance and transparency of the party.

Since the shock resignation of Nicola Sturgeon as party leader and Scotland's first minister in February, the SNP has descended into turmoil.

The subsequent leadership race exposed deep divisions in the party, and midway through the contest Peter Murrell, Ms Sturgeon's husband, stepped down as chief executive after the party misled the media about membership numbers.

Mr Murrell was arrested earlier this month as part of a police investigation into the SNP's finances. On Tuesday, SNP treasurer Colin Beattie was also arrested in relation to the same investigation. Both men were released without charge pending further investigation.

Ms Forbes - who came second in the leadership contest behind Humza Yousaf - was speaking to the Radio 4 programme - Leading Scotland Where? which airs on Wednesday at 20:30 BST.

It is her first broadcast interview since the contest and was recorded after Mr Murrell's arrest but before Mr Beattie's.

Ms Forbes told the programme: "I think we need decisive action or we will be in trouble.

"People are watching with astonishment but they want to see the leadership dealing with it and resolving it."

She added: "Right now with questions over integrity, trust, transparency - I think voters are watching extremely carefully."

Looking ahead to the next general election - expected to take place in 2024 - she said people would vote on "the basis of how we have sorted out our internal problems - even more than that how we govern".

"There is still time to sort it out. But I said throughout the campaign, I'm afraid I'm going to say it now: Continuity won't cut it."

Kate Forbes came second in the leadership contest behind Humza Yousaf but ahead of Ash Regan

Asked about the way the party had been run by Ms Sturgeon and Mr Murrell, she said: "They were obviously a very good team in the sense of managing the SNP.

"But there's no question that since then there have been lots of questions about transparency... it doesn't matter how slick the optics are, you need good governance."

She added: "We are at a pretty critical moment - and it will be the response and the reaction that determines how big a problem this is for the SNP."

Ms Forbes dismissed calls made by some in the party for a re-run of the leadership election.

But she suggested she could have won if the campaign had been longer.

She told the BBC: "One argument I think does have merit is that the contest was so short.

"I came from a standing start, I hadn't been in front-line politics for about seven months, came right into the full glare of media scrutiny and the requirement to build a team and also build a policy platform pretty quick.

"There are some who have argued who I would probably agree with that if the contest had been longer each candidate would have had more time to connect with the electorate."

Asked if she thinks she could have won, she replies: "Yeah, there's only 2,000 votes in it. But then again I also have confidence SNP members know who they are voting for."

Despite calls for unity, Ms Forbes left the cabinet in Humza Yousaf's reshuffle.

At the time, the deputy first minister Shona Robison suggested this was for a better work life balance.

But Ms Forbes said: "The primary reason that I didn't take the job was because I couldn't do positions that I'd taken during the campaign.

"Having made much of integrity - I think it was important to be able to hold to those positions.

"I know how important it is within cabinet to work together and support the decisions made."

Ms Forbes did not rule out running for the leadership again in the future but said it was "highly unlikely".

She also said she would be a loyal backbencher to Mr Yousaf.

An SNP spokesman said: "Under the fresh leadership of Humza Yousaf, the SNP has put in place the mechanisms to improve transparency and governance within the party.

"Undoubtedly, the last week has been tough for party members but Humza Yousaf is working hard to maintain the strong trust Scottish voters have placed in the SNP at election after election in recent years."

Leading Scotland Where? will be broadcast on BBC Radio 4 at 20:30 on Wednesday 19 April and available on BBC Sounds afterwards

That was a fascinating few hours.

It's fair to say Hugo Keith KC, counsel for the Inquiry, didn't pull his punches.

"You bear ministerial responsibility for that calamitous state of affairs, do you not?" Hancock was asked at one point.

By the end of the session, Hancock looked frustrated at having to constantly repeat his key message: that the UK and other western countries made a "colossal" mistake by treating Covid as something that would inevitably spread and couldn't be stopped or contained.

We were far too focused on body bags and where to bury the dead, he memorably said.

When he became health secretary in 2018, Hancock was told that the UK was one of, if not the, best prepared countries in the world for a pandemic.

In reality, planning for the impact on social care was "terrible", partly because the sector was so fractured across different private care companies, he said.

The government didn't even know how many care home residents there were at the start of the pandemic.

When Covid hit, Hancock said the public never realised how close the NHS came to running out of intensive care drugs.

Taken as a whole, the inquiry's counsel, asked if there was a "complete systemic failure" to prevent the "catastrophic consequences" of the pandemic.

"I couldn't agree more and it's an absolute tragedy," he replied.

The 12-year-old bride is seen here after arriving at the wedding reception, flanked by her young bridesmaids

A 12-year-old girl has been placed under police protection in Ghana after it emerged she had been married to a 63-year-old traditional high priest.

There was public outrage after footage of Saturday's customary wedding was shared on social media.

The office of the influential priest, who serves an indigenous community in the capital, defended the marriage, saying it was only ceremonial.

The legal minimum age to get married in Ghana is 18.

The prevalence of child marriage has declined in recent years, but it continues to happen.

Police say they have identified and tracked down the girl and she is now under their protection, along with her mother.

Contact had been made with the government's children's minister and the social welfare department to ensure the 12-year-old gets the necessary support while investigations continue, their statement added.

The story is huge news here - and the move by the police has elicited some praise, though others are questioning why there have been no arrests.

The priest in question, Nuumo Borketey Laweh Tsuru XXXIII, is a much-respected member of a community that lives in the Nungua area of the capital, Accra.

As a spiritual leader, the priest - known as a "Gborbu Wulomo" - performs sacrifices on behalf of the community, prays for their protection, enforces cultural practices and leads traditional rites during events such as the installation of traditional chiefs.

Videos and photos of the elaborate wedding show it was attended by dozens of community members and in the footage women are heard telling the girl to dress teasingly for her husband.

They also advise her to be prepared for wifely duties and to use the perfumes they gave her to boost her sexual appeal to her husband.

Community leaders say such duties would not be expected for another six years, when she would be 18.

However, civil society groups continue to condemn the marriage.

"The perceived acceptance of child marriages and the open brazen approval or defence of the practice by influential leaders of the community have the potential to embolden certain deviant behaviours like paedophilia," the Paediatric Association of Ghana has said in a statement.

According to the UN 's children's agency (Unicef), the West African nation has two million unions in which the wife was a child bride at the time of the marriage.

More than nine out of 10 married girls are not attending school, it adds.

Another recent study showed one in five young Ghanaian women aged between 20 and 24 years were married before the age of 18.

The members of the community in Nungua are part of the Ga people, who live along the south-eastern coast of Ghana.

In Ga culture, the selection of chiefs, high priests and wives of the high priest is believed to be a spiritual process.

Specific families are responsible for nominating someone for these roles to serve the gods.

In this case, the 12-year-old comes from one of the families who by tradition must provide a bride for the high priest.

For the family, it is an honour - though in most cases the chosen candidates for these roles are adults.

BBC Scotland is set to host the latest debate between the three candidates to lead the SNP. Kate Forbes, Ash Regan and Humza Yousaf will answer audience questions in Edinburgh, in a race which has exposed old divisions.

It was an occasion of real political drama, a moment when it seemed the Scottish National Party might tear itself apart.

"Those of us who put Scotland and the party above narrow personal or political obsessions cannot and will not tolerate behaviour which is divisive and harmful," thundered the SNP leader in a fiery speech.

Immediately, a group of rebel SNP members strode out of the hall in protest; raucous jeers, cheers and applause ringing in their ears.

This is not a description of the latest leadership hustings but of the SNP's 1982 conference in Ayr.

The leader was Gordon Wilson; the rebels subsequently expelled from the party included a young Alex Salmond; and their demand was for the SNP to embrace a vision of Scotland as a socialist republic.

Now, four decades later, old fissures are opening up again, with heated debate about the party's direction of travel on economics, independence and social issues.

All this is unfolding in a very different political landscape.

Having run Scotland's devolved government since 2007, the SNP of today is vastly bigger, slicker, and more successful than it was when it had only two MPs in the early '80s.

The group of rebel SNP members strode out of the party's 1982 conference in Ayr

A new generation of nationalist politicians - Kate Forbes, Ash Regan and Humza Yousaf - are not only competing for the party crown, but also to become the sixth first minister of Scotland since powers over health, education and other domestic issues were devolved from London to Edinburgh in 1999.

Neither Ms Forbes nor Mr Yousaf were born at the time of the Ayr affair. Ms Regan was at primary school.

For much of their adult lives, their party has been known for its extraordinary public unity and iron political discipline, first under Mr Salmond and then, following Scotland's rejection of independence in the 2014 referendum, under Nicola Sturgeon.

But trouble was brewing well before Ms Sturgeon announced her shock resignation last month, triggering the leadership contest.

Her ministry had been under pressure on economics from both left and right; on independence from frustrated members of both the SNP and Mr Salmond's breakaway Alba Party; and on gender reform from critics led by the Harry Potter author JK Rowling.

The SNP has been known for its public unity and political discipline

First, the economics. Since bringing the Scottish Green Party into government two years ago to support her minority administration, the first minister had been accused of indulging an anti-growth agenda.

This was allegedly exemplified by her rejection of new drilling for oil and gas, the imposition on business of an unpopular bottle recycling scheme, and plans to curb alcohol advertising.

Despite raising taxes on the richest Scots, the SNP leader was also accused by the left of cosying up to capitalists.

Jonathon Shafi, the author of a pro-independence newsletter called Independence Captured, argues that the SNP has been "captured by corporate lobbyists".

He accuses the Scottish government of embracing neoliberal economic policies which prioritise capital over labour by, for example, flogging off national green energy resources on the cheap, and forming an alliance with the Conservatives to create freeports, which he derides as "tax havens".

Ms Sturgeon rejects such criticism but economic issues have been a key part of the campaign so far.

A special edition of the Debate Night programme will air at 20:00 on BBC One Scotland. The candidates will face questions from an audience of voters from across the political spectrum in Edinburgh.

The debate, hosted Stephen Jardine, will also be streamed live on the BBC News website and on BBC iPlayer.

Kate Forbes, currently on maternity leave from her role as finance secretary, is often described as the most business-friendly contender, although she stresses that she champions growth for a purpose: to secure independence and end poverty.

Ms Forbes has described the bottle return scheme as having the potential to cause "economic carnage". She argues that after Covid, Brexit, and energy price hikes, firms should be given "a bit of breathing space".

Mr Yousaf and Ms Regan have also expressed reservations about the scheme, and all three candidates have raised concerns about the potential impact of a proposed advertising ban on Scotland's £5.5bn whisky industry.

If either Ms Forbes or Ms Regan is victorious, the power-sharing deal with the Greens would appear to be in jeopardy while Mr Yousaf is generally seen as the continuity candidate, a position which has opened him up to the kind of attacks rarely seen since the intra-party warfare of the 1980s.

When Ms Forbes used a debate televised by STV to trash Mr Yousaf's record as transport minister, justice secretary and health secretary, it felt like a lid had blown off a simmering pot.

"More of the same is not a manifesto," said Ms Forbes, "it's an acceptance of mediocrity."

In the next debate, hosted by Channel 4 News, Mr Yousaf hit back, accusing his rival of being the Conservatives' favoured candidate.

The Scottish Tories, he claimed, were "rooting for you to win".

Labour senses an opportunity here, both for Sir Keir Starmer's attempts to win the keys to 10 Downing Street in London and for Anas Sarwar's ambition to one day move into the first minister's official residence, Bute House in Edinburgh.

In Monday's Sky News debate all three candidates said that in the event of a hung parliament at Westminster they would, in theory, prop up a minority Labour government in return for the formal transfer to Holyrood of the power to hold a second referendum on independence, a deal which Sir Keir has repeatedly insisted he would not strike under any circumstances.

And in an attempt to win back voters Labour have lost to the SNP, the party's sole MP in Scotland, Ian Murray, who represents Edinburgh South, has resurrected the old "Tartan Tory" label which was often applied to the SNP under Gordon Wilson.

Sir Keir Starmer with Anas Sarwar on a visit to Glasgow last week

He has accused Ms Forbes of right-wing economics, even though her plan to grow the economy to invest in public services has distinct echoes of New Labour.

What, though, of the national question? Here too there is division and discord, as well as potential opportunity.

"As Albert Camus said: 'Freedom is nothing but a chance to do better'," said Steve Norris, convener of the SNP's Kirkcudbright and District branch in the south west of Scotland.

He regards this leadership election as probably the most important in the party's history.

He is impressed with Ms Forbes, describing her as "honest, straight, true and brimful of integrity".

Mr Norris is also complimentary about Ms Regan, saying: "She's got her own ideas about how we achieve our march towards independence and that has attracted a lot of members...to her side."

Steve Norris is convener of the SNP's Kirkcudbright and District branch

Crucially, those ideas do not involve holding another referendum on leaving the UK.

Instead Ms Regan would treat all future Westminster and Holyrood elections as referendums in all but name. If at any point pro-independence parties polled more than 50% of the vote, Ms Regan says this would constitute a mandate to open negotiations with London.

"The ballot box is the gold standard of democracy," she says - insisting that if the UK government at first refused to enter talks, international outrage would force it to climb down, a claim rejected by both Labour and the Tories.

In the meantime, the MSP for Edinburgh Eastern says that as first minister she would focus on running the Scottish government, with work on preparing for secession devolved to an Independence Convention and an Independence Commission.

At a hustings in Fife, Ms Regan suggested that voters could be alerted to the moment "we've solved" all of the problems standing in the way of independence by means of a public installation in Glasgow or Edinburgh to be known as a Readiness Thermometer.

The current temperature of the thermometer is unclear, although by Ms Regan's own logic it is presumably not yet hot enough for independence.

Ash Regan resigned as community safety minister over the gender reforms

Ms Forbes' approach to the issue is at once fast and slow.

Fast because she has pledged to, somehow, obtain the power from Westminster to hold a referendum within three months of winning a majority at the next Westminster election.

Slow because she says independence will only be secured by winning over undecided voters through a strategy of patient competence.

"We maximise that support through good governance; a growing, thriving economy; a mission to eradicate poverty; and demonstrating that Scotland's better days are ahead with independence," says the MSP for Skye, Lochaber and Badenoch.

Mr Yousaf's message is not dissimilar. "Don't get bogged down in process," he argues. Focus on making the case for independence, and the path will become clear.

He has distanced himself from the controversial policy, which appears to have contributed to Ms Sturgeon's downfall, of turning the next general election into a de facto referendum on independence, stating over and over that he's "not wedded to it".

Humza Yousaf has been portrayed as the continuity candidate

The MSP for Glasgow Pollok is dismissive of the notion that Westminster would agree to begin independence negotiations in the event of pro-independence parties winning more than 50% of the vote in a general election.

"When we need to get them on a phone call they don't even bloody come on the phone, right, let alone telling them to come up the road and demanding that they take part in negotiations," he said.

Mr Yousaf has a similarly blunt assessment of Westminster on the other big issue which has split the SNP - gender.

"There's a fundamental principle here about our democracy which is under attack," he told me on the day of his campaign launch.

To recap, briefly: in December, after a lengthy and fractious process, the Scottish Parliament approved legislation which would have lowered from 18 to 16 the age at which someone could change the sex on their birth certificate, as well as removing medical and administrative hurdles to doing so.

Ms Regan had resigned on principle as community safety minister rather than vote for the law, which she opposed.

Kate Forbes said she would have voted against gay marriage

Then, arguing that the Scottish bill contravened Britain's Equality Act by making it harder to exclude people born biologically male from women-only spaces, the UK government took the unprecedented step of blocking it from receiving royal assent.

Ms Forbes - who told me that she too would have voted against the law, had she not been on maternity leave at the time - said she was "loath" to challenge Rishi Sunak's government on the matter in court, instead suggesting that the conflict could be solved by Holyrood amending the legislation.

Ms Regan is not convinced that is possible. She proposes dropping the bill and sending the issue of gender to a citizens' assembly for consideration.

Mr Yousaf diverges dramatically from the other two candidates on this point though, insisting it is vital to take the case to court.

"There's a fundamental principle here about our democracy which is under attack," he told me. This argument is rejected by the UK government, which insists it is acting entirely properly within the structures of the Scotland Act which established devolution.

This is not the only social issue roiling the campaign.

Ms Forbes, a member of the Calvinist Free Church of Scotland, has attracted strong criticism for saying she would have voted against gay marriage had she been a politician at the time it became law in 2014.

Her stance has also attracted some praise.

"I actually really commend her for her honesty," says Alec Ross, an SNP member who owns an agricultural business in Stranraer.

Mr Yousaf, who is a Muslim, has denied that he dodged the final vote on the subject in 2014 for religious reasons.

Despite Kate Forbes insisting that she would defend the hard-won rights of any minority, including gay people, a slew of SNP parliamentarians deserted her campaign, leaving Mr Yousaf heavily favoured by the party establishment, including the key figure of Deputy First Minister John Swinney.

This has led supporters of the two women in the race to cry foul, claiming that the hierarchy is doing all it can to stitch up the contest for Mr Yousaf.

They point to the case of South of Scotland MSP Emma Harper, who broke the rules by using her party email address to campaign for the health secretary.

Màiri McAllan, the environment, biodiversity and land reform minister who is often tipped as a future SNP leader herself, and who is backing Mr Yousaf, denies any foul play, pointing out that Ms Harper's email privileges were suspended as a result.

"I think the fact that the parliamentary group has largely supported Humza is much more about his record and what his vision is for the party and for Scotland than anything to do with any conspiracies," she told me.

To distinguish the party from Labour and the Conservatives, she adds: "It's more important than ever that the SNP is that centre-left, socially democratic progressive party."

Forty-one years after the stushie in Ayr the battle continues to rage for the SNP's cultural, political, and economic soul.

Prince Harry is claiming up to £440,000 in damages for newspaper articles published by Mirror Group Newspapers which he alleges breached his privacy.

Amounts being claimed were released on the final day of the trial examining allegations of phone hacking.

The case has been brought by Prince Harry and three others.

Prince Harry's lawyers have highlighted 33 stories in their claim, including reports about his ex-girlfriend Chelsy Davy and his drug taking.

The duke's lawyers initially suggested he could be awarded up to £320,000 if his case is successful in relation to the 33 stories.

In a document released later, they said he is also seeking further damages of about £120,000. This relates to allegations of unlawful information gathering by MGN publications, including over the targeting of his late mother, Diana Princess of Wales.

A barrister for MGN said this week the Duke of Sussex was only entitled to £500 for a private investigator's attempt to get personal details about him.

The highest damages application is for a 2005 "splash" on the front page in the Daily Mirror which reported the prince's then-girlfriend Chelsy Davy was to "dump him".

A second article was headlined "Chelsy Is Not Happy".

His lawyers said the story included photos of Prince Harry and Chelsy Davy taken at a distance and went into detail about the state of their relationship.

They claimed highly specific details of telephone contact between the couple were included.

Lawyers alleged a private investigator and "flight and call data blagger" in South Africa helped with details for the story.

A court document stated: "The article came at a difficult and vulnerable time for the Duke of Sussex, where details of his mistakes were played out so publicly."

"Whilst the Duke of Sussex was remorseful for his actions, the article added to his embarrassment by revealing the impact on his personal relationship with Ms Davy, with humiliating details of private arguments between the couple and added to his sense of distrust and paranoia of those around him."

The second highest award claimed, £25,000, relates to a story in the Sunday People in 2003.

It reported a disagreement between Prince Harry and the Prince of Wales over whether to meet Princess Diana's former butler Paul Burrell who had angered the brothers by selling secrets about their mother.

Prince Harry's lawyers said the article contained "private and sensitive information" about the disagreement.

He believed the language used mirrors voicemail messages he would have left for Prince William at the time suggesting he was the victim of phone hacking.

Prince Harry is claiming £20,000 for a Daily Mirror story in 2002 suggesting he had hosted parties where he and friends had taken cocaine and ecstasy.

It quoted the duke as saying he "only used cannabis spliffs" and his father Charles, now King, as saying he felt "huge relief" at this comment.

The document said Prince Harry did not supply the quote and links the story to a series of payments to a tracing agency the claimants said was involved in unlawful information gathering.

Prince Harry was at Eton at the time which had a zero-tolerance drugs policy.

Claim records for articles relating to the actors Nikki Sanderson and Michael Turner have also been released.

The Coronation Street actor Ms Sanderson's claims totalled more than £331,000 with the biggest demand for £75,000 relating to a single story about her difficult relationship with her father.

This was "heart-breaking, traumatic and humiliating" she said, suggesting information about her had been gathered illicitly.

Mr Turner is claiming more than £131,000 for stories including coverage of his trauma over being accused and cleared of sexual offences.

In the final hours of the trial the defendant's barrister Andrew Green KC argued there was no objective evidence Prince Harry's phone had been hacked.

He questioned whether his opponents had proved any of the claims they had made.

Prince Harry's barrister David Sherborne criticised Mr Green for repeatedly describing private investigators who had been convicted of criminal offences as "rotters".

Mr Sherborne said he had become "something out of a Beano comic, by describing a few rotters who did a few naughty things. That exemplifies the truly dismissive nature of the defendant's attitude to the thousands of victims".

Judgement in the case is not expected for months.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Parts of the US are expected to see record temperatures on Sunday, with warnings of "dangerous" heat levels into next week across the south-west.

Nearly a third of Americans - about 113 million people - are currently under heat advisories, from Florida to California and up to Washington state.

The country's National Weather Service (NWS) has urged people not to underestimate the risk to life.

On Saturday, a sweltering 118F (48C) was recorded in Phoenix, Arizona.

It means temperatures have hit 110F (43C) for 16 days running, which is almost a record.

Mobile clinics there have reported treating homeless people suffering from third-degree burns.

Meanwhile, Death Valley in California - one of the hottest places in the world - is forecast to reach 129F (54C), nearing the hottest temperatures ever reliably recorded on Earth.

The NWS has said that local records could also be set on Sunday in the San Joaquin Valley, Mojave Desert, and Great Basin regions.

Its Saturday-evening update said the temperatures would "pose a health risk and are potentially deadly to anyone without effective cooling and/or adequate hydration".

About 700 people are estimated to die each year from heat-related causes in the US, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).

Energy consumption in Texas has surpassed records, as many in the state scramble to stay cool.

In neighbouring Canada, officials say wildfires stoked by above-average temperatures - which have covered parts of the US in smoke - have now burned nearly 10 million hectares (25 million acres) of land.

The temperatures in America's south-west are the result of an upper level ridge of high pressure, which typically brings with it warmer temperatures, the NWS said earlier, adding that the heatwave was "one of the strongest" systems of its kind to hit the region.

Las Vegas, Nevada, may also match its all-time high of 117F (47C) in the next few days.

Weather officials there warned locals who thought they could handle the temperatures that this was "not your typical desert heat".

"'It's the desert, of course it's hot'- This is a DANGEROUS mind set!", the NWS in Las Vegas tweeted.

"This heatwave is NOT typical desert heat due to its long duration, extreme daytime temperatures, & warm nights. Everyone needs to take this heat seriously, including those who live in the desert."

A woman suffering from heat exhaustion is taken into a medical centre in Texas

The NWS also warned that "strong to severe thunderstorms, heavy rain and flooding will be possible in several locations," including America's north-eastern New England region.

Parts of the south-western US have already grappled with intensely hot temperatures over the past week. In El Paso, Texas, temperatures have been in the triple-digits Fahrenheit for 27 consecutive days.

Air conditioner use in the state has topped its previous record for power consumption as people try to stay cool, while parks, museums and zoos have either closed or shortened their hours.

Hospitals were also seeing heat-related admissions.

"We're getting a lot of heat-related illness now, a lot of dehydration, heat exhaustion," said Dr Ashkan Morim, who works in the emergency room at Dignity Health Siena Hospital, outside of Las Vegas.

Overnight temperatures were expected to remain "abnormally warm" in some areas, offering little night-time relief from the heat.

The US heatwave mirrors similar searing conditions in Europe, which forced Greece to close one of its major tourist attractions, the Acropolis, on Friday and Saturday.

The first week of July saw a global average temperature of 63F (17.23C), according to the UN - the highest ever recorded.

Scientists say the temperatures are being driven by climate change and the naturally occurring weather pattern known as El Niño, which happens every three to seven years and causes temperatures to rise.

The world has already warmed by about 1.1C since the industrial era began and temperatures will keep rising unless governments around the world make steep cuts to emissions.

Speaking to the BBC, Paolo Ceppi, a lecturer in climate science at Imperial College London, said higher global temperatures were undoubtedly contributing to the increased incidence of extreme weather.

"Of course it's not unusual to have a heatwave in the summer, per se, but what's becoming really unusual is the collection of heatwaves," he said.

"We have this event in southern Europe, but at the same time, we're having another major heatwave in the southern US. Recently we had heatwaves in south Asia, India, China and so on. And unfortunately, this is not surprising.

"We have the baseline temperatures shifting upwards, and so you are shifting the odds towards more severe extreme events, and fewer cold extreme events."

How have you been affected by the extreme heat? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Four people have been injured during an annual bull run through the streets of Pamplona in Spain.

Every year thousands of tourists come to watch locals run 875m (0.54 miles) through the streets, chased by bulls, but animal rights activists have long-criticised the festival.

Three people were trampled during the event and one person was injured by a bull's horns, emergency services said.

Berlusconi's three children by his second wife - Eleonora, Barbara and Luigi - were among the many mourners paying their final respects

Italy has held a state funeral for ex-Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, attended by political leaders, his family and a string of ex-girlfriends.

Thousands of mourners gathered in Milan's main square to say a final farewell to the one-time cruise singer who led Italy with no prior political experience and built a media empire.

As Berlusconi's coffin entered the cathedral, they chanted: "Silvio will always be our president."

There were flags, tears and applause.

The Archbishop of Milan led the funeral, in a cathedral packed with 2,000 relatives, friends, and allies and rivals from Italian politics and business. Hungarian leader Viktor Orban and the Emir of Qatar, Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani, were among the few figures from the world stage.

"To be happy means to love parties, to enjoy life to the fullest, and to have a sense of humour," said Archbishop Mario Delpini in a homily that encapsulated the four-time prime minister's flamboyant life.

Berlusconi was a divisive figure for Italians, and renowned abroad for his crude jokes and so-called bunga-bunga parties.

In the front row of the cathedral were his five children, who have been catapulted into the limelight, as part of an inevitable succession story.

Berlusconi's coffin left the cathedral flanked by Carabinieri police in plumed helmets

During his lifetime, Berlusconi amassed a vast empire that spanned media, real estate, finance, cinema and sport - as well as a powerful political party that is part of Italy's current government.

He was one of Italy's richest men. According to Forbes, his business assets are worth about €6bn (£5.15bn).

But he never publicly indicated who should lead his business empire after his death and there are also big questions over the future of the Forza Italia party he created.

Berlusconi has two children from his first marriage and three from his second. All of them have stakes in Fininvest, his holding company.

The future of his business interests will likely depend on how he has chosen to distribute the 61% stake he had in Fininvest.

Will there be equal shares for all, or more for the two eldest children, Marina and Pier Silvio, who have held management roles in the empire since the early 1990s?

This 1993 picture shows Silvio Berlusconi with his wife Veronica and their 3 children, Luigi, Eleonora and Barbara

Other valuable assets are undoubtedly Berlusconi's numerous luxurious villas. They could be tricky to pass on to his offspring in an equal way.

His Villa San Martino in Arcore, north-east of Milan, covers 3,500 sq m and dates back to the 18th Century. He also has homes at Lake Maggiore, in Rome, Cannes, the Caribbean and elsewhere.

The jewel in Berlusconi's crown of properties is Villa Certosa, a mansion in Sardinia that he bought in the 1970s.

He hosted world leaders there, from Vladimir Putin to George W. Bush. It has 126 rooms and looks like a theme park - including a fake volcano that erupts lava. Its value is estimated at €259m.

People close to the family have described Berlusconi as "the glue" who kept his children united.

There has been no dispute so far over who takes over the empire - that is expected to fall to his oldest child Marina, 56, considered closest of the five to her father.

The big question is whether that family unity can be maintained now that Berlusconi has gone, and what impact that might have on the future of his business empire.

Berlusconi's eldest daughter Marina (L) was considered closest of the five children to him. His girlfriend Martina Fascina is to her right

His death could prove disastrous for the future of his political party. Can Forza Italia survive without its charismatic creator - or could it fall apart in a matter of months?

He was the ultimate populist leader, and unsurprisingly, the party he created was entirely shaped around his persona.

His right-hand man, foreign minister Antonio Tajani, has categorically denied its future is at risk: "It's unthinkable that the party would disappear."

But Forza Italia's share of the vote had already slipped to 8% in last September's general election.

Many Italians who backed the party did so because they were Berlusconi loyalists and it will be tricky to appoint a successor they will warm to.

In reality, party members will probably look to the Berlusconi family to make a decision.

Will the two eldest, Marina and Pier Silvio, want to keep investing in their father's political creation, or will they turn off the financial tap and cut their losses?

Pier Silvio Berlusconi runs the commercial TV side of the family's Fininvest holding

Without their financial support, Forza Italia has no chance of surviving. Berlusconi heavily funded his party - reportedly injecting it with nearly €100m.

There is some speculation that Marina could succeed him as leader, but for now this remains a rumour. She is seen as more of a behind-the-scenes operator.

Another unknown is Berlusconi's partner Marta Fascina, who is 53 years his junior. She's an MP in his party and has said several times that "her passion is politics and she grew up with the myth of Silvio Berlusconi".

Berlusconi's eldest daughter reportedly blocked his plan to marry her last year. So there is a cloud over Ms Fascina's future role in her late partner's party.

One thing is certain: if Forza Italia does fracture, it would be a big problem for the other members of Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni's coalition government.

In a country so well-known for regular political crises, a government collapse triggered by the disintegration of one of the coalition partners does not seem such an unlikely scenario.

Until now, Berlusconi's children have avoided the limelight. But his death might force them to emerge from the shadows to take the reins of his empire.

Berlusconi had health problem for years so it is likely he and his children had thought all of this through.

They might opt for an easy transition heralded by their eldest sister Marina, rather than get into a succession battle which could go wrong.

A jury has been sworn in ahead of the trial of Oscar-winning actor Kevin Spacey for alleged sex offences.

The 63-year-old Hollywood star has previously denied the 12 charges against four men, including sexual assault and indecent assault.

Wearing a navy suit, light blue shirt and pink tie, he smiled and waved as he walked into London's Southwark Crown Court on Wednesday.

He arrived in a taxi, and took a moment to say good morning to those gathered.

Before the jury panel was selected, Mr Justice Mark Wall told prospective jurors Mr Spacey would be "gratified to know that many of you will know his name or have seen his films", and said it would not preclude them from hearing the case.

Two reserve jurors were also selected to sit through the opening of the prosecution.

Mr Justice Wall told the jury panel of 14 that the case is one which has "quite obviously" attracted a lot of media attention but that they "must avoid this coverage where you can".

"A particular danger, especially in a case like this where the defendant has a public profile, is using your computer to research things" he said.

"You must avoid please using it in any way for anything to do with this trial."

Mr Spacey saw the jury sworn in on Wednesday morning

Jurors are set to hear about allegations against Spacey from between 2001 and 2013, with the full charge sheet read in open court.

The actor pleaded not guilty in January to three counts of indecent assault, three counts of sexual assault and one count of causing a person to engage in sexual activity without consent.

The two-time Academy Award winner also previously denied four further charges of sexual assault and one count of causing a person to engage in penetrative sexual activity without consent.

Spacey has an address in Waterloo, south London, but also lives in the US, where he has family and a dog.

Mr Spacey was artistic director of the Old Vic theatre in London between 2004 and 2015

In an initial court hearing at Westminster Magistrates' Court in June, Mr Spacey's lawyer, Patrick Gibbs QC, said his client "strenuously denies any and all criminality in this case".

Mr Gibbs said the defendant returned to the UK "to establish his innocence" and "proceed with his life".

The actor was the artistic director at the Old Vic theatre in London between 2004 and 2015.

His acting credits include The Usual Suspects and American Beauty, both of which he won Academy Awards for, and more recently a lead role as Francis Underwood in the Netflix political drama House of Cards.

Spacey is on unconditional bail and prosecutor Christine Agnew KC is due to open the case on Friday.

London Mayor Sadiq Khan has defended expanding a tax on polluting vehicles, despite his party leader blaming it for a disappointing by-election result.

Sir Keir told the BBC the Ultra Low Emission Zone (Ulez) had cost Labour victory in Uxbridge and South Ruislip.

He called on Mr Khan to "reflect" on his plan to expand it to outer London.

But the mayor said the measure was "the right one", though he added he would listen to Londoners' concerns.

Conservative candidate Steve Tuckwell held the outer London constituency for his party by 495 votes, after campaigning against Ulez.

Labour overturned a much bigger Conservative majority than the one the party had in Uxbridge in another by-election held on the same day in North Yorkshire.

Sir Keir Starmer said Uxbridge and South Ruislip was always "going to be tough - we didn't take it in 1997 when we had a landslide victory".

He said Ulez was "the reason we didn't win there yesterday", saying "we've all got to reflect on that, including the mayor".

He declined to say whether he believed the Ulez expansion should be paused or scrapped, despite being repeatedly pressed by BBC Political Editor Chris Mason to say what he meant by "reflect".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The Labour leader is pressed on what he means by the need to "reflect" on expanding London's Ulez zone.

Sadiq Khan said he was disappointed Labour had not taken a constituency previously held by former prime minister Boris Johnson, but noted it had "never been Labour in my lifetime".

He said clean air was "a human right, not a privilege", adding "Londoners are struggling through this cost-of-living crisis, but Londoners are also suffering the consequences of air pollution".

He acknowledged that some people were worried about the costs of Ulez, but took a swipe at the government, saying it was "a shame" ministers had not offered "a penny of support" towards a scrappage scheme for polluting - generally older - vehicles.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The Mayor of London defends the Ulez expansion which was a big issue in the Uxbridge and South Ruislip by-election.

Mr Khan has argued that making the clean-air zone three times larger from 29 August will improve London's air quality, but it has proved hugely contentious in outer London areas like Uxbridge and South Ruislip.

During the campaign, Labour's candidate Danny Beales said he wanted the expansion halted because of the cost-of-living crisis.

In his victory speech, Mr Tuckwell said Mr Khan's "damaging and costly Ulez policy" had lost Labour the seat.

"This wasn't the campaign Labour expected and Keir Starmer and his mayor Sadiq Khan need to sit up and listen to the Uxbridge and South Ruislip residents," he

He later met Prime Minister Rishi Sunak in a cafe in Uxbridge, where Mr Sunak said that "when confronted with the actual reality of the Labour Party, when there's an actual choice on a matter of substance at stake, people vote Conservative".

Earlier, Labour's deputy leader Angela Rayner said the Uxbridge result was related to Ulez and showed that "when you don't listen to voters, you don't win elections".

"There is a concern that we have to make sure that whatever is implemented is not at the cost of working families," she told BBC Breakfast.

Ms Rayner added that cities needed clean air, but people who had to replace polluting vehicles also needed "proper compensation and support from the government".

Asked whether she would be urging Mr Khan to drop the policy, she said the party would be "getting round the table" and would continue to work with the London mayor "to get a decent scrappage scheme".

An ultra low emission zone was initially proposed by then-Conservative mayor Boris Johnson in 2013 and introduced in central London in 2019, expanding a previous low-emission zone for larger vehicles like buses, lorries and coaches that was itself introduced in 2008.

Under Mr Khan, it was extended to cover the area within the North and South Circular roads in 2021.

The new expansion will see the zone's outer borders reach Buckinghamshire, Essex, Hertfordshire, Kent and Surrey.

Drivers must pay £12.50 per day if they drive a vehicle which doesn't meet modern emission standards: generally, diesel vehicles that are more than seven years old, or petrol vehicles that are more than 17 years old. If they do not pay, drivers face a maximum £180 fine.

The by-election took place in Uxbridge and South Ruislip after Boris Johnson decided to step down as an MP last month.

Despite its disappointment in failing to take the outer London constituency, Labour made history by overturning its biggest majority at a by-election since 1945 in Selby and Ainsty.

The Liberal Democrats won the Somerton and Frome by-election by more than 11,000 votes.

The number of people living in temporary accommodation in England has hit a 25-year high, according to the latest official figures.

Almost 105,000 households were in temporary accommodation, including more than 131,000 children, on 31 March this year.

This figure is 10% up on the same day last year, the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities data shows.

In Plymouth, one mum told BBC News of cramped conditions living in a hotel.

This latest figure for temporary accommodation surpasses a previous high of 101,300 reached in 2004, and is the highest since records began in 1998.

The figures also show almost 14,000 households were in hotels or bed and breakfasts in the three months to March.

Sitting outside a hotel in Plymouth earlier this month, we found several homeless families keeping each other company.

The busiest was Chantelle Walton, tending to her two children.

Jack is just five weeks old and has only ever known the one hotel room that he shares with his parents and 17-month-old sister, Lily.

Chantelle and her family were made homeless four months ago in a no-fault eviction

Chantelle says the family were made homeless four months ago after being served with a Section 21 notice, or no-fault eviction.

"Its very difficult," says the 21-year-old. "He wakes up crying for a bottle and wakes her up, and she thinks it's morning and gets up."

Their room has a small fridge and a microwave, "so we can sterilise his bottles". The lack of any decent cooking facilities means - like the dozens of other families in the hotel - they often have to eat out.

Even though her partner works full-time as an engineer, their age, says Chantelle, is working against them: "Because we're so young, no-one will take you on without a guarantor, and we don't have a guarantor."

There are currently more than 200 families living in hotels and bed and breakfasts in Plymouth, and the local council estimates it will spend £6.8m supporting them this year, about 10 times more than five years ago.

"The whole system's broken," says Chris Penberthy, the lead member for housing.

"We don't have enough affordable housing for people who need it. So our waiting list has gone from 8,000 to 12,500 in the last three years.

"That means that when people are in temporary accommodation, there's nowhere for them to move to, which means that there's nowhere for people in bed and breakfast to move to."

The figures also show a sharp rise in homelessness in older people, in the year to 31 March, with a 33.3% increase in the number of homeless households with a priority need due to old age.

At the root of the problem, say campaigners, is a lack of housing, exacerbated by a decision by ministers to freeze local housing allowance rates for the past three years.

Amid soaring rents, that choice has left much of the country unaffordable for any household needing housing benefit to help pay their rent, while in many areas, landlords are leaving the sector.

Dorothy Dawson has been renting out her home in Devon for 16 years but recently agreed to sell the property, blaming government plans to ban no-fault evictions in England and rising costs.

"My buy-to-let mortgage is going to triple. The council tax between tenants has gone up, the standing charges on the utilities have gone up. It's not worth it," she says.

Shelter says the instability of private renting is a major contributor to rising homelessness.

The charity is urging ministers to press ahead with the Renters (Reform) Bill, to ban no-fault evictions.

"It must be made law at the earliest opportunity," chief executive Polly Neate said.

Crisis chief executive Matt Downie said: "Once again, we see the crippling cost that years of no investment in housing benefit and a shameful lack of social house building is having by trapping families in temporary accommodation."

A government official said it had "given £2bn over three years to help local authorities tackle homelessness and rough sleeping, targeted to areas where it is needed most".

"The government is also improving availability of social housing," the official said.

"We are committed to delivering 300,000 new homes per year and investing £11.5bn to build the affordable quality homes this country needs."

Have you been affected by the issues raised in this story? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Uproar on the streets of Paris and jeers in parliament over retirement age increase

Police in Paris have clashed with protesters after the French government decided to force through pension reforms without a vote in parliament.

Crowds converged on Place de la Concorde in response to raising the retirement age from 62 to 64.

The plans had sparked two months of heated political debate and strikes.

Finally, Prime Minister Élisabeth Borne invoked article 49:3 of the constitution - allowing the government to avoid a vote in the Assembly.

The decision was taken minutes before MPs were scheduled to vote on the controversial bill, because there was no guarantee of winning a majority.

The move caused fury among opposition politicians. Many jeered the prime minister, sang La Marseillaise and held up signs of protest in parliament.

A no-confidence motion was filed against President Emmanuel Macron's government on Friday by a group of opposition parties.

Leader of left-wing party La France Insoumise (LFI), Mathilde Panot, tweeted that Mr Macron had plunged the country into a government crisis, without parliamentary or popular legitimacy.

Thousands of people came out on the streets of Paris and other French cities to reject the move, singing the national anthem and waving trade union flags.

Some protesters clashed with police as evening fell. A fire was lit in the middle of the Place de la Concorde and police with shields and batons fired tear gas and moved to clear the square.

By nightfall, 120 people had been arrested, Paris police told AFP news agency.

But unions vowed to maintain their opposition to the pension changes, with the Confédération Générale du Travail (CGT) saying another day of strikes and demonstrations was being planned for Thursday 23 March.

The constitutional procedure that has prompted all this anger may sound obscure, but it is very much part of the political vocabulary in France.

Even though Mr Macron was re-elected last year on a platform of retirement reforms, his ruling coalition has no majority in the Assembly and would have needed support from the Republicans party to pass the pension changes.

Officials from Mr Macron's Renaissance party spent the morning desperately whipping members into line in a bid to pass their bill.

They knew some of their MPs could vote against or abstain, faced with the evident unpopularity of the bill, so they resorted to special constitutional powers.

But whenever a government invokes the 49:3, it can be sure it will be accused straight away of riding roughshod over the will of the people.

In fact, it has been used precisely 100 times in the more than 60 years of the Fifth Republic, and by governments of all shades.

Obviously, it tends to be used more frequently by governments that do not have an in-built majority in parliament, such as the socialist Michel Rocard's in the 1980s and Élisabeth Borne's today.

She has in fact already used it several times, but those occasions were for public finance bills which were less controversial.

Use of the procedure is a way to bypass a vote which might be lost, but the down side for the government is that the opposition parties can immediately table a vote of no-confidence.

If these are voted through, the government falls. That is a theoretical possibility now, but unlikely, because it would mean the far-right, the left and much of the conservative opposition all coming together.

The dispute once again makes France look unreformable. By comparison with other countries in Europe, the change to the pension age is far from dramatic.

But the bill is regularly described by opponents as "brutal", "inhuman" and "degrading".

Morale in France is low and getting lower, and people see retirement as a bright spot in the future. But many feel that this is a rich man's government taking even that away.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Amjal Shahpal praised the killer of French school teacher Samuel Paty for being "as brave as a lion" on Twitter

A man who posted an image of a terrorism victim's severed head on Twitter, urging others to decapitate those who insult Islam, has been found guilty of encouraging terrorist acts.

Ajmal Shahpal also praised the killer of French school teacher Samuel Paty for being "as brave as a lion".

The 41-year-old, of Birkin Avenue in Radford, Nottingham, was convicted after a trial at Birmingham Crown Court.

He is due to be sentenced on 13 April.

Jurors deliberated for about five hours before convicting Shahpal by majority verdicts of one count of intentionally encouraging terrorist acts and one of doing so recklessly.

Ajmal Shahpal was on trial at Birmingham Crown Court

He was cleared of a third charge of encouraging acts of terrorism.

After the verdicts, Judge Melbourne Inman KC rejected a bail application and remanded Shahpal in custody.

The judge told him: "You have been convicted of two offences. Obviously I will have to decide what the sentence is in due course, but a custodial sentence is inevitable for this type of offence.

"In the circumstances therefore, you will be remanded in custody pending your sentence."

A two-week trial was told Shahpal was arrested at his home in March 2021 after tweeting messages backing a Pakistan-based political party which supported the "out-of-hand murder of those who it thinks have committed blasphemy".

Opening the Crown's case against Shahpal at the start of the trial, prosecutor Dan Pawson-Pounds said: "This is a case about terrorism, that is the encouragement by this defendant of others to commit acts of terrorism.

"He did that by publishing tweets on his Twitter account which specifically encouraged others to behead those who he believed had insulted his religion, his religion being Islam."

Jurors were told Shahpal, originally from Kashmir, sent some of the tweets on his open account on 26 September 2020, a day after Charlie Hebdo's former office in Paris was targeted for a second time by Islamic extremist Zaheer Hassan Mehmood.

The court was also told he expressed support for extremists who had attacked those he viewed as blasphemers, including French school teacher Samuel Paty, who was killed on 16 October 2020.

He also tweeted an image of the severed head of Mr Paty lying on the street, saying that "the insolent had been sent to hell".

Samuel Paty was killed after receiving threats when he showed cartoons of Mohammed to a class

Further tweets said that whoever insulted Islam should be killed, and threatened the French government.

During his evidence, Shahpal claimed he was retweeting other people's views "just to have some more followers".

He told jurors he did not know he had retweeted a picture of Mr Paty's severed head, claiming: "At the time I did not know what picture it was that I was retweeting.

"A friend of mine who set up this account for me, he told me that if you do this, you are going to get more followers."

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, on Twitter, or on Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The Duke of Sussex is one of a number of high-profile figures bringing damages claims against Mirror Group Newspapers

Prince Harry will be at the centre of a trial against a newspaper publisher over phone-hacking allegations.

The Duke of Sussex is one of a number of high-profile figures bringing damages claims against Mirror Group Newspapers (MGN) over alleged unlawful information gathering.

The trial is due to begin on 9 May, the week after the King's coronation.

He is one of a handful of representative claimants selected as test cases at a hearing in London.

Other celebrities involved in the case include the singer and former Girls Aloud star Cheryl, the estate of the late singer George Michael, ex-footballer and TV presenter Ian Wright and actor Ricky Tomlinson.

Mr Justice Fancourt ruled on Wednesday that the duke's claim should be one of those tried, saying it was an "obvious selection" because his claim covers an extensive period of time and 24 private investigators.

The court heard that the duke's case is that 148 articles published between 1996 and 2010 included information that was allegedly obtained through unlawful means, including phone hacking.

The estate of the late singer George Michael (pictured in 2013) is also involved in the legal action

The judge said the number of articles to be considered at trial should be reduced to about 33.

He said the duke's case is one which "will not settle", on the basis of what he has read and heard in court, adding: "So it will have to be tried at some stage and might as well be tried now."

David Sherborne, representing the claimants, said the duke would be the only witness in his claim.

The other claimants selected for trial are former Coronation Street actress Nikki Sanderson, comedian Paul Whitehouse's ex-wife Fiona Wightman and actor Michael Turner.

MGN is contesting the claims, arguing that some have been brought too late.

The publisher of titles including the Daily Mirror, Sunday Mirror and the Sunday People, MGN has previously settled a number of claims against it in relation to unlawful information gathering, as has News Group Newspapers (NGN) - the publisher of the now-defunct News Of The World and the Sun - in a separate ongoing legal action.

There is a critical need for a new maternity strategy in Northern Ireland, as midwives deal with a growing number of "complicated pregnancies", the Royal College of Midwives (RCM) has said.

A new report detailed mounting challenges for maternity services as the demographics of pregnant women have "rapidly" changed.

The report said more than one in four pregnant women were obese.

It also cited a "dramatic rise" in pregnancies among women in their 30s.

Stormont's Department of Health said it was committed to working with the RCM to improve maternity services and "ensure that they remain safe and effective".

But it added that it was facing a tightening budget and would have to decide which work could be done with its available funding.

RCM director Karen Murray said working conditions in maternity units were not sustainable.

"Services are coping because of the incredible efforts of staff who go above and beyond on a daily basis, often to the detriment of their mental and physical health," she added.

"We are seeing far more complicated pregnancies and this is increasing the demands on midwives and their colleagues.

"They want to ensure these women get the best possible support, advice and care. That is proving more and more difficult without the resources to back them up."

Speaking to BBC Radio Ulster's Good Morning Ulster programme, Ms Murray said issues which arise during pregnancy can be difficult for expectant mothers to deal with alone.

"These conversations are easier if you have a continuity relationship with a midwife that you know and you trust," she said.

"If you are in a situation where you're meeting a different professional every time you come for an appointment it's much more difficult to address those issues."

The number of births in Northern Ireland has fallen since 2011 from just above 25,000 to 20,500 in 2022.

But the RCM said demand on services could not be measured by that alone and that the demographic profile of women giving birth had changed significantly over the same period.

There was an increasing number of women being cared with additional health needs, the report stated.

It said less than half of pregnant patients in Northern Ireland had a weight in the healthy range.

They are also much more likely to have been diagnosed with diabetes than a decade ago, which can cause problems for mothers and babies.

In 2012-13 the number was 899. It grew to 3,177 in 2020-21.

There were also more births registered to women aged 32 or over in 2021 compared with 2011.

The RCM said older women were more likely to experience higher rates of pregnancy-related conditions and higher rates of assisted birth, leading to longer stays in hospital.

The State of Maternity Services 2023 report said "all of these factors and more have massively increased and complicated the workload of our midwives".

The RCM said Northern Ireland needed to take several steps to deliver high quality, safe, care for women and babies, including the funding and publication of a new maternity and neonatal strategy.

It would help design and plan services based on current trends.

Northern Ireland is the only region in the UK without an active maternity strategy. The last one ended in 2018.

The report said: "Demand for maternity services cannot be managed through waiting lists, so it is vitally important to base workforce planning on evidence rather than assumptions."

It said without a strategy, policies risked "being piecemeal, contradictory and without buy-in from everyone involved".

The RCM said a new strategy had cross-party support but was "held back by the frustrating continuation of the suspension of the assembly and executive" in Northern Ireland.

In response, the Department of Health said an independent review of midwifery services was due to be published in autumn this year.

"It is envisaged that this programme of work will help form the basis of a new maternity strategy in due course," it said.

The RCM report comes amid wide-scale budgetary pressures for the Department of Health, which has seen cuts to some health programmes and services.

The RCM welcomed an increase in student midwives, with more than 70 graduating each year.

But retention of existing staff also needed to be prioritised in order to see the workforce grow. The report pointed to 129 midwife vacancies across Northern Ireland in December 2022.

"We need urgently for politicians to get back to work in the institutions. Added to this we need more midwives, something we can achieve not just through continued investment in more training but by keeping the staff we have," the report added.

"How? We pay them better and treat them better."

In March midwives in Northern Ireland voted to take industrial action over pay.

The Department of Health's permanent secretary recently said it was impossible to give pay rises under the current budget.

Peter May said the health service was facing unfunded spending pressures of £472m of which £375m relates to a pay claim matching that of NHS England.

The cost of a homemade cheese sandwich has jumped by over a third in one year, according to research for the BBC.

The price of two slices of white bread, a serving of butter and mature cheddar has risen to 40p, up 37% over a year.

Prices of sandwich fillings including chicken, eggs and ham at supermarkets have soared, while the cost of bread has also risen, the figures suggest.

Food prices have been pushed up by extreme weather, the war in Ukraine, and outbreaks of avian and swine flu.

One father said he had already switched his two children from packed lunches to school dinners at £2.45 a head in a bid to save money.

"Everything was going up - ingredients, the cost of cooking, so it's all something we had to take into account," Ritesh Thakker from Hounslow said.

"It's been really tough, especially the cost of fresh food and vegetables going up," he added, with the family often having to make trips to two or three shops to find the best deals in the face of increasing food and energy bills.

The figures come as food prices continue to soar, rising at their fastest rate in 45 years.

Pano Christou, the boss of Pret A Manger, told the BBC that he thought there was still "a bit more time to go" before food inflation peaks.

Retail research firm Assosia analysed the average price of popular items that make up a packed lunch across Tesco, Sainsbury's, Asda, Morrisons and Lidl as well as Aldi click-and-collect. The data included prices from the grocers' standard ranges before any promotions were applied, and is based on online prices for the four biggest supermarkets.

Assosia looked at the cost of white and wholemeal bread, as well as popular sandwich fillings covering a mix of dietary requirements - including cheese, cheese and ham, tuna mayonnaise, egg and cress and ham salad - and compared the prices seen in April with the same month last year.

The BBC then worked out the price per portion using suggested serving sizes. A cheese and ham sandwich on white bread saw the biggest rise, jumping by 18p, while the tuna mayo option saw the smallest increase of just 5p.

The price of a medium loaf of own-label wholemeal or white bread rose by more than 40%, the figures show. They now stand at 86p and 84p respectively.

The price of fresh vegetables such as a whole cucumber or an iceberg lettuce has also gone up by more than 50% in the past 12 months, partly due to extreme weather hitting harvests abroad earlier this year.

Russia's invasion of Ukraine - one of the world's biggest exporters of wheat and other grains - has also disrupted some supply chains.

Outbreaks of avian and swine flu have also affected supplies and mean the cost of eggs, bacon and ham has shot up too.

Matt Raynor, chairman of wholesale sandwich supplier Raynor Foods, oversees an operation that includes 300 employees and produces about half a million sandwiches a week.

According to the British Sandwich Association (BSA), three billion sandwiches are purchased from UK retail or catering outlets each year.

But Mr Raynor says that labour shortages, exacerbated by Brexit, and wage increases have meant that he has had to put up prices.

Raynor Foods has mitigated some price rises on bread for sandwiches, but the cost of speciality rolls such as ciabatta is still going up.

He estimates that the company's wage bill has gone up by at least 20% in the past two years, with more staff now joining from India or China, rather than Eastern Europe, due to increased red tape.

And, of course, extra costs get passed on to its customers, which include the likes of hospitals, shops, schools and airlines.

"If we hadn't done that, we wouldn't be here," Mr Raynor says. "There's not one company out there who could have swallowed all these increases."

While some wholesale food prices have started to fall, it usually takes some time before that feeds through to the supermarket shelves.

Bigger retailers are expected to start passing on savings to consumers in the next few months but the only item in Assosia's figures that fell in price was an own-label bunch of organic bananas.

Your device may not support this visualisation

BBC analysis has found that even the meal deal has gone up in price across many major outlets, with the cheapest generally available deal now £3.50 at Sainsbury's.

But industry body the British Retail Consortium recently said that it expects bigger supermarkets will start passing on savings to consumers soon, potentially easing some of the pressure on households.

A man has helped save seven ducklings from the rooftop of his apartment block.

Steve Stuttard carefully lowered the ducklings down the side of the building on Salford Quays after their mother nested there for a fourth year.

He then carried them alongside the mother to reunite the family at the water's edge.

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

Lucy Letby, 33, is accused of murdering babies on a neonatal ward

One of nurse Lucy Letby's "favourite ways of killing and trying to kill children" on a hospital neonatal unit was by injecting air, a prosecutor has told her trial.

Ms Letby is alleged to have murdered seven babies and attempted to murder 10 others between June 2015 and June 2016.

Prosecutor Nick Johnson KC said experts for the prosecution had told Manchester Crown Court at least 12 of those received an air injection.

On the third day of his closing speech, Mr Johnson told jurors not to ignore the "constellation of coincidences" in baby deaths at the Countess of Chester Hospital.

He said they should "put all the pieces of the jigsaw together" and suggested the "cumulative picture" told only one story, that Ms Letby "tried to murder or murdered these children".

Mr Johnson cited the case of Child C, who stopped breathing without warning on 13 June 2015 while being treated in the unit's nursery one.

He said the collapse and death was "inconsistent" with all natural causes, as asserted by the medical experts in the case.

The prosecutor noted the nurse was seen in nursery one at the time of Child C's collapse, despite being allocated a baby in nursery three.

He said she was there "with death on her mind".

Mr Johnson went on to remind the jury of Sophie Ellis' evidence, who was Child C's designated nurse that day.

Ms Ellis told the jury how she had briefly left Child C and when she returned to the nursery, Ms Letby was standing over him.

She said the nurse told her: "He's just had a brady/desat".

The alleged attacks were said to have been carried out at Countess of Chester Hospital

Mr Johnson also said nurse Melanie Taylor had recalled being surprised at how "cool and calm" Ms Letby appeared as medics rushed to help the baby.

He alleged that swelling noted by a doctor in Child C's vocal cords indicated that "something had been put down his throat".

This was also a feature in the cases of Child E, Child G, Child H and Child N, he said.

Mr Johnson went on to state that another clue the jurors should consider in Child C's case was the "massive ballooning" to his stomach.

"It's as plain as the nose on your face that Lucy Letby must have injected air down the nasogastric tube," he said.

"It was, after all, one of her favourite ways of killing or trying to kill children in this case.

"There are a constellation of coincidences which can make you sure that [Child C] didn't die of natural causes and that Lucy Letby killed him."

The nurse, originally from Hereford, has denied all of the charges against her

Mr Johnson also noted how Ms Letby's defence counsel, Ben Myers KC, had repeatedly questioned witnesses about the competence of Ms Ellis, who Ms Letby had called the "new girl" in messages to colleagues.

The prosecutor said it was insinuated Ms Ellis was not qualified to be looking after Child C.

"It's trying to create in the impression in your minds that something was seriously wrong with the hospital," he said, adding: "It's gaslighting you, doing to you what Lucy Letby did to her colleagues."

Mr Johnson later turned to the evidence heard about Child G, who was transferred to the Countess of Chester Hospital from Wirral's Arrowe Park Hospital in mid-August 2015.

The court has heard she was "clinically stable" until 7 September, when she projectile vomited at about 02:00 BST.

The prosecution case has been that Ms Letby overfed Child G with milk through a nasogastric tube or injected air into the same tube and made two more attempts to kill her on 21 September.

Mr Johnson pointed the jury to what Dr Alison Ventress said about Child G.

The medic told the jury she saw blood-stained secretions coming from the vocal cords in the early hours of 7 September 2015.

"What caused the throat of an otherwise well baby to bleed?" Mr Johnson asked.

"It is a signature of many of her attacks on these babies."

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Last updated on .From the section Premier League

Polls have now closed in the Northern Ireland council elections, with counting of votes to begin on Friday morning.

Voters cast their ballots to decide who should represent them on Northern Ireland's 11 councils.

A total of 807 candidates are competing for 462 seats.

The first ballot boxes are expected to be opened at about 08:00 BST on Friday, with counting anticipated to continue into Saturday.

About 1.4 million people were eligible to vote in the election, which was originally due to take place on 4 May but was delayed due to the King's Coronation.

It is only the third election to 11 so-called super councils in Northern Ireland.

Groom Pat Campbell (far right) and part of his wedding party called at the polling station at St Patrick's Primary School in Clonoe, County Tyrone, on the way to his marriage ceremony

It was also only the second time in 26 years that Northern Ireland held a standalone council election - normally they are run alongside polls for Stormont or Westminster.

Voters used the single transferable vote (STV) system, the same as that used in Northern Ireland Assembly elections.

People ranked candidates in numerical preference, marking their ballot 1,2,3 and so on for as many or as few preferences as they want.

Candidates are then elected according to the share of the vote they receive.

To find out who stood in your area, type your postcode into the bar below.

A modern browser with JavaScript and a stable internet connection is required to view this interactive. Opens in a new browser tab More information about these elections Is there an election in my area? To provide you with information on local candidates and where to vote the BBC sends your data to the Electoral Commission. Data privacy notice To find your council candidates and polling station

The number of candidates is slightly down from the 819 people who put their names forward for the previous council elections four years ago.
• None All you need to know about NI council elections

Rabb was convicted at City of London Magistrates' Court on Tuesday

A US military veteran has refused to pay a fine for carrying a pro-Hamas sign at a protest in South Yorkshire.

Michael Rabb, 73, of Boulder, Colorado, was arrested at the demonstration at Sheffield City Hall on 21 October.

A trial at City of London Magistrates' Court found him guilty of displaying the sign in such a way as to arouse reasonable suspicion he was a member or supporter of a proscribed organisation.

But on Tuesday, he told the judge he was "not going to pay" the £1,000 fine.

The ex-US Navy fighter pilot also refused to pay £930 costs and a £400 surcharge.

The court had earlier heard that Rabb was spotted at the protest outside Sheffield City Hall carrying a homemade sign which read "Stand With Hamas, End Israel, Free Palestine".

Hamas is proscribed as a terrorist group by the UK government.

Rabb's sign had caused "distress" among organisers, potentially inflamed tensions and the police were asked to step in to talk to him, prosecutor Sebastian Walker told the court.

He said Rabb left the protest after being spoken to about the sign, but later returned and was arrested.

Mr Walker said Rabb had shown no remorse or regret for his actions.

Rabb told the court his behaviour was a "legitimate act of civil disobedience" which was not disproportionate.

He said his arrest was an attempt to shut down dissent and described the use of the Terrorism Act to bring him to court as "arbitrary".

By any standards of "decency" he should be found not guilty, Rabb said.

Following the guilty verdict, District Judge Annabel Pilling told Rabb that the fine was "designed to hurt".

However, Rabb responded by saying: "No judge, I'm not going to pay. I refuse to pay."

Judge Pilling warned Rabb that he had "extremely strongly held views" and said he may find himself in contempt of court should he not pay.

She gave him seven days to make the payment in full.

Follow BBC Yorkshire on Facebook, X (formerly Twitter) and Instagram. Send your story ideas to yorkslincs.news@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

A girl has died after a Land Rover crashed into a primary school in Wimbledon, south-west London, on Thursday morning.

The driver, a woman in her 40s, has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving.

Police say they are not treating the crash as terror-related.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Five things to know about Ron DeSantis

Florida Governor Ron DeSantis will announce his 2024 presidential bid in an online appearance with Twitter CEO Elon Musk on Wednesday.

Mr Musk is scheduled to host a Twitter Spaces conversation with Mr DeSantis at 18:00 local time (22:00 GMT).

An official launch video from the DeSantis campaign is expected later the same evening.

Mr DeSantis, 44, is viewed as former president Donald Trump's chief rival for the Republican Party's nomination.

The governor joins a growing list of contenders seeking to unseat Mr Trump, who leads by more than 30 points in national opinion polls.

Republican voters go to the polls in a series of primary elections beginning next February to determine which candidate will face President Joe Biden, a Democrat, in the November 2024 general election.

Twitter Spaces is a platform that allows "creators" to host live audio conversations that other Twitter users can join and engage with.

Wednesday's event will be moderated by tech entrepreneur David Sacks, a close ally of the Tesla founder and a supporter of Mr DeSantis.

A Fox News tweet about the upcoming Twitter Spaces "interview" was retweeted by Mr Musk to his 140 million followers on Tuesday.

It was not immediately clear whether the two plan to appear together in person and whether Mr Musk is showing support for the Floridian's campaign by hosting the launch on his platform..

At a Wall Street Journal (WSJ) event earlier, Mr Musk claimed the occasion will mark "the very first time" such an announcement takes place on social media.

He told attendees that he was not planning to make an endorsement but wants to use Twitter as a public town square.

The tech mogul has previously expressed support for Mr DeSantis in 2024, including writing on Twitter last November that his preference is for "someone sensible and centrist".

Mr DeSantis's announcement will come on the first day of a fundraising retreat in Miami where his supporters will reportedly be briefed about the upcoming campaign.

It will end months of speculation about when Mr DeSantis will officially announce his candidacy.

His tenure as Florida's governor has seen the state expand gun-ownership laws, implement restrictions on sex and gender identity education in public schools, and bring in new limits on abortion.

Over the coming months, he is expected to pitch himself as an accomplished politician with a long list of conservative policy achievements and without the "daily drama" of Mr Trump.

Earlier this month, he aimed thinly veiled criticism at the former president, saying that governing is not about "building a brand or talking on social media".

Mr Trump is no longer an active user of Twitter, although his account was re-instated in November after it was removed in the wake of the 6 January riots at the US Capitol.

Instead, Mr Trump uses his own platform, Truth Social, where he has frequently launched broadsides against Mr DeSantis.

Twitter has significantly more active users than Truth Social, potentially giving the DeSantis campaign an opportunity for more publicity.

It will also give him the ear of Mr Musk's large fan base.

Principal Sean Spillane said pupils were prevented from going to school

The principal of a primary school that was forced to shut due to a security alert has said he was shocked and angered by the disruption to education.

Lough View Integrated Primary School and Nursery closed on Tuesday as the nearby Henry Jones playing fields was searched by police.

The East Belfast Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) is among the clubs which use the sports facilities.

Police said "nothing untoward" was found but "enquiries remain ongoing".

The security operation began on Monday evening and police and Army technical officers were deployed to the council-run playing field on Church Road, Castlereagh on the outskirts of east Belfast.

Members of the public were asked to avoid the area and a road closure was then put in place at the junction of Church Road and Manse Road.

The road closures were lifted on Tuesday afternoon and a few hours later, the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) said the security operation had ended.

When asked what had sparked the day-long alert, a PSNI spokeswoman said: "Police received information concerning the pitches and took proactive steps to ensure the area was safe."

Bomb disposal equipment was used during the searches at Henry Jones playing fields

Earlier on Tuesday, staff at Lough View Integrated Primary School said they were advised by police to keep their building closed during the operation.

Its headteacher Sean Spillane said the closure had disrupted his pupils' education and the alert had stopped people in the area from going to work.

"I'm so shocked today that we've had to take this action, but more than anything it's just disappointment, it's just disillusionment and anger as well," Mr Spillane told the BBC's Nolan Show.

"We're now having to explain to our children that some people, because they don't agree with a particular sport being played across the road from our school, that they can't exercise their right to come to school today."

In a statement on Tuesday evening, PSNI Ch Insp Rosemary Thompson said: "A thorough search of the playing fields at Church Road in Castlereagh has been conducted and, thankfully, nothing untoward has been found."

The statement added that PSNI "enquiries remain ongoing" and asked for anyone with information to contact them.

Security force personnel are wearing protective gear during the search operation

Earlier, East Belfast GAA released a statement which said that local sports clubs had worked hard to revive pitches at the site and it was "saddened at those who threaten to disrupt the peace and cause alarm".

"This is especially disappointing following the positive news that some of the underutilised space at Henry Jones will be reallocated to facilitate a GAA pitch," the statement added.

It would be the first council-run GAA pitch in east Belfast "and is long overdue", the club added.

East Belfast GAA was set up in May 2020

East Belfast MP Gavin Robinson also criticised those behind the alert.

"Sport cancelled. Community disrupted. School closed. For what? Catch a grip," the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) MP tweeted.

Alliance Party leader and East Belfast assembly member Naomi Long said that the situation was "utterly unacceptable".

Ulster Unionist leader Doug Beattie said: "This is wrong and must be condemned utterly."

The SDLP's Séamas de Faoite described the alert as an "utter disgrace".

Football coach Tim Wareing was at Henry Jones Park on Monday evening, taking a one-on-one football session with an 11-year-old boy when the incident happened.

At about 19:00 BST he said a council worker came over and told him there was a security alert and he would have to clear up and leave the scene as soon as the PSNI arrived.

There was a large police presence in the area

"It was quite shocking - it's 2023 - you would think we would have moved on from this - our own club is very inclusive and we have stayed away from aligning ourselves with an area in Northern Ireland to bring the two communities together," he said.

"Hearing that news is quite shocking when you've got a young child there - it makes it even worse as you're trying to keep them calm and wondering what on earth is going on."

East Belfast GAC started in May 2020 and was the first GAA club in the east of the city in almost 50 years. It fields football, hurling and camogie teams.

A security alert was sparked at the same playing fields in 2020.

German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier (R) asked "for forgiveness for the crimes" Nazi Germany had committed

Germany's president has drawn parallels between the brutal Nazi crackdown of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising in 1943 and Russian President Putin's full-scale invasion of Ukraine last year.

Mr Putin "has broken international law, challenged borders, committed land grabs", said Frank-Walter Steinmeier at a commemorative ceremony in Poland.

More than 10,000 Jews were killed by the Nazis during the ghetto uprising.

Mr Steinmeier asked "for forgiveness for the crimes" Germany had committed.

The Warsaw Ghetto Uprising - one of World War Two's most remarkable acts of defiance - began exactly 80 years ago as a response to Nazi efforts to send the remaining Jewish population in the Polish capital to death camps.

Between July and September 1942, German forces had sent about 265,000 Jews to the Treblinka extermination camp. Some 60,000 remained in a few blocks in the ghetto until a new round of deportations began in January 1943.

Hundreds of young, poorly equipped Jewish fighters withheld the onslaught of German troops for three weeks.

As the Nazis burned the ghetto block by block, many people were burnt alive or suffocated.

Of the remaining residents, almost all were captured and sent to the death camps of Majdanek and Treblinka in Nazi-occupied Poland.

Nazi soldiers march Jews out of the ghetto on 19 April 1943

On Wednesday, Mr Steinmeier - together with Polish President Andrzej Duda and Israeli President Isaac Herzog - laid wreaths at the monument to the ghetto heroes in Warsaw.

And speaking at the commemorative ceremony, the German president said that President Putin's war "brings immeasurable suffering, violence, destruction and death to the people of Ukraine".

"You in Poland, you in Israel, you know from your history that freedom and independence must be fought for and defended. You know how important it is for a democracy to defend itself.

"But we Germans, too, have learned the lessons of our history. Never again, which means that there must be no criminal war of aggression like Russia's against Ukraine in Europe."

Mr Steinmeier stressed this meant Germany and other Western nations would "stand firmly on the side of Ukraine".

It was the first time that a German head of state has been asked to speak at an anniversary of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising.

Unlike counterparts in other Western countries, German leaders had somewhat strained relations with Ukraine's authorities during the first few weeks of the Russian invasion, with senior officials in Kyiv openly criticising them for refusing to send modern weapons.

It was even reported that Mr Steinmeier was snubbed by Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky last year, when he wanted to visit the Ukrainian capital together with other Western leaders.

But Germany is now seen as being at the forefront of Ukraine's fight with the invading forces.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. WATCH: Can Vladimir Putin actually be arrested?

Tens of thousands of people are believed to have been killed, and many Ukrainian towns and villages have been destroyed since President Putin launched his invasion on 24 February 2022.

Ukraine and its allies accuse Russian troops of committing thousands of war crimes, including mass murder, and rape and deportations.

Mass burial sites have been found in several parts of Ukraine previously occupied by Russian troops, including some containing bodies of civilians showing signs of torture.

Last month, the International Criminal Court in The Hague issued an arrest warrant against President Putin, triggering an angry response from the Kremlin.

Lucy Letby is accused of murdering and attempting to murder babies on a neo-natal ward

Murder-accused nurse Lucy Letby has told her trial how she found the deaths of two triplet brothers on successive days a "harrowing" experience.

The 33-year-old is accused of killing the boys after returning to work at the Countess of Chester Hospital following a trip to Ibiza in June 2016.

She said: "It's devastating. You want to save every baby in your care. You're not supposed to watch a baby die."

Ms Letby denies murdering seven babies and the attempted murders of 10 others.

Manchester Crown Court has previously heard that one of the boys, referred to as Child O, was stable up until 23 June, when he suffered a "remarkable deterioration" and was moved to another nursery, where he stabilised.

He later suffered a further fatal collapse.

A post-mortem examination found unclotted blood in his body from a liver injury, which led a coroner to conclude his death was due to natural causes.

However, an independent pathologist, who later reviewed the case, said the boy had suffered an "impact injury" akin to a road traffic collision, while medical experts for the prosecution said he died due to a combination of that injury and air being injected into his bloodstream.

Ms Letby was asked by her defence barrister Ben Myers KC if she had introduced air into Child O's system or caused him any harm.

She replied: "No, never."

Lucy Letby was giving evidence for a fifth day

Mr Myers asked the nurse what the atmosphere was like when a baby died on the unit, she said: "It's completely flat. There is a complete change in atmosphere.

"To me personally, it's devastating. You want to save every baby in your care.

Mr Myers noted the accused had been on holiday in the week prior to Child O's death. He asked her if she was planning "anything dramatic and terrible" upon her return, to which she said "no".

Less than 24 hours after Child O's death, his brother, Child P, died in similar circumstances.

The jury has heard that at 09:50 BST on 24 June 2016, Child P collapsed and required breathing support.

He collapsed several more times that day, before being pronounced dead at 16:00.

A medical expert for the prosecution said the collapses were consistent with an "additional amount of air being given to this baby".

Asked for her recollections of 24 June, Ms Letby said there was an "increasing sense of anxiety on the unit" as Child P was not responding to treatment.

She said there was a "huge sense of relief" when a specialist team arrived from Arrowe Park Hospital, Wirral, to assist with his treatment.

She added: "We were all very anxious, particularly in view of what had happened to [Child O] the day before.

"There didn't seem to be any clear plan from doctors, we very much wanted the transport team to come and offer their expertise."

Lucy Letby denies all of the charges against her

The nurse said the requirements of Child P were "beyond our level of care".

Despite the presence of the specialist team, Child P collapsed and died.

Asked to give a sense of the mood in the hospital at that time, Ms Letby said: "Everybody was shocked, devastated.

"I was really upset, to have that two days in a row. To imagine what those parents had gone through, it was harrowing.

"You don't forget something like that."

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Maureen Hamblin has spoken out on the racism she experiences in Northern Ireland

"If every person of colour reported racism, people would be shocked at the horrific stuff that happens."

Maureen Hamblin, a mother-of-three living outside Belfast, has spoken out about her experiences of racism, which she says occurs on a regular basis.

She said she had witnessed a change in attitudes in Northern Ireland since the Brexit referendum in 2016.

"What Brexit did for me was to show me the closet racists, because they couldn't hide anymore."

Warning: Contains language some people may find offensive

Born in Kenya, Ms Hamblin moved to Dublin when she was 12 and then to Belfast in 2014.

In the latest incident, she said a crowd of young men followed her and her sons, shouting racial slurs and making monkey noises.

She posted a video online following the incident in Hazelbank Park in Newtownabbey, County Antrim, last week.

Police have confirmed they are investigating a report of a race-motivated hate incident in the area, adding that there was "no place for hate and we take reports of this nature incredibly seriously".

Ms Hamblin said the incident was not a new occurrence.

"The last time something like that happened to me was three years ago, when I was pregnant with my youngest," she said.

"I was walking in Orangefield Park. They called me the 'N-word' and cycled really close to me and I almost fell in the stream."

Living in Northern Ireland, Ms Hamblin said she encountered "microaggressions" on a daily basis.

She explained that it is the smaller acts of racism that "feel like a blade".

"It's the little things, it's the not being welcome, it's the little comments - especially about my hair and just people saying really insensitive things," she said.

Mrs Hamblin was once asked if she "had been electrocuted" due to her hair

She said she had experienced people pointing and laughing at her natural afro hairstyle, strangers gripping their purses when they see her and others "just straight up talking about me, as if I wasn't there".

She feels there is a misperception of black women moving to Ireland to have children and receiving government support - which Mrs Hamblin believes is the reason she experiences higher levels of racism when she is in public with her sons.

During her second pregnancy, an estate agent challenged Mrs Hamblin's income when she told him she did not receive any state benefits.

"He told me 'I don't believe that,'" she said.

Mrs Hamblin's story comes as the Equality Commission publishes new research that suggests racism is a part of tolerated life for many living in Northern Ireland.

Researchers surveyed 55 people from ethnic minority and migrant backgrounds who found attitudes to them in Northern Ireland were perceived to have worsened after Brexit.

The participants of the study also found their rights and entitlements had become more complicated since the referendum and they didn't feel like they were a priority for the government of Northern Ireland.

Chief commissioner Geraldine McGahey said racism is having a devastating impact in Northern Ireland

"It is disturbing that the most striking findings of this recent research are that people from minority ethnic and migrant groups said that racism was a normal part of their daily life in Northern Ireland and that women are particularly exposed to racism," said chief commissioner Geraldine McGahey.

"We know racism is not new to Northern Ireland, and its impact is devastating," she said.

"The findings of this research report and our ongoing work with the sector make for uncomfortable truths."

Mrs Hamblin said Brexit showed what she called "the closet racists" coming out.

"It was almost as if they were like 'we're going to go crazy', and the rise of political leaders who were not scared to really make that a thing," she said.

She explained that she would have previously experienced racism from groups of teenagers and people from lower socio-economic areas, "but now you're literally not safe anywhere".

"There's an emboldening of people to just do and say whatever they like," she added.

The incident at Hazelbank Park was her first logged complaint with the Police Service of Northern Ireland, but she said she felt it necessary to speak up and raise awareness.

"I'm scared to go to places now," she said.

"I just want a better life for my kids and for myself because I have made the island of Ireland my home."

If you have been affected by any of the issues in this story you can contact the BBC Action Line.

Passengers of BA-owner IAG and rival EasyJet have yet to reclaim some €724m (£643m) in travel vouchers going back to the beginning of the pandemic.

IAG, which owns five airlines including Aer Lingus, said it had about €600m (£533m) in unclaimed vouchers.

EasyJet's most recent results suggested it had £110m in unclaimed vouchers.

The practice of issuing vouchers attracted criticism because many people wanted a cash refund instead, with some claiming it was difficult to get one.

Aviation consultant and former IAG employee Robert Boyle, who flagged the IAG figures, said that when airlines were forced to cancel a huge number of flights during the pandemic they encouraged customers to accept vouchers for future travel rather than issue refunds.

Given so many vouchers have yet to be redeemed Mr Boyle questioned how many of the vouchers will ever be used.

The rate of voucher use might increase as the expiry date approaches he said: "But if even 20% of the original €1.4bn [£1.24bn] of vouchers expire unused, that would be a €280m [£248m] release to profit".

"However, if the vouchers are never used, IAG will have extra seats available to sell. Given what has happened to ticket prices since the pandemic, the cash value of those seats will be even bigger than the reported voucher values."

Both BA and EasyJet have extended the expiry date of their vouchers several times.

In its most recent set of results EasyJet said no vouchers had expired yet as expiry dates had been extended "to ensure customers have the maximum opportunity to utilise their vouchers".

The airline said the number of unused vouchers at the end of its last financial year on 30 September equated to £110m, or 2% of its ticket revenue in 2019, so there was a "very small proportion of customers who have not yet used their vouchers".

"And it is also worth noting that the number will have reduced since then as five months have passed - including a busy booking period at the turn of year.

BA's will now run out in September 2023, though the airline said it was "always reviewing that".

It said last year 700,000 vouchers were used and it was sending reminders to customers holding outstanding ones.

Airlines, including BA, faced accusations during the pandemic of making it difficult for people to claim a refund.

BA said when a flight was cancelled it always offered the option to get a full refund, rebook or reroute. It never automatically issued vouchers, which had to be requested by a passenger.

But it said it recognised that during the height of the pandemic it could not offer "all the usual channels for customers to request a refund".

As a result, it added, if a customer had been due to travel on a flight cancelled by the airline between 9 March 2020 and 19 November 2020 and they opted for a voucher, BA had already contacted them to offer a full refund.

"We have issued 4.8 million refunds since the start of the pandemic and offered highly flexible booking policies enabling millions of our customers to change their travel dates or destinations," BA said.

Last updated on .From the section Women's Football

Sarina Wiegman says England are in a "good place" despite being held by Portugal in their final match on home soil before heading to Australia for the 2023 Women's World Cup.

The Lionesses were frustrated as they failed to find the net and twice hit the bar on their way to registering 23 attempts in front of a 26,267 crowd in Milton Keynes.

"We should have put it in the back of the net. We all know that," said the England boss, who flies to Australia with her players on Wednesday.

"We created lots of chances, and of course we wanted to score that goal. Today it just wouldn't go in.

"I think we are in a very good place. We did a lot of things, as individuals and as a team, both on and off the pitch.

"This was the first game after we've not seen each other for a long time."
• None Did England's draw with Portugal provide more questions than answers?

Wiegman's side were not at their fluent best, though they had chances to seal victory in the second half.

Georgia Stanway hit the bar at the end of the first half, substitute Alessia Russo was denied by a goalline block from Ana Borges, while Lucy Bronze's header also hit the bar.

England take on Canada in a friendly behind closed doors on 14 July, eight days before their opening match of the World Cup on 22 July,

Wiegman used 17 players and tried several systems throughout the game at Stadium MK in an attempt to fine-tune plans.

But the Lionesses, whose 30-game unbeaten run ended with defeat by Australia in their previous match, struggled to click for large periods against Portugal and looked frustrated.

All eyes were on the team selection as Wiegman had bold choices to make in attack, opting for Rachel Daly and Lauren James over Russo and Chloe Kelly from the start.

But it was a flat first half from England. They lacked energy, presumably impacted by the fact they had not played for several weeks following the end of the Women's Super League (WSL) season, and were forced out wide for large periods by a stubborn Portugal defence.

Daly should have scored early on though when Lauren Hemp curled in an inviting cross at the back post, only for her to poke the ball wide, while James showed glimpses of quality, combining nicely with full-back Bronze on the right-hand side.

However, it was not until the second half that the European champions started to show spark and their superiority.
• None All the best 2023 Women's World Cup content

Russo's introduction had an impact as she dropped in deep to link up with James, who moved to the number 10 position and was more effective than Ella Toone had been in the opening half.

The striker had the best of the chances, firing wide on two occasions when teed up by Kelly, as well as being denied by Borges' block on the line.

In a flurry of chances, Bronze's header crashed against the crossbar and Kelly also had a shot parried away. Hemp had an earlier chance but she could not get her header on target.

It gives Wiegman food for thought on team selection and what system to play, with England's opening game of the World Cup fast approaching.

England are not short of talent, even with several key players missing through injury, but finding a way for them to work together remains Wiegman's biggest challenge - and she appears to be more unsure on how the team will look than she was going into Euro 2022.

Several key players will miss the World Cup through injury including captain Leah Williamson and forward Beth Mead - who were both watching on in Milton Keynes - meaning England will have to adapt in Australia.

They were most effective when they were able to get in behind Portugal's defence in the second half, with Kelly particularly fruitful out wide.

As the game wore on, England's connections started to build, and James' link-up play with Bronze and Russo in particular helped her claim for a World Cup starting position.

The Chelsea forward was one of England's brightest players, while Daly failed to take her chance from the start as number nine, struggling to have an impact and missing a few opportunities.

Young Manchester City defender Esme Morgan was backed by Wiegman to start at centre-back despite struggling against Australia, but here she showed maturity and composure alongside Jess Carter.

If Millie Bright, who has not featured since March because of a knee injury, does not recover in time for the opening game of the tournament, Morgan has shown she is capable of playing there.

All in all, the shutout provided successful auditions for James, Morgan and Russo, less so for Toone and Daly.
• None Attempt blocked. Alessia Russo (England) right footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Lauren James.
• None Diana Gomes (Portugal Women) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
• None Delay over. They are ready to continue.
• None Delay in match because of an injury Inês Pereira (Portugal Women).
• None Attempt saved. Laura Coombs (England) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top left corner.
• None Attempt blocked. Laura Coombs (England) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.
• None Attempt missed. Chloe Kelly (England) right footed shot from a difficult angle on the right is too high.
• None Attempt blocked. Alessia Russo (England) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Katie Robinson.
• None Attempt missed. Chloe Kelly (England) right footed shot from the right side of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Niamh Charles with a cross.
• None Tatiana Pinto (Portugal Women) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page

Hemedti's 100,000-strong force controls areas of the capital and has a strong presence in Darfur

One of Sudan's duelling generals, who leads the paramilitary force fighting the country's army, has told the BBC he will not negotiate until fighting ends.

But Gen Mohamed Hamdan Dagalo, better known as Hemedti, said his fighters were being "relentlessly" bombed since a three-day truce had been extended.

"We don't want to destroy Sudan," he said, blaming army chief Gen Abdel Fattah al-Burhan for the violence.

Gen Burhan has tentatively agreed to face-to-face talks in South Sudan.

Thursday night's extension of an uneasy ceasefire followed intensive diplomatic efforts by neighbouring countries, as well as the US, UK and UN.

As of Saturday air, tank and artillery strikes are continuing in parts of Khartoum, making the prospect of any wider dialogue between the two rival military factions seem remote.

Speaking to the BBC by phone, Hemedti said he was open to talks but the condition was that the ceasefire should hold: "Cease hostilities. After that we can have negotiations."

He said he had no personal problem with Gen Burhan, but regarded him as a traitor for bringing into government those loyal to former President Omar al-Bashir, who was ousted by the army and RSF together in 2019 after mass street protests.

Bashir's regime - in power for three decades - was known for its Islamist ideology and imposition of a strict version of Sharia (Islamic law).

"Unfortunately Burhan is being led by the radical Islamic front leaders," Hemedti said.

In 2021, he and Gen Burhan overturned an agreement to share power with civilians, taking full control in a coup.

They fell out this year over the proposed return to civilian rule, in particular about the timeframe of incorporating Hemedti's 100,000-strong Rapid Support Force's (RSF) into the army.

"I am looking forward to having the civilian government today - before tomorrow, a fully civilian government. This is my principle," Hemedti told the BBC.

This is not the first time the RSF leader has spoken of his commitment to democracy, although analysts point out that his forces have brutally put down civilian protests in the past.

Hemedti told the BBC that his RSF fighters were not the enemies of the military soldiers, explaining they were battling to protect the country from "the relics of the government of the past 30 years".

"We won't fight you. Please go back to your army divisions and we won't fight you."

Hemedti's comments to the BBC come as millions remain trapped in the capital Khartoum, where there are shortages of food, water and fuel.

In some parts of the city, trenches have been dug as rival troops battle each other street by street, AFP reports.

The UN says RSF troops are forcing people from their homes and looting and extortion is taking place.

However, Hemedti told the BBC his rivals were dressing up in RSF uniforms in order to discredit his fighters.

He categorically denied involvement in looting and taking over hospitals, saying his troops were trying to help residents of a city reeling from fierce clashes that began 14 days ago.

"My team is working on the water and electricity supplies for the areas we control. Unfortunately all the technicians and engineers have disappeared. And this is our main problem," he said.

At least 512 people have been killed and 4,193 wounded in the fighting, according to health ministry figures, although the real death toll is likely much higher.

The UN says hundreds of thousands of Sudanese have now fled their homes, often paying huge sums to leave and facing abuses en route.

As well as the thousands of foreigners who have been evacuated, tens of thousands of Sudanese have crossed into neighbouring countries, including Chad, Egypt and South Sudan.

Reuters reports a UN official as saying some have walked from Khartoum to South Sudan's border, a distance of more than 400km (250 miles).

Earlier a Turkish evacuation plane was shot at as it was landing at an airport outside Khartoum. No-one was injured and the RSF denied accusations by the army that it was involved.

Those remaining in Khartoum describe living in a "constant state of fear".

"We hear the sounds of planes and explosions. We don't know when this hell will end," 65-year-old Mahasin al-Awad, a resident of Bahri, a northern area of Khartoum, told Reuters.

Violence is reported to have been particularly bad in El Geneina, a city in Darfur in western Sudan, where the RSF and militias linked to the group are reported to have looted and torched markets, aid warehouses and banks.

Security is being stepped up at Ayr racecourse ahead of the Scottish Grand National after last weekend's disruption by animal rights protesters.

But organisers said they had no intelligence to suggest any disruption was planned similar to that at Aintree.

Protesters delayed the start of the Grand National at the Liverpool course after breaching security fences.

Police said they arrested 118 people over the disruption, which saw nine people enter the course.

Up to 17,000 people are expected in Ayrshire for the Scotland's version of the race.

The showpiece event, one of the highlights of the Scottish horseracing calendar, is set to take place on Saturday at 15:35.

"Given what happened last weekend, we've been liaising with Police Scotland, who in turn are speaking to Merseyside police, to see what they know," said Jim Delahunt from Ayr racecourse.

"There will be increased security on Saturday.

"There will be an obvious increase in police presence on the racecourse and everybody from racecourse stewards to racecourse staff to the police themselves will be on high alert just in case anything was to happen.

"I stress we have had no indication from any groups that they are planning any protests on the track on Saturday."

Three horses died during the Aintree race meeting last week, with one, Hill Sixteen, dying during the Grand National itself.

Some within the sport claimed the manner of the protests meant the horses had been agitated by a delay to the start of the race.

Animal Rising, the protest group behind the disruption, would not confirm whether similar action would be taken at Ayr.

The group's Sarah McCaffrey said: "What I can say is, we have a whole summer of action planned.

"We will be disrupting horse racing, dog racing and going into farms and openly freeing animals."

She added: "All our protests are peaceful. Scaling fences and running on to the grass is peaceful and non-violent."

It is understood additional Police Scotland officers will be deployed for the event, however the force would not comment on any specific deployments.

A Police Scotland spokesperson said: "As with any large event, we are engaging with the organisers and an appropriate policing plan is in place."

The Scottish Grand National was inaugurated in Ayrshire in 1867 and has taken place at Ayr since 1966.

Last updated on .From the section Premier League

Ivan Toney's run without a Premier League goal extended to seven games as Brentford and Brighton played out a dull draw.

Toney was denied by Brighton keeper Bart Verbruggen with his best chance and has now failed to score for Brentford since 17 February.

The 15th-placed Bees are winless in eight league games and six points above the relegation places.

Brighton produced few chances of their own despite dominating possession and stay ninth in the table.
• None All our Brighton content in one place

While the Seagulls saw much more of the ball, the hosts created the better opportunities at Brentford Community Stadium.

Yoane Wissa flashed a shot wide of the near post following a slick team move down the left, before Toney turned his man in the area but could not get the power on his left-footed shot to trouble Verbruggen.

The biggest talking point came in first-half stoppage time, when the Video Assistant Referee (VAR) called on-pitch official Andy Madley to the monitor after Wissa appeared to pull down Brighton captain Lewis Dunk in the box.

In a rare occurrence, however, Madley stuck with his original call and gave no penalty - much to Dunk's disbelief.

On review, it was decided Dunk had fouled Wissa first before being tugged down by the home forward, meaning a free-kick was given to Brentford instead.

The second half provided no breakthrough either, with Danny Welbeck denied by a fine last-gasp block from Kristoffer Ajer before the Brighton striker poked a shot narrowly wide.

A point still left Brentford with a chunky gap above the relegation zone following Luton's defeat at Arsenal, while Brighton missed the chance to move up to seventh and into a European place.

While Brentford are continuing to put points between themselves and the bottom three, they are doing so slowly and unconvincingly and are now winless in five home league games.

A major factor in their poor form has been a lack of goals from Toney.

While he continues to play a key role in building their attack and forming a flowing partnership with Wissa, here the England international seemed uncharacteristically short of confidence in the opposition box.

Toney also continued to struggle after the break, blazing a free-kick well over from a promising position.

Brentford will hope their main man can rediscover his scoring touch before the end of the campaign - as will Toney himself, with a place in Gareth Southgate's squad at Euro 2024 on the line.

A spark for the Bees comes in the return to fitness of Bryan Mbeumo, who came off the bench here. The Cameroon forward has not started a match since suffering an ankle injury in the fixture at Brighton in December.

Brighton also lacked a goal threat, despite the return from injury of top scorer Joao Pedro.

That the Brazilian has missed the last six games yet remains their leading marksman with eight league goals, is an indicator of the absent cutting edge that has kept the Seagulls on the periphery of European qualification.

Most of Brighton's best attacking moments came through Pedro, who forced home keeper Mark Flekken into a sharp near post save late in the first half.

A draw does represent some improvement for Brighton, however, as they avoided losing five away matches in a row across all competitions for the first time since 2006.
• None Attempt missed. Danny Welbeck (Brighton and Hove Albion) right footed shot from the left side of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Julio Enciso with a headed pass.
• None Attempt missed. Danny Welbeck (Brighton and Hove Albion) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Pascal Groß with a cross following a corner.
• None Attempt blocked. João Pedro (Brighton and Hove Albion) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.
• None Attempt blocked. Tariq Lamptey (Brighton and Hove Albion) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Danny Welbeck.
• None Attempt blocked. Jakub Moder (Brighton and Hove Albion) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Danny Welbeck.
• None Attempt saved. João Pedro (Brighton and Hove Albion) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal.
• None Attempt blocked. Danny Welbeck (Brighton and Hove Albion) right footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assisted by João Pedro with a through ball.
• None Attempt saved. Julio Enciso (Brighton and Hove Albion) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assisted by Pascal Groß.
• None João Pedro (Brighton and Hove Albion) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
• None Attempt missed. Igor Julio (Brighton and Hove Albion) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Pascal Groß.
• None João Pedro (Brighton and Hove Albion) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page

Spacey appeared before a judge and jury at his London trial earlier this month

Before allegations of sexual harassment were first publicly made against him in 2017, Kevin Spacey was one of the most sought-after actors in Hollywood.

The 64-year-old struck the delicate balance of being both acclaimed and popular - his name regularly drew crowds to the box office, while his performances were praised by critics.

Spacey was well known for roles in Seven, American Beauty, LA Confidential, 21, Horrible Bosses, Baby Driver and the TV series House of Cards, one of Netflix's biggest and earliest hits.

The actor was regularly rewarded for his work - winning two Oscars during his career - one for lead actor (for 1999's American Beauty) and one for supporting actor (for 1995's The Usual Suspects).

In Sam Mendes' directorial debut, American Beauty, Spacey starred as Lester Burnham, an advertising executive who has a mid-life crisis when he becomes infatuated with his teenage daughter's best friend.

In The Usual Suspects, a mystery about five criminals who plan a dangerous heist, he portrayed petty con artist Roger 'Verbal' Kint, a role that had been written for him.

Actor Kevin Spacey holding his Oscar trophy for best supporting actor for his role in The Usual Suspects in 1996

His performances on stage and screen also won him a Tony, an Olivier, a Golden Globe, a Bafta, a Critics Choice and several Screen Actors' Guild Awards. He was given his own star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 1999.

In addition to his performance work, Spacey was the artistic director at the Old Vic theatre in London between 2004 and 2015.

The US star was recognised for his work by being made an honorary Commander and Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 2010 and 2015, respectively.

But a string of allegations of sexual misconduct made against him - part of a Hollywood reckoning which began with a Harvey Weinstein exposé in October 2017 - brought his career to a halt.

Spacey, who always denied the claims, then came out as a gay man - a move he was criticised for by some figures in the gay community, who suggested he was attempting to shift the focus away from the allegations. The actor later expressed his regret for this, saying that was never his intention.

One of the allegations was made by actor Anthony Rapp, who said he was 14 when Spacey invited him to a party and made a sexual advance towards him. His claims reached court in New York last year, but after a three-week civil trial, the lawsuit was dismissed.

Spacey's tenure at the Old Vic was also scrutinised, after 20 male staff members at the theatre alleged he had behaved inappropriately towards them.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

As a result of the sexual misconduct claims against Spacey - some of which formed part of his recent trial in London - the projects he was appearing in at the time they were made were thrown into doubt.

Scenes from a film which was already in the can, All The Money in the World, were re-shot with a new actor, Christopher Plummer, replacing Spacey.

The actor was also fired from his role as Frank Underwood in the Netflix political drama series House of Cards, and production on the show's sixth season was suspended for several months.

When it finally resumed, the number of episodes had been cut from 13 to six, with Spacey's co-star Robin Wright taking over the lead role.

Spacey had been effectively ostracised from Hollywood, and worked only rarely in the years following the accusations.

However, the actor found some solace in Italy, where he still enjoyed a pocket of support.

He gave his first public performance for almost two years, in 2019, reading a poem about at museum in Rome

His first high-profile appearance in the country came in 2019 when he recited Gabriele Tinti's poem The Boxer for members of the public at a museum in Rome. The poem is about a boxer lamenting the loss of his once-glorious career.

Spacey's performance came less than three weeks after prosecutors in New York dropped a criminal case relating to charges of indecent assault and battery.

He went on to work with Italian director Franco Nero on 2022's L'uomo Che Disegnò Dio (The Man Who Drew God), marking his return to acting with a role as a police detective.

In January 2023, he was given a lifetime achievement award by Italy's National Museum of Cinema.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The museum, in Turin, said it gave the prize in recognition of Spacey's "personal aesthetic and authorial contribution to the development of the art of drama".

In his acceptance speech, the actor thanked the museum for having the "balls" to present him with the award.

But by the summer, he was appearing in Southwark Crown Court in London, denying nine sexual offences between 2001 and 2013.

The trial lasted nearly four weeks and heard from multiple witnesses, including Spacey himself.

On Wednesday, Spacey was found not guilty on all counts.

So what could be next for Kevin Spacey? Hollywood is no stranger to comeback stories, so it is certainly possible we could see him on screen again before long.

But Spacey's future will ultimately come down to whether or not the public will still have the appetite to see his films - and whether or not he still wants to make them.

The government borrowed less than expected in June, helped by higher tax receipts and a big drop in debt interest payments.

Borrowing - the difference between spending and tax income - fell to £18.5bn, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).

It is £400m lower than last June and below predictions by the government's independent forecaster.

But the ONS said borrowing is still the third highest for June on record.

The Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) had expected public borrowing to reach £21.1bn.

Meanwhile, the ONS said that borrowing for April and May had been revised down by £7bn.

Ruth Gregory, deputy chief UK economist at Capital Economics, said that Chancellor Jeremy Hunt "now looks likely to have a little more wiggle room in the Autumn Statement to fund a few pre-election giveaways".

But she added: "With the full upward impact on borrowing from higher interest rates and weaker GDP growth still coming down the line, we continue to think any package of pre-election net tax cuts will probably need to be modest or swiftly reversed."

Mr Hunt said it was important to "avoid reckless spending".

"Now more than ever we need to maintain discipline with the public finances," he said.

The ONS said that the interest paid on government debt hit £12.5bn, below a record £20bn in June last year but still historically high.

Some of the interest that the government pays on its debt is linked to the Retail Prices Index measure of inflation which remains stubbornly high despite a slowdown in June.

The Bank of England has also been raising its key interest rate since December 2021 to curb rising prices.

Tax receipts were stronger than expected in June, at £77.4bn. This was higher than the OBR forecast and £5.6bn more than the same month last year.

Overall, public sector net borrowing between April and June reached £54.4bn - £12.2bn ahead of the comparable period in 2022 but less than the £61.9bn forecast by the OBR.

Providing energy bill support was always going to bump-up public spending, while interest payments on the government's debt have increased too due to higher inflation and interest rates.

But bigger tax receipts meant a smaller deficit in June than expected.

Inflation has meant that there is an increasing number facing higher tax bills, given that the threshold at which different rates of income tax apply aren't being raised in line with the cost of living.

Those receipts also reflect a more resilient economy than some reckoned. Separate official figures showed the volume of retail sales rising by 0.7% in June.

Add in some revisions to earlier figures, and three months into the financial year the public finances appear on a better track than the official forecasts - leaving some to query if the chancellor may be able to afford modest pre-election tax cuts and meet his own self imposed rules.

Persistent inflation and the risk of a slowdown in activity due to higher interest rates could yet to mean more pressures on the public purse in the months come.

Figures from the ONS on Friday showed that retail sales rose by 0.7% last month.

Department stores and furniture retailers said demand was boosted by good weather and summer discounts.

It's getting late here in London, but for thousands of revellers at Worthy Farm, the night is just beginning.

As one of our reporters at Glastonbury said, it's hard to fathom how huge the crowd was at a dairy farm in Somerset as the weekend's performances got under way.

Arctic Monkeys, the headliners, didn't disappoint, and neither did a "surprise" return from US rockers Foo Fighters on the main stage. But the other stages were packed with outstanding performances too, from Kelis to Wizkid and Carly Rae Jepsen to Texas.

You can read a full review of Friday's performances from our music correspondent Mark Savage here. And for those of you in the UK, you can watch all the acts back on BBC iPlayer, where the festival will be streamed all weekend.

Today's coverage was brought to you by myself, Aoife Walsh, Ece Goksedef and Andre Rhoden-Paul in London, as well as our reporters in Glastonbury.

Guns N' Roses, Elton John, Lizzo, Lil Nas X and Lewis Capaldi are just a few of the stars lined up on Saturday and Sunday, and we hope you can join us again as we bring you the latest from the festival. Until then, it's goodnight from us, thanks for following along.

Kateryna Fuglevych was working as a TV reporter in the Ukrainian city of Odesa when the war began

More than 2,650 Ukrainians have arrived in Northern Ireland since Russia invaded their country in February 2022.

One of them is former TV reporter and presenter Kateryna Fuglevych.

The 32-year-old has been living in Belfast and working in a creche since fleeing Ukraine last spring.

When the war began, Ms Fuglevych left Odesa, where she was working as a journalist, and travelled to join her parents in her home city of Kherson, which was under Russian control.

She told BBC News NI she thought she would be there for a few days but ended up living in the basement of her family home for two months.

"Thank God my grandfather built that basement," she said.

"But even when we were down there we could hear the bombs, the missiles - we barely slept.

"We just could not believe that this could happen, that the war would come to our land. But I had to be with my family.

"We would swap medicine and food with neighbours so everyone could survive."

Kateryna Fuglevych sheltered from bombs in the basement of her family home in Kherson

Ms Fuglevych then made the decision to leave Kherson with the help of a friend.

"I had 15 minutes to pack everything, my whole life, in my car and leave," she said.

"The roads were gone - they had been destroyed - so we had to follow people who knew the way through fields.

"It was eight hours, no water because I forgot water, and it was very scary.

"I was worried that Russians would recognise me as a journalist when I hit a checkpoint.

"When I first saw a Ukrainian soldier, I hugged him."

Kateryna Fuglevych in a Ukrainian TV studio before she fled to the UK

Ms Fuglevych eventually made it to Odesa but when bombing started there, she decided to leave Ukraine.

She drove to Hungary and onwards to France before getting a ferry to Dover in England, eventually ending up in Belfast in the same car in which she had fled Ukraine.

"That car saved my life. It's been through a lot," she said.

"You can imagine, it needs a lot of repairs."

Ms Fuglevych's home city of Kherson has been in the headlines this month following the destruction of the Kakhovka dam which has cause serious flooding of vast areas of land on both sides of the Dnipro river.

An aerial view of flooded homes in Kherson after the Nova Kakhovka dam breach

While her parents managed to make it to Odesa, many of Kateryna's relatives are still in Kherson.

"Every day they live in huge fear because they live under the shelling and the missiles. They are in danger," she said.

"The flood has caused so much damage, I was crying. I knew there were animals and older people who could not escape.

"My parents thought they had escaped when they got to Odesa but it's under attack too.

"I haven't seen them in a year but sometimes we can video call. You can't imagine how difficult it is."

Ms Fuglevych has now been living in Belfast for eight months and says she is grateful for a chance to build a new life in Northern Ireland.

"It's very different to my life as a journalist," she said.

"I was speaking to politicians and celebrities and now I work with children, but it's great.

Kateryna Fuglevych pictured in the headquarters of BBC News NI in Belfast

"Belfast is amazing because of the people who are so kind and so pleasant when I'm talking about my parents, about my life.

"I know in Belfast in the past there were not such easy times so they feel in their soul how it is to try to live for Ukrainians.

"For me it's really very nice that I am here in Northern Ireland and I have a possibility to start a new life in Belfast."

Meta has said it will begin to restrict news on its platforms to Canadian consumers after parliament passed a controversial online news bill.

The bill forces big platforms to compensate news publishers for content posted on their sites.

Meta and Google have both already been testing limiting access to news to some Canadians.

In 2021, Australian users were blocked from sharing or viewing news on Facebook in response to a similar law.

Canada's Online News Act, which cleared the senate on Thursday, lays out rules requiring platforms like Meta and Google to negotiate commercial deals and pay news organisations for their content.

Meta has called the law "fundamentally flawed legislation that ignores the realities of how our platforms work".

On Thursday, it said news availability will be ended on Facebook and Instagram for all users in Canada - before the bill takes effect.

"A legislative framework that compels us to pay for links or content that we do not post, and which are not the reason the vast majority of people use our platforms, is neither sustainable nor workable," a Meta spokesperson told Reuters.

The company said the changes to news would not have an impact on other services for Canadian users.

Google called the bill "unworkable" in its current form and said it was seeking to work with the government to find a "path forward".

The federal government says the online news bill is necessary "to enhance fairness in the Canadian digital news market" and to allow struggling news organisations to "secure fair compensation" for news and links shared on the platforms.

An analysis of the bill by an independent parliament budget watchdog estimated news businesses could receive about C$329m ($250m; £196m) per year from digital platforms.

Earlier this month, Canadian Heritage Minister Pablo Rodriguez told Reuters the tests being run by the tech platforms were "unacceptable" and a "threat".

In Australia, Facebook restored news content to its users after talks with the government led to amendments.

On Thursday, Mr Rodriguez's office said he had met both Google and Facebook this week and planned further discussions - but the government would move forward with the bill's implementation.

"If the government can't stand up for Canadians against tech giants, who will?" he said in a statement.

Media industry groups hailed the bill's passage as a step towards market fairness.

"Real journalism, created by real journalists, continues to be demanded by Canadians and is vital to our democracy, but it costs real money," said Paul Deegan, president and chief executive officer of News Media Canada, a media industry group, said in a statement

The Online News Act is expected to take effect in Canada in six months.

Brecon Beacons National Park will use its Welsh language name only in future - Bannau Brycheiniog National Park

Anyone who has ever experienced announcing their new baby's name to friends and family will have realised something - people care about names.

Spare a thought for Jordan Thorne, the man behind the newly rebranded Bannau Brycheiniog, previously known as the Brecon Beacons.

The public discussion around the announcement evokes memories of the Boaty McBoatface saga or singer Prince famously replacing his name with a symbol.

The change was ushered in with a rousing video starring Welsh national treasure Michael Sheen and welcomed by many who approve of the reclaiming of the Welsh name.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Brecon Beacons National Park will now be calling itself only by its Welsh name, Bannau Brycheiniog

But not everyone was a fan - the prime minister's spokesman said people would continue to use the English name, veteran presenter John Humphrys called it a "pointless" move and leader of the Welsh Conservatives in the Senedd Andrew RT Davies said the change undermined the already well-known tourist destination.

Monday's launch was the culmination of two years' work by Cardiff-based creative agency Creo and the response has left its creative director Jordan feeling "over the moon".

Jordan had anticipated not everyone would welcome the name Bannau Brycheiniog, which means "the peaks of Brychan's kingdom".

"We knew changing a brand a lot of people have grown up with would cause some conversation... but it's not really a name change, it's retaining that Welsh name that's always been there," he said.

"There is this cultural shift within Wales and it's an incredibly proud moment for us as a country to say that actually we are here, this is our heritage, let's celebrate it and use this as a device to educate those coming in as to what we're all about," he said.

When the agency was first approached by the then Brecon Beacons National Park it was after a simple rebrand to reflect its new management plan to reverse declines in wildlife species across the park by 2030, and reach net-zero carbon emissions by 2035.

The national park covers approximately 520 sq miles of south and mid Wales

But Jordan said the project snowballed once the six-month consultation with those who live, work and volunteer at the park began.

"They all started to say that the current brand was almost becoming a bit too dated for them and wasn't really representative of what they were now," he said.

He said despite some accusations to the contrary the dropping of the old name was never political.

"It was never a political decision to drop the English and there was never any anti-English sort of connotation to it whatsoever," he said.

"It's something that has been in the brand from the very beginning and we just decided to embrace that and be part of this cultural movement within Wales as a whole."

In the past few days Jordan defended the rebrand on Twitter after some users said there had not been enough consultation.

The national park includes parts of Powys, Carmarthenshire, Monmouthshire, Rhondda Cynon Taf and Merthyr Tydfil

"What I didn't want to happen was that people would feel that the park just decided to do this because a consultancy firm went in and told them to. This was naturally an evolution from workshops and discussions," he said.

Jordan said his company had been approached by the park following its work with Eryri National Park, previously known as Snowdonia, which decided the area should be referred to by its Welsh name in November.

Bannau Brycheiniog National Park is home to the Green Man Festival

He said a few years back while working on its website they were privy to conversations about a potential name change.

He said this experience then helped with the Bannau Brycheiniog rebrand.

But will people adopt the reclaimed Welsh name?

Richard Edwards runs The Courthouse guest house in Eryri. When asked if visitors or locals use the Welsh name he said: "Never, I've never heard anybody use it."

The Bannau Brycheiniog national park is home to Pontsticill Reservoir

"I don't speak Welsh, obviously Welsh people speaking in their own language will use it but we've never heard it from guests or our colleagues who run guest houses," he said.

He said of most visitors: "They use Snowdonia as a general term for the area but they also misuse it as the name of the mountain."

When the park announced it would be known as Eryri it also announced that Snowdon, the mountain, would be known as Yr Wyddfa.

Asked if he thought people would use the Welsh name, Jordan said: "We don't envisage people starting to suddenly drop [Brecon Beacons] and say Bannau Brycheiniog, I do see it as more of a generational change."

He said he hoped it would "slowly drip feed into the next generation coming through as they become a little bit proud of their Welsh heritage".

But why do people feel so strongly about names?

Brand writer Ed Prichard believes the rebrand 'comes from the heart'

London-based brand writer Ed Prichard, who makes his living coming up with names for businesses and organisations, said renaming things could be particularly difficult.

"People get very comfortable with things, they don't like change," he said.

"With something as big as this people find it quite upsetting, a bit disconcerting because they're used to a certain way of referring to something.

"There's that old saying 'the only one who likes changes is a wet baby'."

He recalled the "big fuss" when Marathon bars were renamed Snickers.

"But everybody is quite happy with Snickers these days, nobody even thinks about it, it just takes time," he said.

Ed is a fan of the Bannau Brycheiniog rebrand.

Referring to the video with Michael Sheen, he said: "I like the way he referred to it as 'an old name for a new way of being'... that made a lot of sense.

"I think it comes from the heart - it's not like it's a made-up name which has nothing to do with the area.

"I think it'll have the impact the park is looking for."

California-based Anthony Shore supports certain places in the US reverting to their native American names

He is excited by what he has seen in Wales and wants more places to follow suit.

"I believe that there is a sense of liberation and independence that comes when a country readopts a name born out of their own native language rather than some other country's native tongue," he said.

"We've seen this happen throughout history with countries and cities - we have Bombay becoming Mumbai, Peking becoming Beijing, Siam becoming Thailand, Burma to Myanmar and so on and so forth.

"As an American it brings up the question as to how American our own place names should be - should we start converting all place names to the names of the native Indian tribes who were here before America was colonised and I think that's a reasonable question."

When asked how easy to remember or pronounce Bannau Brycheiniog was for people outside Wales, he said: "Whether it's easy for other people to pronounce or remember is not necessarily the problem of the native speakers of that language.

"Really it is a responsibility that is adopted by foreigners in order to learn how to pronounce that name.

"Initially people may struggle with it but they'll get used to it. They'll figure it out, and they'll move on."

Nicola Bulley went missing on a dog walk in St Michael's on Wyre, Lancashire, on 27 January

Nicola Bulley's death was accidental and she did not have "any desire" to take her own life, a coroner concluded.

The 45-year-old drowned after falling into cold water, Dr James Adeley, senior coroner for Lancashire ruled.

Experts told the hearing entering cold water can cause a person to gasp and inhale water and drown in seconds.

After the verdict, Ms Bulley's family hit out at "wildly inaccurate speculation" on social media that followed her death

Ms Bulley's family still receive "negative targeted messages" on social media, as well as seeing "wildly inaccurate speculation" on a number of platforms months after her death, they said in a statement read by their lawyer, Terry Wilcox.

The family urged the public "to look at the facts the evidence that has been heard during the inquest, and the conclusion reached by the coroner and to ignore any amateur views and opinions and be mindful of the impact words bring".

He added: "The last few months have been extremely tough to process for our family.

"The emotional impact will stay long in our hearts and whilst we will never forget the loss of our Nikki, we will forever remember her as a brilliant mum, partner, daughter and sister that we all knew and loved so very much."

But he said the "help and support we have received over these past few months has meant more than words can say".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Be mindful of the impact words bring - Nicola Bulley's family

Ms Bulley went missing on a dog walk in St Michael's on Wyre, Lancashire, on 27 January, prompting a major search, which led to intense public interest and a social media frenzy of conspiracy theories.

Her body was found in the River Wyre more than three weeks later on 19 February.

During the huge search after she vanished, police urged against people fuelling damaging rumours making their job harder and attracting sightseers to the village where she disappeared.

Lancashire Police came under fire after revealing Ms Bulley's struggles with alcohol and perimenopause.

The coroner said one purpose of the inquest was to "allay rumour and suspicion" and he would rely only on "reliable sources" and not explore the "theories advanced by those who contribute to social media fora".

Ms Bulley's phone was found on a bench close to River Wyre and was still connected to a work conference call

Earlier the inquest heard Ms Bulley, a mother-of-two, had been "looking forward to the future" before she went missing.

Her partner of 12 years, Paul Ansell, said there had been concerns about her drinking and she had a "blip" over Christmas but she was back to herself by January.

He said: "She had a good day the day before [she went missing], came home full of beans, excited with work, with the meetings she had and plans for the year."

The inquest heard the family had called 999 with worries about her welfare earlier in January.

On the call-out Dr Theresa Leevy said the call followed Ms Bulley telling her sister she did not want to engage with her children and was "not wishing to be here".

Ms Bulley's former GP told the hearing there was "nothing" in her medical records to suggest she wanted to self-harm.

Paul Ansell said his partner was planning for the future the day before she went missing

Dr Rebecca Gray said she had been receiving treatment for "low mood and anxiety" since December 2018, later telling of headaches, fatigue and lack of sleep.

Ms Bulley had been receiving HRT for the menopause since summer 2021, the inquest heard.

In his verdict Dr Adeley said there was "no evidence" to suggest Ms Bulley intended to take her own life.

He said: "Excluding a couple of comments over the Christmas period when she was acting out of character and were treated as throw away comments, there was no indication of any intention to take her own life.

"Her behaviour in the week before her death was back to normal, she had restarted her HRT therapy, stopped drinking some time before, was making plans for play dates and spa days with several people."

Dr Adeley said she was "becoming increasingly successful at her new career as a mortgage broker" and her behaviour during a parents visit the night before she went missing was "entirely normally".

He added: "The circumstances found after her death would also be extremely unusual for suicide where Nikki left Willow, a dog to who she was devoted and was described as a third child, alone on the river bank."

He said Ms Bulley would have had to have had "sufficient knowledge of cold water shock to realise as to how rapidly a death may occur as otherwise she may be spotted and saved".

"For these and many other reasons I discount a conclusion of suicide as there is no evidence to support this conclusion.

"There was also no natural disease that contributed to Nikki's death. The remaining conclusion is that of accidental death."

Nicola Bulley drowned after falling into cold water, Dr James Adeley, senior coroner for Lancashire ruled

Speaking outside Preston's County Hall, Lancashire Constabulary's head of crime Det Ch Supt Pauline Stables said: "I want to start by saying that first and foremost my thoughts today are with Nikki's family and loved ones.

"They have been through the most unimaginable ordeal over the last six months and I can only hope that this inquest will help in some small way by answering some of the questions they had about what happened to Nikki on 27 January and will allow them to start the process of rebuilding their lives as best as they can."

She said she hoped the coroner's conclusion would put an end to "ill-informed speculation and conspiracy theories" surrounding Ms Bulley's death.

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

People feel the stress in China amid an ongoing heatwave

The world's average temperature reached a new high on Monday 3 July, topping 17 degrees Celsius for the first time.

Scientists say the reading was the highest in any instrumental record dating back to the end of the 19th century.

The high heat is due to a combination of the El Niño weather event and ongoing emissions of carbon dioxide.

Researchers believe there will be more records in the coming months as El Niño strengthens.

Since the start of this year, researchers have been growing increasingly concerned about rapidly rising temperatures on land and at sea.

Record spring heat in Spain and in many countries in Asia was followed by marine heatwaves in places that don't normally see them, such as in the North Sea.

This week China continued to experience an enduring heatwave with temperatures in some places above 35C, while the southern US has also been subject to stifling conditions.

Against this background, the global average temperature reached 17.01C on 3 July, according to the US National Centers for Environmental Prediction.

This broke the previous record of 16.92C that had stood since August 2016.

Monday's high was also the warmest since satellite monitoring began in 1979.

India has also felt the impacts of heat and drought

The El Niño Southern Oscillation, or ENSO, as it is properly called, has three different phases: Hot, cold or neutral. It is the most powerful fluctuation in the climate system anywhere on Earth.

In June, scientists declared that El Niño conditions were present. This means that additional heat is now welling up to the surface of the Pacific ocean, pushing up the global temperature.

"The average global surface air temperature reaching 17C for the first time since we have reliable records available is a significant symbolic milestone in our warming world," said climate researcher Leon Simons.

"Now that the warmer phase of El Niño is starting we can expect a lot more daily, monthly and annual records breaking in the next 1.5 years."

Monday's record temperature comes as the month of June was also confirmed as the hottest June in the global record.

Average temperatures across the planet were 1.46C above the average in the period between 1850 and 1900.

The impact of high temperatures is also being felt at the world's extremes. In Antarctica, the July temperature record was recently broken with a reading of 8.7C taken at Ukraine's Vernadsky Research base.

With El Niño likely to strengthen over the coming months, it's likely that more records will be shattered as the northern hemisphere summer goes on.

"Chances are that July will be the warmest ever, and with it the hottest month ever: 'ever' meaning since the Eemian which is some 120,000 years ago," said Karsten Haustein, from the University of Leipzig.

"While southern hemisphere temperatures will drop a bit in the next few days, chances are that July and August will see even warmer days yet given that El Niño is now pretty much in full swing".

James Allchurch was found guilty on 10 counts of distributing material to stir up racial hatred

A Neo-Nazi's website is still online despite him being jailed for hate crimes.

James Allchurch, 51, was sentenced to two-and-a-half years on Monday for spreading racist and anti-Semitic material.

But the site remained accessible and new posts were uploaded as recently as Friday.

Counter-terrorism police said only material that met a criminal threshold could be removed.

On the site, Allchurch goes by the name Sven Longshanks.

Edward I, also known as Edward Longshanks, ordered the expulsion of the Jews from England in 1290.

In one recording, Allchurch claimed the site existed to "encourage virtue among our people".

In another, he discussed Diane Abbott's suspension from Labour using racist language.

There is a series of articles and broadcasts entitled Greatest Britons: Sir Oswald Mosley.

Mosley was founder of the Hitler-supporting British Union of Fascists.

The site also repeatedly employs the Pepe the Frog character, recognised as a hate symbol by the Anti-Defamation League.

Media lawyer Steve Kunewicz, of Glaisyers solicitors, warned the material could still be shared online.

"When you are dealing with something like this, you have got to have a 360-degree approach," he said.

Alex Davies, jailed for being a member of neo-Nazi group National Action, guested on his shows

"This is not just about the person, it is about the content.

"It is free to be shared and disseminated and commented upon by other people. These things can get traction.

"The best thing to do it take it down at source. They have gone for the person, now they are going to need to take some steps to get rid of the content."

According to domain tracer Who Is, the website is hosted for Allchurch, of Gelli, Pembrokeshire, by US based Epik Holdings.

That has been associated with far-right sites and currently hosts InfoWars, the conspiracy theory site owned by American Alex Jones.

He was ordered to pay almost $1.5bn (£1.2bn) for falsely claiming the 2012 Sandy Hook school shooting was a hoax.

Hope Not Hate's Matthew Collins said: "Despite being in prison, James Allchurch's vile racism is still available for anyone to view online and is likely profiting by having his site soliciting donations.

"Allchurch's content is dangerous and has the capacity to incite racial hatred."

Allchurch was caught after an investigation by counter terrorism police.

There was a series of articles and broadcasts on Allchurch's site about Sir Oswald Mosley

A spokesman said the recordings that were the subject of the charges had been taken down.

He added: "While much of the remaining material on this site is grossly offensive, only that which meets a criminal threshold can be removed.

"Despite this, we continue to work closely with the CPS (Crown Prosecution Service) and the Counter Terrorism Internet Referral Unit to explore all available options."

Epik Holdings has been approached for comment.

The UK Statistics Authority said Sadiq Khan's claim was "not supported by publicly available data"

The UK Statistics Authority (UKSA) says Sadiq Khan's claim that 90% of cars in outer London meet Ultra Low Emission Zone (ULEZ) standards was not supported by publicly available data at the time.

Data was released this month after a complaint was made to the watchdog.

The mayor's office admitted he misspoke in March when he said nine in 10 households complied.

City Hall's claim that 90% of cars seen driving in outer London complied with ULEZ standards was backed by the UKSA.

From 29 August, the most polluting vehicles within Greater London must pay a £12.50 daily charge or a £180 fine.

The ULEZ expansion is subject to a judicial review next month.

The limited Transport for London (TfL) data shows the daily average total number of ULEZ-compliant cars detected in outer London in November 2022 stands at 90%.

A separate freedom of information request by the BBC to TfL showed one in six cars registered in outer London did not meet ULEZ standards last year, based on figures from the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders.

The BBC has repeatedly requested the complete data behind the 90% claim from the mayor's office, including the number of vehicles captured on camera.

The ULEZ is due to be expanded in August

The official statistics watchdog called on the mayor to provide more details to back up the claim and said it was part of a pattern where the mayor's agency TfL made public claims without publishing supporting evidence.

The Office for Statistics Regulation (OSR), the independent regulatory arm of the UK Statistics Authority, looked at what Mr Khan has said about ULEZ after a complaint from Liberal Democrat MP for Twickenham Munira Wilson in April.

She said Mr Khan's claim about how few households would be hit by ULEZ was "misleading."

TfL said at the time that nine out of 10 cars seen on its cameras "driving in outer London on an average day" did comply with ULEZ standards.

However, Ms Wilson said this was not evidence about the number of households affected.

In his letter to Ms Wilson, UKSA chairman Sir Robert Chote said: "We are satisfied that data collected by TfL at the time supports the mayor's claim that nine in 10 cars seen driving in outer London now meet ULEZ standards.

"However, data on households in outer London who have a car that meet ULEZ emissions standards are not available.

"The statement made by the mayor relating to households in outer London is therefore not supported by publicly available data.

"The data underlying the mayor's claim on cars driving in outer London were not available to the general public at the time, either from the mayor's office or from TfL.

"Users requesting clarification were provided with additional information, but that too was not made available on an equal basis to the general public."

Transport for London claims most cars driven in London are ULEZ compliant

Sir Robert said that this was "inconsistent" with "principles of intelligent transparency" and the Code of Practice for Statistics to which the mayor and TfL voluntarily subscribe.

"This case is one of several examples raised with us in which TfL has made statements or issued press releases based on unpublished TfL data or where data quoted are not provided with sufficient context," he said.

"This prevents interested members of the public from being able to verify the figures, which can undermine trust in the organisations producing the analysis and their other outputs.

"While some additional information has now been published, I would urge the mayor and TfL to make this material fully accessible to support understanding on what is a topic of high public interest."

A spokesperson for Sadiq Khan said: "City Hall welcomes confirmation that the OSR is content with the accuracy of the statement that nine out of 10 cars seen driving on an average day in outer London are ULEZ compliant.

"We note that further background explaining the data should have been provided at the time."

Ms Wilson said the mayor "has serious questions to answer".

She said: "The case for delaying this scheme is now overwhelming. Not even the mayor knows how many households in outer London have non-compliant cars.

"We need far more openness from City Hall if the public is going to buy into this scheme."

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Lindsey Burrow initially set out to raise £7,777, but has since raised more than £53,000

The wife of rugby league legend Rob Burrow has said she was "lost for words" after smashing her fundraising target at the Leeds Marathon.

Lindsey Burrow was raising money for Leeds Hospitals Charity at the event created in her husband's name.

Rob Burrow, who has motor neurone disease (MND), has been raising money with friend and former Leeds Rhinos teammate Kevin Sinfield.

"The support they received will live with them for ever," she said.

Ms Burrow initially set a target of £7,777 - a nod to the number seven shirt her husband wore when playing.

Since she ran the marathon on Sunday she has raised more than £53,000.

Rob Burrow, Kevin Sinfield and Lindsey Burrow waved runners off during the event on Sunday

"It was just such a special occasion," she told BBC Radio Leeds.

"I've just pulled up at work and I've had so many text messages saying, 'Have you seen your JustGiving page?'

"Honestly, I'm absolutely lost for words. I'm quite emotional actually thinking about it. I'm just a working mum, and I know obviously Rob's wife, but that will make a real difference [to the charity].

More than 12,000 people are thought to have run the first ever Rob Burrow Leeds Marathon

More than 12,000 people took part in the inaugural 26.2-mile (42.2km) run, which was set up to raise money for charities following Kevin Sinfield's huge fundraising efforts.

The start time of the race was delayed with so many runners taking on the full marathon and half marathon.

Burrow thanked runners before the races for taking part, following his MND diagnosis in 2019.

Sinfield, who pushed Burrow round the course in a specially-adapted chair, stopped short of the finish to carry his friend over the line.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch the emotional moment Rob Burrow is carried over the line

"I've seen the footage of Kevin carrying Rob over the finish line and I just think what a special friendship, what a special bond," said Ms Burrow.

"Rob was delighted to take part in the marathon."

Describing the support of the community as "phenomenal", she added: "I've never experienced anything like that, it was incredible."

Follow BBC Yorkshire on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to yorkslincs.news@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

There will be new support for landowners to deter fly-tipping on their land

Larger penalties for fly-tipping and fresh powers to fine drivers who throw rubbish from vehicles are part of a new Scottish government litter strategy.

Fly-tipping fines will be raised from £200 to £500.

There will also new support for schemes that provide alternatives to single-use items like coffee cups.

Circular Economy Minister Lorna Slater said it was part of a wider package of measures to tackle Scotland's "throwaway culture".

More than £280m a year is spent cleaning up litter in Scotland, which environmental campaigners say is the worst in a decade.

The six-year "National Litter and Fly tipping Strategy" sets out how national and local government, businesses and communities can work together to drive change.

It includes an action plan of measures to be carried out by Scottish government and partner agencies in the first year.

A key measure is fines for fly-tipping rising to £500, with support for private landowners - including funding for trials - to help deter rubbish being dumped on their property.

There will also be increased action to detect fly-tippers, especially unregistered waste carriers advertising online, and a dedicated Sepa operation to tackle rogue operators.

The strategy also includes new powers to a fine the registered keeper of a vehicle that has committed a littering offence.

Single use coffee cups are used in their millions each year

A new online hub will also be launched to provide information and support to community groups and other local organisations about tackling litter problems.

The strategy has been developed in partnership with Zero Waste Scotland, Keep Scotland Beautiful and environment agency Sepa.

Barry Fisher, CEO of Keep Scotland Beautiful, said the strategy did not deliver everything they had asked for, but he recognised that Scotland was facing "a number of challenges which make this unrealistic at this time".

He added: "We realise that the strategy will not immediately reverse the decline we have recorded in cleanliness levels across Scotland, however it is a positive start, and we are now calling on everyone to play their part."

Circular Economy minister Lorna Slater said "enforcement" was a key theme of the plan.

She added: "The strategy sets out robust commitments, including raising fixed penalty notices for fly-tipping to £500 and considering increasing fines further if required.

"It is part of a wider package of measures to tackle Scotland's throwaway culture, including becoming the first nation in the UK to ban some of the most problematic single-use plastics, a commitment to introduce a charge on single-use cups, the introduction of a Deposit Return Scheme, and reform of extended producer responsibility for packaging."

The government would not say how much the publicity drive is expected to cost.

The Home Office is launching an ad campaign targeting Albanian nationals to deter them from migrating to the UK.

The adverts, which will run in Albanian on Facebook and Instagram, will warn that people will "face being detained and removed" if they make the journey.

The government said the campaign, starting next week, would "make clear the perils" migrants on small boats face.

Labour said the move "beggars belief", and the asylum system was "in chaos".

According to the Home Office, Albania is a "safe and prosperous country" and many nationals "are travelling through multiple countries to make the journey to the UK" before making "spurious asylum claims when they arrive".

The campaign follows a similar social media drive launched by the government in August last year.

This is one of the adverts the Home Office has ran targeting people considering entering the UK without permission

Immigration minister Robert Jenrick said the campaign would "work proactively at the source before people set off on dangerous and unnecessary journeys".

Albania was the most common nationality applying for asylum in the UK in the year to March 2023, with 13,714 applications by Albanian citizens.

Between January and March, 1% of small-boat arrivals were from Albania.

Mr Jenrick said: "We are determined to stop the boats and the campaign, launching in Albania this week, is just one component of the Home Office's work upstream to help dispel myths about illegal travel to the UK, explain the realities and combat the lies peddled by evil people-smugglers who profit from this vile trade."

The government would not say how much the publicity drive is expected to cost.

Last year Albanians demonstrated in central London following comments from the government, calling it 'the language of hatred'

Tim Naor Hilton, chief executive of Refugee Action, called the campaign "pointless" and said it "repeats the myth that refugee migration is illegal".

He said: "This is yet another pointless campaign that shows ministers refuse to understand that a small minority of the world's refugees have very powerful reasons to come here.

"If the Government wanted to smash the smuggling gangs and stop people crossing the Channel in flimsy boats it would create more safe routes for refugees to travel here to claim asylum."

Chief executive of refugee charity Care4Calais Steve Smith said "no amount of taxpayer-funded PR spin" will deter refugees "from seeking a safe future".

"Refugees have experienced some of the worst things imaginable from war and conflict to torture and human rights abuses.

"The only solution that will put people smugglers out of business, stop small boat crossings and save lives is to offer safe passage to refugees with a viable asylum claim in the UK."

Shadow Home Secretary Yvette Cooper said: "It beggars belief that as Channel crossings continue to rise and the asylum system is in chaos, all the Conservatives can come up with to stop the criminal gangs is an ad campaign.

"At every turn, the Tories so-called solutions fail to meet the scale of the crisis. All they are doing is tinkering at the edges."

The campaign follows the government's Illegal Migration Bill, which aims to send asylum seekers who arrive in Britain via unauthorised routes back home or to a third country such as Rwanda.

Ministers also hope the legislation will cut the daily £5.5m cost of housing migrants who make it to the UK.

The Bill, currently in the House of Lords, has faced backlash from public figures and campaigners including the Archbishop of Canterbury, who argue that it is both unworkable and "morally unacceptable".

Willoughby and Schofield filmed a segment about the lying in state for This Morning

ITV's chief executive has backed Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield after the hosts were accused of jumping the queue for the Queen's lying-in-state.

Dame Carolyn McCall said the pair did nothing wrong and were "of course" safe in their jobs presenting This Morning.

The reaction in the press and on social media showed "how misinformation just spreads, and it is really horrible for them", Dame Carolyn said.

"I don't think they're feeling great. I mean, it's hard," she added.

"Imagine yourself in the eye of a storm like this, where you're trying to say you've done nothing wrong, and all the noise around you is saying that you have. It's difficult to handle."

Willoughby and Schofield were criticised after being seen on a live feed that streamed the viewing of the Queen's coffin. Members of the public queued for many hours to get into Westminster Hall.

"They did have accreditation," Dame Carolyn said. "Lots of people say they didn't. They were sent by This Morning to do a piece for 20 September, which ran. They were to interview people inside and outside. They didn't displace anyone in the queue. And actually, they've been very misrepresented."

Willoughby has said they had "official permission to access the hall.... strictly for the purpose of reporting"

The backlash showed how "minority shrillness can become very, very loud and can become picked up and can become a story", she added.

Those taking aim at them included Domino's Pizza, which put out a tweet saying: "Apologies to anyone waiting on their pizza, we've just received an order from Holly and Phil."

Dame Carolyn said ITV spoke to Domino's, which advertises on the broadcaster's channels. "We just said to them, 'What are you doing?'

"They said, 'We think it's really funny, don't you?' We said, 'No.' They didn't think of the impact that would have on how people would pick that up and start memeing it, and that's what happens with these things.

"They did not do anything wrong."

Dame Carolyn was speaking at the Royal Television Society London Convention, in an interview with BBC media editor Amol Rajan.

The saga of Holly, Phil and The Queue is a very modern one. As Dame Carolyn McCall implied, there is no science as to why some stories take off on social media and others don't. Usually, it is an unlikely, toxic mix of factors.

Here, public affection for the Queen, images of other celebrities who queued for hours, and Holly and Phil's reputation as cuddly and relatable presenters contrived to see them fall foul of the public mood.

Dame Carolyn was speaking at a Royal Television Society event where there was some concern about the impact of a recession on the media. She was very interesting on a curiosity of modern capitalism: namely, why some companies making no profit (like some streaming services) have huge valuations, while others whose underlying business is reporting solid growth (like ITV) are seeing their share price fall.

Market sentiment, as Britain is finding out this week, is not always rational or predictable.

Dame Carolyn also discussed the November launch of streaming service ITVX, which is aiming to upgrade the "very clunky user experience" of the ITV Hub.

She said ITVX would offer many more programmes, with more than 9,000 hours available for free in an attempt to appeal to younger audiences.

"The issue for Hub was that, with that small amount of content, they wouldn't stay. They'd come in for the whole of Love Island and then they disappear. They wouldn't come back, because there was nothing else for them to watch."

ITV has not yet found Laura Whitmore's replacement as Love Island host, she said. Asked if the company has found a host for the reboot of Big Brother, she replied: "Not announced yet."

Other broadcasting executives speaking at the convention included BBC director general Tim Davie, who said he was not worried by the departures of a number of high-profile presenters for commercial rivals in recent months.

At the weekend, Fortunately podcast hosts Fi Glover and Jane Garvey became the latest names to leave, following the likes of Vanessa Feltz, Simon Mayo, Emily Maitlis and Andrew Marr.

"We didn't look like we had a weak squad in the coverage of the Queen," Mr Davie said. "We have a very broad squad of people. There will be people moving in and out of the BBC. That always has been done to a degree. It's a hyper-competitive market."

He also said having former Downing Street communications director Sir Robbie Gibb on the BBC board had helped the broadcaster in its quest for impartiality.

Sir Robbie's presence on the 13-strong board has attracted controversy, with Maitlis recently claiming he was an "active agent of the Conservative Party".

Mr Davie told delegates: "We are absolutely fighting for fair and balanced output with due impartiality.

"We do take board members with all kinds of background and whatever - some of them have baggage."

"But they have views and they are able to share those views, but they don't shape the output. They don't make the editorial calls. We do."

Donald Trump has pleaded not guilty to 34 felony charges related falsifying business records, stemming from hush money payments made to adult film star Stormy Daniels in 2016.

He left his home at Trump Tower shortly after 13:00 local time (18:00 BST). He waved to waiting cameras, making a fist, before getting into his car.

It took just minutes for the former president's motorcade to make the 6.4km (4 mile) drive from his home at Trump Tower to the Manhattan Criminal Courthouse. During the drive, he posted on his social media website: "Seems so SURREAL -- WOW, they are going to ARREST ME".

He appeared calm and serious as he walked into the courthouse, pausing to wave at the crowd.

Once inside, he surrendered to the authorities and was booked and processed. He then was seen walking into the courtroom.

Inside, he sat in front of the judge, surrounded by his legal team. The former president of the United States then entered his not guilty plea.

After a nearly hourlong hearing, Donald Trump made his way out of the courthouse just after 15:30 pm local time.

The film stars Margot Robbie as Barbie and Ryan Gosling as Ken

An Edinburgh macaron maker has spoken of her surprise at being asked to produce hundreds of sweet treats for the new Barbie film.

Mademoiselle Macaron sent 300 French meringue confections to the film set in Hertfordshire last year.

Staff were sworn to secrecy after receiving an email requesting an order from Warner Brothers Studios.

Mademoiselle Macaron founder Rachel Hanretty said staff "let out a little shriek" when the order arrived.

"We weren't 100% convinced that this was the Barbie set," she told BBC Radio Scotland's Lunchtime Live programme.

"But we were speaking to one of the set designers and, lo and behold, the delivery address was simply: Building One, Barbie Set, Warner Bros Studios, Leavesden."

Rachel Hanretty is the founder of Mademoiselle Macaron

In keeping with the movie's colour scheme, the sweets they supplied were flavoured with rose, raspberry, lemon, orange blossom and caramel.

However, Rachel does not know how the film's producers found out about their business.

She said: "It just seems so far removed from our kitchen in Edinburgh.

"We do sell macarons around the UK, but the fact that they could've been near Ryan Gosling is something to think about."

The film, which is released in UK cinemas on Friday, stars Margot Robbie as Barbie and Ryan Gosling as Ken and was directed by Greta Gerwig.

The cast also includes Scottish actors Sharon Rooney, who plays a lawyer Barbie, and Ncuti Gatwa, who wears a denim jacket for a cowboy-inspired take on Ken.

New measures aimed at curbing protest methods often used by environmental groups have come into effect.

Police in England and Wales now have powers to move protesters who disrupt transport, while offenders could face three years in jail for tunnelling.

The Home Office says the Public Order Act 2023 will target "a selfish minority" but critics argue they threaten the right to protest.

Groups such as Just Stop Oil have continued with high-profile protests.

Under the new laws, those found guilty of tunnelling or "being present in a tunnel to cause serious disruption" could be jailed for up to three years.

Taking equipment to a tunnel carries a maximum penalty of six months in prison, as will obstructing major transport works.

The digging of makeshift tunnels has been used for many years as a form of protest, against projects such as the building of the HS2 rail project, as well as by groups such as Extinction Rebellion and Just Stop Oil.

The British Transport Police and the Ministry of Defence Police will now have powers to move static protests, a common tactic of campaign groups.

Home Secretary Suella Braverman said the heightened measures will target "selfish protesters" who cause "mayhem" on the streets.

In recent months, the government has also introduced new powers to tackle tactics used by protest groups, including slow-walking and "locking on".

Despite the enhanced measures, environmental groups have continued to take action, including briefly halting Saturday's annual Pride parade in central London in a protest against one of the event's sponsors.

A Just Stop Oil spokesperson told the BBC the "draconian" measures were targeting young people who "just want a liveable future".

Extinction Rebellion urged the government to stop curtailing the right to protest and instead "stop issuing new licences for oil, coal and gas".

The average house price in Salcombe has jumped by 123% since 2012, according to Halifax

Britain's most expensive seaside town is Salcombe in Devon - with an average house price of more than £1.2m in 2022, according to Halifax.

Salcombe overtook Sandbanks, in Dorset, which was the priciest seaside spot in 2021.

According to the bank's analysis, seven of the top 10 most expensive seaside spots were in Devon and Cornwall.

The least expensive seaside location was Greenock, Scotland, where the average house price was £97,608.

The bank analysed house price data for 209 coastal locations across England, Wales and Scotland in the 12 months to December 2022.

Salcombe's main attraction is the picturesque estuary that forms the town's extensive waterfront, making it a popular place for water activities.

It is also favoured by ramblers who are drawn to the area's steep coastal paths.

While it is rich in natural beauty, Salcombe "does not function like a normal town", according to South Hams District Council leader Judy Pearce.

Ms Pearce, a Conservative councillor for Salcombe and Thurlestone, said the high proportion of second homes in the town "makes life quite difficult".

She said the population surges from about 2,000 to more than 23,000 in the summer months.

"In the winter the town is absolutely dead," she said. "It's like a morgue.

"There is nobody around at all. The lifeblood of the town is stripped out.

"In a community you have a lot of people doing voluntary jobs [but] there just isn't the manpower in Salcombe."

Salcombe has a population of about 2,000 residents, according to the 2011 census

The town is represented in Parliament by Conservative MP for Totnes Anthony Mangnall

Salcombe is about four hours and 30 minutes by car from London

Salcombe is a 50-minute drive from Plymouth, the closest city

Nigel Blazeby, from Salcombe RNLI, said the town "has always been an expensive place to live".

"It's a beautiful place and it's popular with locals and other people who want come to live here from further afield," he added.

Many of the most expensive seaside locations in the Halifax analysis were found along the coastline of southern England, all areas popular with second homeowners.

Back in 2012 the average house price in Salcombe, at £558,538, was less than half the typical 2022 value.

According to the Halifax study, the cost of coastal homes across the UK increased by 56% between 2012 and 2022, from £195,509 to £304,460.

During the early months of the Covid pandemic, coastal and rural locations were particularly popular as house hunters looked for properties with more space.

Other locations where house prices have at least doubled over the past decade include Margate and Westgate-on-Sea in Kent.

By the end of 2022, a home in Margate cost 109% more, on average, than it did in 2012, rising from £146,276 to £305,191.

Padstow was named the priciest seaside spot in Cornwall

The average cost of a property in Westgate-on-Sea doubled, from £154,686 to £308,764.

Kim Kinnaird, mortgages director at Halifax, said owning a home by the sea was an "aspiration" for many.

"But this comes at a price in many locations and Britain's most expensive seaside spot, Salcombe in Devon, will set buyers back over £1.2m on average," she said.

"When we delve deeper into the cost of Britain's seaside homes it's clear that there is a broad spectrum in house prices."

She said second home ownership "undoubtedly" played a role in driving up house prices in desirable locations.

"While house prices in any location are driven by factors such as supply and demand and interest rates, there are also socio-economic factors at play," she said.

"Some of these factors are more acute in Britain's coastal communities and many British towns most in need of investment also sit near the shore."

Ms Pearce said the council was "fairly limited" in what it could do to make homes more affordable in Salcombe.

She said new builds in the area had a residency condition, there were cash incentives for homeowners to downsize and the council was building as many affordable homes as possible.

The authority has also agreed to charge second homeowners double council tax if legislation is approved by Parliament.

Ms Pearce said of the measures: "What we can do is a drop in the ocean, and that's the problem."

Halifax used Land Registry data covering England and Wales in addition to figures from the Registers of Scotland for the study.

Average house prices in the 10 most expensive seaside towns in Britain, according to Halifax analysis

The 10 least expensive seaside towns in Britain, according to Halifax analysis

The 10 seaside towns with the biggest increases between 2012 and 2022, according to Halifax analysis

Follow BBC News South West on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Send your story ideas to spotlight@bbc.co.uk.

A man has been found guilty of murdering a Met Police sergeant by shooting him in the chest with an antique gun he had smuggled into a south London custody centre.

Sgt Matiu Ratana, 54, died of a chest wound after being hit by two bullets at Croydon's Windmill Road custody block on 25 September 2020.

Louis De Zoysa, 25 and from Surrey, had claimed diminished responsibility.

But a jury at Northampton Crown Court ruled he had acted deliberately.

He will be sentenced on 27 July.

During the three-week trial, the jury was shown distressing video footage of the New Zealand-born sergeant being hit by the first of three shots discharged by De Zoysa.

A second bullet struck him in his thigh before De Zoysa was wrestled to the ground by other officers.

Sgt Ratana, who was known as Matt, died of his injuries in hospital.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Footage shows arrest and detention of man accused of shooting police officer in custody

De Zoysa, who was living in Banstead, Surrey, was left with brain damage after a fourth shot which he fired while on the floor hit an artery in his neck.

He now uses a wheelchair and has communication difficulties.

When he was arrested in London Road, Norbury, officers did not find the antique Colt .41, 1895 double action revolver he had on him which he had legally purchased over the internet. It had been loaded with six rounds of ammunition which he had made himself.

They did discover a bag contained seven bullets and cannabis, and he was taken into custody.

De Zoysa bought the antique revolver in an online auction in June 2020

During the trial, prosecutors said De Zoysa "retrieved" the 128-year old weapon from a holster under his left arm, while handcuffed to the rear, as he was being transported to Windmill Road in a police van.

CCTV evidence suggested he managed to get hold of the gun - which has now been made illegal - with his right hand about 16 minutes before the shooting and then hid it in the back of his overcoat.

Speaking outside the court, Sgt Ratana's partner Su Bushby said: "Today is about justice for Matt.

"His life was taken too soon in the line of duty doing a job that he loved - a cruel end to a lifetime of service and dedication protecting others."

She said although the trial was now over, "the constant feeling of grief and loss continues".

"My love for Matt, my gentle giant, will never end. He will never be forgotten."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Speaking after Ms Bushby, Met Police Commissioner Sir Mark Rowley said he was "inspired by the strength" she had shown.

He said he believed "more lives would certainly have been lost" without the courage of the officers who were on duty.

"Officers never have a perfect picture of what awaits them at the next incident... I'm immensely proud of their professionalism and their bravery."

Sgt Ratana had joined the Met in 1991 and a year later he was just 300m from an IRA bomb that exploded outside 10 Downing Street.

He was an avid tennis player, winning the men's doubles title at the Police Athletic Association championships in 2000. He also led rugby teams in Worthing and was a coach at East Grinstead Rugby Club, where he has been remembered with a statue.

Sir Mark described the sergeant, who was months away from retirement age, as an outstanding officer who "treated everyone with respect, with compassion and with good humour".

"Whether it was on the streets or in the custody centre, as a uniformed police officer, on the rugby field or later as a coach, it's clear that he was someone who made an enduring impact wherever he went," he said.

A police image showing how the revolver was being carried by Louis De Zoysa

Louis De Zoysa had been carrying an antique Colt revolver under his left arm in a holster as he travelled across south London.

The arresting officers checked De Zoysa's bag, his waistband and frisked his legs, but missed the gun. They also did not have a metal detector with them in the police van.

Detectives believe the 25-year-old was able to move the gun from the holster to his hands as he travelled in the vehicle, despite them still being cuffed behind his back.

The court heard how De Zoysa has hypermobility, where a person's joints have an above-average range of motion

This ability allowed him to manoeuvre the gun from the holster to his hands and keep it hidden behind his back, the jury heard.

Following Sgt Ratana's murder, the police watchdog, the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC), has recommended that handheld search wands - metal detectors - should be introduced in all response vehicles and those used to transport those that have been detained.

The National Police Chiefs' Council (NPCC) is now exploring their implementation.

The Met said within weeks of the murder it had began a roll-out of hand-held search wands to all its police vehicles used to transport suspects.

Sgt Ratana's partner Su Bushby said he would never be forgotten

The IOPC's director of operations, Amanda Rowe, said she hoped the recommendation would "improve officer safety and help to prevent detained persons from being able to harm themselves or others in custody".

She added their investigation of the incident found that two officers could have conducted a more thorough body search of De Zoysa on the street, during which ammunition was found but not the firearm.

However, their actions were found to not be in breach of the police standards of professional behaviour.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Scottish Greens minister Lorna Slater has been accused of hypocrisy for using a private ferry for an official visit to an island.

The boat was hired to take a group of eight people, including Ms Slater, to Rum on Friday morning.

The Scottish government said it would ensure the best value for taxpayers and allow Ms Slater to "maximise time on the island".

But the Conservatives questioned why Ms Slater did not take a CalMac ferry.

And they predicted that the government's decision to hire a private boat would anger islanders struggling to access lifeline ferry services.

The circular economy minister was travelling with members of the Isle of Rum Community Trust, as well as NatureScot and Scottish government staff on a charter operated by Western Isle Cruises.

The minister's spokesperson said this would allow her to spend more time on the island and support a small local business.

The Scottish Conservatives described it as a "vessel of hypocrisy", saying that islanders have been concerned about the current provision of timetabled ferry services.

The ferry network faces continuing problems with reliability due to an ageing fleet, something which has long angered island communities.

Ms Slater was due to discuss the future of Kinloch Castle which was built in the 1890s as a hunting lodge

Donald Cameron, a Tory MSP for the Highlands and Islands, said the Greens were "forever lecturing the public on the need to use public transport" but Ms Slater was "happy for the Scottish government to charter a private boat to take her to and from Rum".

He added: "Her excuse for doing so - that, essentially, the CalMac timetable doesn't suit - will go down like a lead balloon with Scotland's island communities.

"Those who rely on lifeline ferry services don't have the luxury of hiring a private boat to travel.

"Instead, they are dependent on an ageing and unreliable CalMac fleet they've been lumbered with due to the scandalous incompetence of the government Lorna Slater is at the centre of."

He accused Ms Slater of "breath-taking" hypocrisy and lack of self-awareness, and added that the "tone-deaf indifference to them" was "another kick in the teeth to betrayed islanders".

A Scottish Labour spokesperson said: "This is stunning hypocrisy. While island communities are facing serious disruption to ferry services, Lorna Slater is chartering a private boat.

"The Greens are out of touch with working people and nothing more than the SNP's little helpers. Scotland deserves better."

Steve Robertson from the island's community trust described the row as "a storm in a teacup" but confirmed that the CalMac ferry service did not meet the island's needs.

He said: "Lorna Slater is coming over to do a very important meeting to try and move things forward for the community.

"It makes people feel disappointed that that's the story when for us a taxi charter boat is a normal part of island life. We have to use these to make the island anything like sustainable.

"She can take the ferry service if she wants to have the meeting on the ferry and fit in with the very narrow options to spend time on Rum."

Rum Community Trust's Steve Robertson said charter boats were needed to make the island sustainable

CalMac runs one return ferry service between Rum and Mallaig on three weekdays and at weekends during the summer season, costing £9.40 per passenger.

On Fridays the MV Lochnevis leaves Mallaig at 12:45, arriving at 14:10. That gives three hours and 10 minutes on the island before the return crossing departs at 17:20.

A longer day trip is possible on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays. On Saturdays the ferry timetable allows a stop on the island of seven hours and 25 minutes.

A Scottish government spokesperson said: "The minister is travelling to Rum early this morning to meet with islanders to discuss key issues including the future of Kinloch Castle.

"Eight people, including islanders, staff and the minister, are travelling on the boat for the meeting on Rum.

"In terms of ministerial travel costs, these are determined in accordance with the Scottish government's travel and subsistence policies, to ensure the best value for the Scottish taxpayer, and will be published in the normal way."

Kinloch Castle, a former Edwardian pleasure palace, is at risk of deteriorating as it is no longer being used as a hostel.

City financier and former Tory donor Jeremy Hosking had said he was interested in buying the castle, but blamed Ms Slater's intervention when he withdrew his bid.

A mountain rescuer has carried a 100kg (220lb) barbell on his shoulders up Ben Nevis to raise money for motor neurone disease (MND) research.

David Dooher, from Uddingston, spent six months training for the Guinness World Record attempt.

The challenge was in aid of My Name'5 Doddie Foundation, a charity set up by former Scotland rugby international Doddie Weir.

The 52-year-old died last year, six years after being diagnosed with MND.

Ben Nevis is Britain's highest mountain at 1,345m (4,413 ft). It took Mr Dooher 16 and a half hours to complete his walk.

Mr Dooher said: "It feels amazing to be finished - very sore and tiring - but amazing.

"I'd be lying if I said it wasn't tougher than expected, but this wasn't meant to be easy, and there was no greater motivator than who I'm doing this for: Doddie's memory and everyone affected by MND."

The 37-year-old completed several mountain climbs to prepare for the challenge.

He carried a 95kg (209lb) weight up Ben Vorlich and 75kg (165lb) up Ben Lomond.

Paul Thompson, director of fundraising at My Name'5 Doddie Foundation, said: "We are blown away by David's efforts. His training alone is unthinkable."
• None Doddie Weir was 'a hero and a force of nature'

General Secretary of the Royal College of Nurses Pat Cullen with nurses outside the High Court in London

A 48-hour strike by nurses in England over the Bank Holiday weekend will be cut short by a day after a High Court judge ruled it was partly unlawful.

The walkout in a row over pay by the Royal College of Nursing, due to start on Sunday, will now end on Monday.

RCN chief Pat Cullen said this was "the darkest day" of the dispute so far and the government needed to negotiate.

Downing Street said it was "regrettable" the government had to go to court and it had tried to avoid it.

The judge ruled the RCN's six-month mandate for strike action would have lapsed by Tuesday.

Health Secretary Steve Barclay took legal action after NHS Employers said the last day of the planned strike was not covered by the mandate as the ballots closed on 2 November at midday.

The judge Mr Justice Linden ordered the RCN to pay the costs of the hearing, saying the union had showed "a high degree of unreasonableness", the outcome was "inevitable" and "instead of grasping the nettle and conceding" it had forced the case to court.

After the hearing, the RCN's general secretary Ms Cullen said: "They [the government] have won their legal battle today. But what this has led to is they have lost nursing and they've lost the public.

"They've taken the most trusted profession through the courts, by the least trusted people."

She levelled her criticism at Mr Barclay and the government for clapping for nurses only to leave the NHS to "crumble" and said they should be negotiating with nurses rather than taking them to court.

She said it was with a "heavy heart" that strike action could continue in the lead-up to Christmas, adding: "If Steve Barclay continues to stay in the tunnel that he's in, we will end up with strike action for the next six months because nursing staff are not going to step back now."

Mr Barclay said: "I firmly support the right to take industrial action within the law - but the government could not stand by and let plainly unlawful strike action go ahead.

"Both the NHS and my team tried to resolve this without resorting to legal action."

The strike was called earlier this month after RCN members rejected a government offer for England of a 5% pay rise for 2023-24 and a one-off payment of at least £1,655 to top up last year's salary, depending on staff grade.

The union announced its members had rejected the offer by 54% to 46%.

The walkout will involve NHS nurses in emergency departments, intensive care, cancer wards and other wards.

Nurses have already walked out twice this year - on 6 and 7 February and on 18 and 19 January - but on those dates there were exemptions, so nursing cover was maintained in critical areas.

The government has said strike action with no national exemptions would put patients at risk.

The RCN has said it would ballot members for further strike action once its current mandate expires.

Other unions are also consulting members on the pay deal, which is being offered to all NHS staff, other than doctors and very senior managers.

Shortly after the High Court judgement the Chartered Society of Physiotherapy announced its members had accepted the deal by 65% to 35%.

The biggest health union, Unison, has also backed the deal, as has the midwives' union.

But the union representing radiographers has rejected along with the Royal College of Podiatry.

All the health unions will meet with ministers on Tuesday to reveal whether a majority of staff back the Agenda for Change pay deal.

It is expected that the GMB - one of the biggest unions involved - will announce on Friday that its membership has accepted the government's pay offer.

It would mean that when the GMB meets the other health unions to vote on the pay offer, a majority are almost certain to back it.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

A BBC presenter has been accused of paying a teenager for sexually explicit photographs, beginning when they were 17, according to The Sun.

The newspaper reported that the unnamed male presenter had paid the alleged victim tens of thousands of pounds.

It is understood that the BBC is looking into the allegations, and that the star is currently not scheduled to be on air in the coming days.

The Sun said the young person's family complained to the BBC on 19 May.

The family is reported to have become frustrated that the star remained on air and approached the newspaper, but said they wanted no payment for the story.

The mother told the paper that the anonymous individual, now aged 20, had used the money from the presenter to fund a crack cocaine habit.

She described to the paper how her child had gone from a "happy-go-lucky youngster to a ghost-like crack addict" in three years.

Following the reports, several high-profile BBC presenters have taken to social media to deny they are the presenter in question.

Broadcaster Rylan Clark tweeted on Saturday that he was not the presenter, saying "that ain't me babe" and adding that he is filming in Italy for a BBC programme.

Separately BBC Radio 2 presenter Jeremy Vine has also distanced himself from the Sun story, saying the allegations are not about him.

He tweeted: "Just to say I'm very much looking forward to hosting my radio show on Monday — whoever the 'BBC Presenter' in the news is, I have the same message for you as Rylan did earlier: it certainly ain't me."

Match of the Day presenter Gary Lineker did not mention the allegations specifically, but writing on Twitter later on Saturday evening he said: "Hate to disappoint the haters but it's not me."

Nicky Campbell tweeted that he has reported an anonymous Twitter account to the police over a post claiming he was the presenter.

"I think it's important to take a stand. There's just too many of these people on social media. Thanks for your support friends," he said.

The corporation said the information would be "acted upon appropriately".

A BBC spokesperson said: "We treat any allegations very seriously and we have processes in place to proactively deal with them.

"As part of that, if we receive information that requires further investigation or examination we will take steps to do this. That includes actively attempting to speak to those who have contacted us in order to seek further detail and understanding of the situation.

"If we get no reply to our attempts or receive no further contact that can limit our ability to progress things but it does not mean our enquiries stop.

"If, at any point, new information comes to light or is provided - including via newspapers - this will be acted upon appropriately, in line with internal processes."

BBC's culture editor Katie Razzall said many questions remain unanswered, including how the corporation has investigated the family's complaint and if it was appropriate for the presenter, who has not been named, to stay on air after a serious allegation was made.

The BBC's statement appears to suggest its initial investigation may have been hampered by a lack of response from the family, she said.

This allegation, if proven, would mean the career of a high-profile BBC presenter is likely to be over.

The Old Train House lay empty for 10 years before being renovated

The Old Train House in Edinburgh has been crowned Scotland's Home of the Year 2023.

It was one of six regional finalists in the popular BBC Scotland TV series.

This year's search showcased a variety of home styles including quirky conversions, grand designs, period renovations and bijou pads.

The Old Train House was empty for 10 years before Christina Blundell and husband Ben transformed it into a family home.

Inside, their eclectic tastes can be seen, as well as their desire to be sustainable with second-hand furnishing.

There are nods to the building's past including graffiti on the garden walls, giving it a unique style.

The judges described the winning house as a unique family home

The building was transformed from an abandoned train station into a "very real home"

Owner Christina said: "Winning was a genuine shock and we're bursting with pride.

"Ben and I entered with no expectations other than going along for the ride - we did not anticipate in any way that we'd be taking the trophy home that day, particularly when we got to see all the other fabulous finalists' homes."

The other finalists were:

The show's judges - interior designers Anna Campbell-Jones and Banjo Beale and architect and lecturer Michael Angus - described The Old Train House as a unique and welcoming family home.

Christina Blundell and husband Ben are congratulated by the show's judges

Anna Campbell Jones said: "The Old Train House expresses the ultimate in adaptation and reuse, themes that are so important these days - the whole building was upcycled, transformed from a sad ruined train station to a very real home.

"I loved the balance of respect for the history of the building, clever use of bargain vintage finds and appropriate materials both for the age of the building and for its function as warm, fun family home."

Banjo Beale said: "It's hard to pick one thing about Old Train House which made it unique because it had that elusive, hard to define and harder to create feeling of home."

Fellow judge Michael Angus added: "It was that indefinable thing, that lifted the Old Train up above the rest. Some curious blend of components, of building, fabric, place, time, that come together somehow, to imbue a home with a certain overall quality that is truly, home."

Officers were called to a house in Corwen, Denbighshire, on Friday

A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a woman and three children were injured.

Ryan Wyn Jones, 27, from Clawdd Poncen, Denbighshire, was remanded into custody.

A 33-year-old woman remains in a critical condition in hospital following the incident, which police were called to at 02:35 BST on Friday.

One child is being treated for serious injuries while two others have been discharged.

Mr Jones faces three charges of attempted murder and a further charge of possessing a knife.

He spoke only to confirm his name and personal details at the hearing in Mold. There was no application for bail.

He will next appear before Mold Crown Court on 9 June.

Sean Anderson fell to his death in 2014

Energy firm BP has been found guilty of breaching health and safety laws after a worker died when he fell from an offshore platform into the sea.

Sean Anderson, 43, fell through an open grating on the Unity installation, about 112 miles (180km) north-east of Aberdeen, on 4 September 2014.

Mr Anderson, from the Tyne and Wear area, fell about 72ft (22m) into the water.

The jury's verdict followed an eight-day trial at Aberdeen Sheriff Court.

BP said afterwards it was a "tragic" case.

Fiscal depute Kristina Kelly, prosecuting for the Crown, had said BP operated Unity at the time, and Mr Anderson worked for Cape which was carrying out work on the platform.

In agreed evidence, Ms Kelly said that at about 04:00 on the day in question the scaffolder, who was not wearing a lifejacket, fell through an open grate into the sea.

The alarm was raised and a fast-rescue craft found Mr Anderson face down in the water and he was taken aboard.

First aid was administered, but he had no pulse and was very cold.

Resuscitation efforts continued until paramedic assistance arrived by helicopter, but Mr Anderson was pronounced dead.

The cause of death was given as head and chest injuries as a result of his fall.

Unity was the platform where the fall happened

Sheriff Graham Buchanan told the jury in his closing address on Friday that the defence argued the existence of a hard barrier around the open grating, in the form of scaffolding, ensured there was no risk as far as was reasonably practicable.

However Sheriff Buchanan said the Crown position was the open grating did pose a risk, demonstrated by the fact Mr Anderson fell through it to his death, and that other safety measures could have been adopted.

BP Exploration was found guilty, by a majority, of failing to have in place suitable and sufficient control measures in respect of open gratings on the lower deck, contrary to the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974.

BP said in a statement after the case: "We acknowledge the outcome of the court proceedings.

"This was a tragic incident. While we know nothing can be said to change the pain felt by Sean Anderson's family and friends, our deepest condolences remain firmly with them to this day."

Cape had said at the time: "Sean was a popular, hard-working and experienced employee. His co-workers are obviously shaken and saddened."

Airports and airlines have told the BBC they are confident they have enough staff to avoid a repeat of last year's disruption in the Easter holidays.

Some struggled with staff shortages last year as passengers returned, leading to delays and cancellations.

Wages have risen, as businesses try to attract and keep new recruits.

Airline bosses have warned strikes in France are likely to cause issues, but still expect passenger numbers to return to pre-Covid levels of 2019.

EasyJet's chief operating officer, David Morgan, said: "When they close an airport because of strikes you are going to see disruption. But the vast majority of flights, even during a disrupted period, will run smoothly".

EasyJet started recruitment six months early, while Manchester Airport said it already had enough security staff for the summer peak.

Passenger numbers swiftly returned after Covid restrictions were lifted in March 2022. But many holidaymakers encountered huge disruption, as some aviation businesses could not scale up or reverse pandemic job cuts quickly enough to cope.

For people to get away on flights smoothly, various businesses need to work together with the right resources in place.

Last spring, Manchester Airport faced particular criticism for long queues caused by shortages of security staff. By the summer, its managing director Chris Woodroofe could only promise a "reasonable" experience.

This time he promises a "great" experience, adding: "I can absolutely reassure passengers they won't see the [security] queues they saw in summer 2022. We're aiming to deliver at least 95% of our passengers in fifteen minutes".

He said the airport had 350 more security officers than the same time last year, and there would be enough staff in place this April to cope with the busiest day in August.

A new 100 person-strong 'resilience team' has been set up, trained to help in any area where pressure builds up.

Staff shortages led to long queues at airports last Easter

Last year, shortages of ground handlers also proved a particular challenge. These teams do tasks like unloading baggage and helping to prepare the plane for departure.

It is the responsibility of airlines, many of whom contract out the services to specialist providers. Swissport is the world's biggest, operating at 292 airports including Manchester.

Karen Cox, Swissport UK & Ireland managing director, said returning to peak levels of operations in 2022 had been a "massive challenge".

To prepare better this time, she said Swissport had kept on 5,000 workers over the winter and recruited 1,500 more.

Ms Cox described an "absolute war for labour", caused by Covid and Brexit reducing the pool of available workers. But she said: "I sit here now at end of March ready for summer."

As well as recruiting early, she said Swissport had done a number of things to recruit and retain workers.

"We did the single biggest pay deal in our history, and we've given all of our people advance roster notification so they can actually plan their lives," she said.

Backlogs in security clearance for new workers were also an issue last year, but Swissport says this is not a problem now.

Airlines too are optimistic. EasyJet was just one carrier to make large numbers of cancellations last year. The carrier and British Airways offered bonuses as airlines battled to recruit and retain staff.

EasyJet's David Morgan said the airline started hiring for this summer as early as July last year.

"We would not normally start recruiting until January, something like that," he said. "So we wanted to get ahead of the game to make sure that if there were challenges getting people through, we had plenty of time to do that."

He added: "I can say confidently that we are fully staffed for this summer. We have a good resilient number of crew in the system even to cope with the bumps if stuff that's thrown at us."

Mr Morgan acknowledged wages have gone up across the industry, and these costs and higher fuel prices are being reflected in fares.

But he insisted this was not hitting bookings. "We are seeing people prioritise travel. Easter is booking really well and we're seeing good signs for the summer as well."

The communication director of travel firm TUI, Aage Duenhaupt, said: "You can never come to the point where you can give a guarantee for everything. But what we can prepare, that's what we're doing."

Mr Duenhaupt said ground handling partners had given assurances they now had the right resources in place, and the airline had made extra planes available.

Elsewhere, security staff at London Heathrow's Terminal 5 are due to begin a 10-day strike on 31 March, which has already caused British Airways to remove flights from its schedules and could mean queues for security.

In a cost of living crisis, are people still keen to travel? Richard Slater of Henbury Travel in Macclesfield thinks so.

He said many customers - who include those looking for package holidays and cruises - are booking late. But his agency had "seen incredible demand, back to 2019 in fact probably higher".

"We're certainly seeing some people having to cut their cloth a little bit and potentially shorten their holiday, whereas others have been saving up through the pandemic," he added.

A beach resort bristling with fortifications. A major road lined with anti-tank ditches. Satellite analysis by BBC Verify has uncovered some of the extensive defences built by Russia as it prepares for a major Ukrainian counter-attack.

After months of stalemate, the expected assault is likely to be a crucial test for Ukraine as it seeks to prove it can achieve significant battlefield gains with the weapons it has received from the West.

By examining hundreds of satellite images, the BBC has identified some key points in the significant build-up of trenches and other fortifications in southern Ukraine since October.

These four locations offer an insight into what Russia expects from the counter-offensive, and what defences Ukrainian forces might encounter.

Seized by Russia in 2014, Crimea was formerly known for its beach resorts.

Now, instead of sun loungers and parasols, the coastline stretching for 15 miles (25km) is littered with defence structures installed by Russian troops.

The image below shows the only open sandy beach on the west coast without natural defences such as cliffs or hills.

Firstly, there are "dragon's teeth" along the shore: pyramid-shaped blocks of concrete, designed to block the path of tanks and other military vehicles.

Behind them is a line of trenches, providing cover from incoming attacks. Several bunkers can also be spotted along the trenches.

Stacks of wood, digging machines and stores of dragon's teeth along the coast suggest building work was still in progress when the image was taken in March.

Some military experts suggest the defences are likely to be a precaution, rather than a sign that Russia expects to defend a seaborne assault, since Ukraine has little naval capacity.

Intelligence analyst Layla Guest says: "The fortifications are likely in place to deter any bold Ukrainian operation to attack Crimea via the sea rather than on land."

The beach fortification is just one example of a vast network of trenches, as shown by the black dots in the map below, based on work by open-source analyst Brady Africk.

BBC Verify has been able to identify other key fortification sites by pinpointing individual trench locations from videos on social media.

Once an exact location was discovered it was then possible to trace an entire trench network using satellite images.

The small city of Tokmak lies on a key route in the south-east of the country that Ukrainian forces may want to use to cut off Crimea from other Russian-held territories.

There have been reports that Ukrainian civilians have been moved out in order to turn the city into a military fortress. This would provide soldiers with access to supplies and a base to retreat to.

The satellite image above shows that a network of trenches in two lines has been dug north of Tokmak - the direction Ukraine would have to attack from.

Behind these trenches is a further ring of fortifications around the city, with three layers of defences that can be seen distinctly in this close-up satellite image.

The top of the satellite image shows an anti-tank ditch. These are usually at least 2.5m deep and designed to trap any enemy tanks that attempt to cross.

Behind the ditch are several rows of dragon's teeth and another trench network.

But Ukrainian forces are likely to face further traps.

It's highly likely that mines have also been hidden between Tokmak's three defence lines, says Mark Cancian from the Center for Strategic and International Studies.

"Minefields are a standard part of every defence, and the Russians have used them extensively throughout the war.

"Here they will be large and better concealed, slowing down Ukrainian attacks so that other combat elements, like artillery and infantry, can strike the attacking forces."

BBC Verify has also discovered three other towns near Tokmak have been similarly fortified.

A line of anti-tank ditches and trenches now runs alongside a 22-mile (35km) stretch of the E105 main highway, west of Tokmak.

The E105 is strategically important, connecting Russian-held Melitopol in the south with the northern city of Kharkiv, held by Ukraine. The road also runs through the Zaporizhzhia region, which could be the target of a Ukrainian counter-offensive.

The side that controls the E105 can easily move troops around the region.

If Ukrainian forces attempt to use this road, Russia will likely target it with heavy artillery from behind their defences. Russia's position is also in range of another nearby road - the T401 - which could also be targeted.

"The Russians are worried about the recently built Ukrainian armour units. If these units can get on a main highway, they can move very quickly," says Mr Cancian.

"The Russian defences aim to push them off the roads and therefore slow them down."

The port of Mariupol has a strategic position between the Russian-occupied territories in the east and Crimea in the south. It also became a symbol of resistance to invasion when a hard-core of fighters held out for months as the city was besieged.

Given Russia expects Ukraine to try to retake it, BBC Verify decided to look at the territory surrounding the city - leading to the discovery of a collection of circular trenches.

Located near the small village of Rivnopil about 34 miles (55km) north of Mariupol, each circular trench has a mound of soil in the middle, possibly either to protect artillery or to keep guns stable.

Meanwhile, the circular trenches allow soldiers to take cover and to move the artillery so it can aim in any direction.

It shows that Russia is preparing to defend areas of open ground (without natural protection from hills and rivers) alongside their wider trench network.

But some analysts note that Ukrainian forces can use similar satellite images and drone surveillance to identify and bypass many of these defences.

Alexander Lord from strategic advisory firm Sibylline Ltd says: "The Russians will therefore likely attempt to funnel Ukrainian forces down certain routes which are heavily mined and pre-targeted by Russian artillery."

Satellite images show obvious defences - but that might all be part of Russia's plan.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Read more about BBC Verify: Explaining the 'how' - the launch of BBC Verify

The speeding groom was pulled over on the M4 in Wiltshire

A groom heading to his wedding was pulled over by traffic police who caught him speeding at 121mph on a motorway.

Wiltshire Police Special Ops tweeted "usually, the bride is always late" but the wedding-bound driver had "some explaining to do" after being pulled over on the M4 in his silver BMW.

"A rear nearside tyre with cord exposed topped this stop off," the force added.

The speeding groom will appear in court at a date to be confirmed.

Wiltshire Police confirmed that members of the wedding party later collected the groom to take him to his ceremony.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Wilts Specialist Ops This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Follow BBC West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: bristol@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Head teacher Ruth Perry took her own life in January

The school run by a head teacher who took her own life after a critical Ofsted report has been rated as good after a new inspection.

Ruth Perry died in January after being told Caversham Primary School in Berkshire was being downgraded from outstanding to inadequate.

The school was re-inspected after Ms Perry's death, which prompted an outpouring of anger about the system.

Ofsted has defended its one-word grades, which are not being scrapped.

The head teacher's sister Prof Julia Waters said it was a "very bittersweet moment", but confirmed "what anyone who knew Ruth and the school knew all along".

She said one-word grades do not give an accurate reflection of the strengths and weaknesses "of a complex organisation like a school".

Her sister's case showed how it is "terribly, potentially fatally dangerous to try to sum up everything in one word", she told BBC Radio 4's The World Tonight programme.

Her loss has been "absolutely devastating to so many people" she said, adding: "The ripple effect of her death is immeasurable. The harm done by that one word is absolutely immeasurable".

Ofsted inspected the school again in June in line with government guidelines to monitor schools that need to improve - and not as a result of Ms Perry's death.

In their latest report, seen by the BBC, the watchdog said: "The school's work to address previous weaknesses has been swift, thorough and effective."

The primary school was initially inspected in November 2022 and subsequently rated inadequate after concerns were raised over leadership and management.

Ms Perry's family said the inspection process caused her significant distress.

For Caversham Primary school this is a bittersweet moment for staff and parents.

It's just six months since Ruth Perry's suicide left a gaping hole in the school community.

For her colleagues this is recognition of everything they have done.

For her family it raises again the question of whether the stakes of Ofsted inspection have been far too high for headteachers.

MPs are to hold an inquiry in the autumn looking at how the inspection system is working. It won't consider the circumstances around Ruth Perry's death, which will be examined by a coroner.

The new report said useful advice was sought from beyond the school straight after the last inspection.

"In particular, this helped leaders to understand fully the extent of the weaknesses in safeguarding arrangements and prioritise what needed to be done," the report said.

In a statement, the head teacher's sister Ms Waters said staff at the school who had worked with or been trained by Ms Perry had never been anything other than "excellent, caring and professional".

She added: "The reversal of the previous judgement in a matter of a few months illustrates why schools should be given the opportunity to correct any technical weaknesses before the final report is published.

"An inspection should be about helping schools with independent scrutiny, not catching them out and publicly shaming them."

"That Ruth was left feeling suicidal as a result of Ofsted's previous judgement demonstrates, in the most tragic way possible, the intolerably high stakes created by the current inspection system," she added.

An inquest later this year will fully investigate Ms Perry's death, which also prompted a wider debate about whether one-word grades for schools make sense.

In their latest report Ofsted said the arrangements for safeguarding at Caversham Primary School were effective.

"A positive culture of safeguarding now pervades the school," it added.

Last month, Ofsted announced changes to its inspection system.

These included allowing schools that were given an inadequate rating over safeguarding to be re-inspected within three months, giving them a chance to be re-graded if they have addressed concerns.

Ofsted previously said it always strived to make inspections "as positive an experience for school staff as they can be".

MPs have now launched an inquiry into Ofsted's school inspections, looking at how useful they are to parents, governors and schools in England.

Amanda Spielman, the watchdog's chief inspector, previously told the BBC the "whole school accountability system" was built around the one-word judgements.

She acknowledged there were issues around accountability at schools but said scrapping one-word judgements "wouldn't really solve the underlying discomfort".

The Department for Education has also defended one-word inspections.

It said they "succinctly summarise independent evaluations on the quality of education, safeguarding, and leadership which parents greatly rely on to give them confidence in choosing the right school for their child".

It said the government used them to "highlight success, identify schools that need support and to trigger intervention where necessary."

Watch the story of head teacher, Ruth Perry, who took her life after her school's rating was downgraded by Ofsted.

Follow BBC South on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to south.newsonline@bbc.co.uk.

Sheeran says the trauma he experienced at the start of 2022 left him at his lowest ebb

Ed Sheeran says he "didn't want to live any more" after the deaths of his friends SBTV founder Jamal Edwards and cricketer Shane Warne in 2022.

Speaking to Rolling Stone magazine, the star said he had dealt with depression "throughout my life" and felt the feelings resurface last year.

"You're under the waves drowning. You're just sort of in this thing. And you can't get out of it."

He worried his thoughts were "selfish", given that he is a parent to two girls.

"Especially as a father, I feel really embarrassed about it," the 32-year-old said.

Sheeran credited his wife, Cherry Seaborn, with encouraging him to seek help.

"No one really talks about their feelings where I come from," he said. "People think it's weird getting a therapist in England.… I think it's very helpful to be able to speak with someone and just vent and not feel guilty about venting.

"Obviously, like, I've lived a very privileged life. So my friends would always look at me like, 'Oh, it's not that bad.'

"The help isn't a button that is pressed, where you're automatically OK," he continued. "It is something that will always be there and just has to be managed."

Jamal Edwards gave Ed Sheeran his first big break in 2010

Edwards, who gave Sheeran his first big break, died suddenly from a heart attack in February 2022 after taking cocaine and drinking alcohol, a coroner concluded.

Sheeran said the tragedy convinced him to kick a drug habit he had developed in his 20s.

"I remember just being at a festival and being like, 'Well, if all of my friends do it, it can't be that bad,'" he said. "And then it just turns into a habit that you do once a week and then once a day and then, like, twice a day and then, like, without booze. It just became bad vibes.

"I would never, ever, ever touch anything again, because that's how Jamal died," he added. "And that's just disrespectful to his memory to even, like, go near."

Shortly after Edwards' death, Sheeran's wife was diagnosed with a tumour which could not be operated on until after she had given birth to their second daughter, Jupiter.

"You feel so powerless," Sheeran recalled. "There's nothing you can do about it."

Seaborn ultimately carried the baby to term and had successful surgery in June 2022, the morning that Sheeran headlined Wembley Stadium, Rolling Stone said.

The emotional toll of those events can be seen in a trailer for Sheeran's forthcoming Disney+ documentary, The Sum Of It All.

In one scene, the star is pictured crying on stage, as he grapples with Edwards' death and Seaborn's health condition, while simultaneously facing a lengthy copyright trial.

"I've never seen him cry on stage," Seaborn observes in the clip. "He hasn't had the time to process and be at peace with his thoughts."

This YouTube post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original video on YouTube The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. YouTube content may contain adverts. Skip youtube video by Disney Plus This article contains content provided by Google YouTube. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Google’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. YouTube content may contain adverts. End of youtube video by Disney Plus

Sheeran has previously revealed that his new album, Subtract, was completely re-written against the "backdrop of grief and hope" he experienced last year.

Originally intended to be a collection of acoustic songs recorded over a 10-year period, he scrapped the project and started again, using songwriting to "make sense" of his feelings.

He made the record with The National's Aaron Dessner, who previously co-produced Taylor Swift's lockdown albums Folklore and Evermore.

Dessner told Rolling Stone he'd encouraged the star to show "a more vulnerable" and "elemental" side to his music.

As he had done with Swift, the musician started sending Sheeran instrumental tracks to craft into finished songs.

"I had these instrumentals, and I would write to them in the backs of cars or planes or whatever," Sheeran said.

"And then it got done. And that was the record. It was all very, very, very fast."

The star added that he recorded a second, entirely separate, album with Dessner which has no firm release date at present.

He also revealed the existence of a collaborative album with reggaeton star J Balvin, as well as forthcoming music with Pharrell, Shakira, David Guetta and Justin Bieber.

In fact, he told Rolling Stone he has five more albums in mind using another category of symbols.

He plans to work on the last one in that series on and off for the rest of his life, "adding songs here and there. And just have it in my will that after I die, it comes out".

Across Wales, communities are mobilising to object to windfarm developments in their areas

Communities opposed to wind turbines in their local area do not have an "acceptable moral position" according to a climate change expert.

Dozens of large-scale wind farm applications are being considered as Wales tries to reach net zero.

Campaigners say the ambition is putting the Welsh countryside at risk and south Wales already has several wind farms.

Lord Deben, the UK Climate Change Committee chairman, said the onus was on everyone to help reach the target.

"We can't all the time say we're in favour of things but somewhere else," he said.

Across Wales communities are mobilising to object to wind farm and pylon developments in their areas.

From Conwy to Carmarthenshire, across mid Wales and the south Wales valleys, hundreds of campaigners are sharing information and ideas about how to fight what they call "colossal" turbines.

In Cwmafan, Neath Port Talbot, Rhodri Williams and Andrew Thomas said in lockdown the hills above their town were a sanctuary, but that peace is at risk from a proposed plan to build 21 turbines which will be visible from their homes.

"At over 200m (656ft) we're talking around the size of the Eiffel Tower," said Mr Thomas.

Rhodri Williams and Andrew Thomas say the "Eiffel Tower-sized" turbines will have a huge impact on the area

"That's absolutely colossal. If you stand at the foot of the Eiffel Tower and look up and then you imagine that on top of a mountain range that is already 350m (1,148ft) above sea level. "

Mr Williams is concerned about the impact on people's health and the environment and says he would rather they were offshore.

"We don't need these, there are plenty of alternatives. It causes a lot of grief and stress for those who live near them and we should be looking at alternatives like hydro, we should be looking at floating offshore wind, and the tidal lagoon in Swansea," he said.

"There are over 200 wind turbines in south Wales already, we're doing our fair share."

But according to the chairman of the UK's independent Climate Change Committee, Lord Deben, it is not "proper" to say other places should shoulder the burden for tackling climate change.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Residents fear the 250m high turbines would pose risks to wildlife, property values and wellbeing

"I think every community has to say to itself, 'if we don't have this what are we going to have?'

"We can't all the time say we're in favour of things but somewhere else. That isn't an acceptable moral position," said Lord Deben.

He added that people could not expect others to carry the cost of net zero without doing something themselves.

The Welsh government's Future Wales plan has identified 10 areas as suitable for onshore wind developments - two in north Wales, two in south Wales and six in mid and west Wales.

Applications for wind farms will not be automatically approved for these areas, according to the policy, but there is a presumption large-scale wind energy developments will secure planning consent.

Developer Bute Energy has submitted plans for four wind farms - one in Conwy county, two in Powys and one on the border between Caerphilly and Rhondda Cynon Taf council areas.

Aled Rowlands from Bute Energy says the firm is listening to the concerns of local people

It hopes to connect the projects in Powys to the grid using a network of pylons stretching to Carmarthen as current grid capacity in mid Wales is insufficient to meet future demand, according to a report by a group of Welsh MPs.

The projects have proved controversial with concerns being raised about their size and proximity to people's homes.

Aled Rowlands, the company's director of external affairs, said the firm was listening to the concerns of local people.

The majority of people support and understand the need for a transition to renewable energy, he said, but that transition will inevitably mean more infrastructure like pylons to improve the current grid capacity.

"It's very important that society now says what it wants and what is acceptable in order for us to be able to get to net zero, to be able to use clean, green energy," said Mr Rowlands.

According to the Campaign for the Protection of Rural Wales (CPRW), there is a "gold rush" for net zero, and the number of "unsuitable applications" for turbines over 200m (656ft) high and pylons across rural Wales is causing concern in many communities.

Dr Jonathan Dean from CPRW's Anglesey branch said the number of recent applications and the alarm they were causing in those areas is unprecedented.

"I've lost count of the number of projects, it's like a gold rush. I've got big concerns [over whether] that it is a good policy, that it is a fair policy.

"I'm concerned for communities who are battling against them [like] David and Goliath," he said.

The charity favours using offshore wind to reach, and exceed our net zero goals, but one expert in renewable energy warns against putting our eggs in one basket.

Professor of renewable energy in the school of engineering at Cardiff University, Nicholas Jenkins, said that to decarbonise the whole of the UK economy by 2050 and the electricity supply by 2035, all of the options need to be available.

Wales wants to reach net zero by 2050 and wants to meet 100% of its electricity needs from renewables in 12 years' time.

Prof Jenkins warned that focusing on offshore wind and small modular nuclear reactors, at the expense of onshore wind, is a "risky strategy".

"I think it's really questionable whether the required amount of generating capacity can be delivered in time," he said.

A Welsh government spokesperson said: "We need a range of technologies, at different scales, to meet our future electricity needs as we move towards a net zero energy system. Wind and solar are cost-effective options to generate electricity and have a clear role to play.

"We want to ensure local communities and people in Wales directly benefit from energy generated in Wales. We are taking action to support local and shared ownership and developing strong, local supply chains."

Tvorchi held up a sign displaying the name of their hometown while participating in the Eurovision Song Contest

The hometown of Ukraine's Eurovision act was hit by Russian missiles moments before the band took to the stage in Liverpool, officials say.

The head of Ternopil regional state administration, Volodymyr Trush, confirmed two people had been injured.

Ukraine's foreign ministry accused Russia of attacking Kyiv and Ternopil regions before and during Tvorchi's Eurovision performance.

Ten minutes before taking to the stage at the Liverpool Arena, Tvorchi posted on Instagram citing reports of Ternopil in western Ukraine being attacked.

After performing, they added: "Ternopil is the name of our hometown, which was bombed by Russia while we sang on the Eurovision stage about our steel hearts, indomitability and will.

"This is a message for all cities of Ukraine that are shelled every day. Kharkiv, Dnipro, Khmelnytsky, Kyiv, Zaporizhzhia, Uman, Sumy, Poltava, Vinnytsia, Odesa, Mykolaiv, Chernihiv, Kherson and all others.

"Europe, unite against evil for the sake of peace!"

Tvorchi posted on Instagram saying Russia was bombing their native city of Ternopil

Tvorchi, made up of producer Andrii Hutsuliak and Nigeria-born vocalist Jeffery Kenny, hoped to defend the Eurovision title after Kalush Orchestra won last year in Turin.

They performed "Heart of Steel" - a song about troops who led an ultimately unsuccessful resistance against Russian forces at the Azovstal plant in Mariupol.

Liverpool is hosting the contest on behalf of Ukraine due to the ongoing conflict.

At the end of their performance, Tvorchi held their fists in the air as acts from other nations were also seen waving the blue and yellow flag of Ukraine.

Tvorchi are made up of producer Andrii Hutsuliak and Nigeria-raised vocalist Jeffery Kenny

The UK's ambassador to Ukraine Dame Melinda Simmons described Tvorchi's Eurovision performance as "poignant".

Writing on Twitter, she added: "Reminder that the reason why Ukraine could not host this event is because Russia continues to invade and the people of Ukraine live in continuing danger."

Though Swedish act Loreen took the Eurovision crown after a nail-biting finish, there was praise for Tvorchi from Ternopil's mayor who thanked the band for supporting the city during their performance.

Posting on Facebook in Ukrainian, Mayor Nadal wrote: "It was at this time that our city was attacked by Russian missiles.

"Thank you, because your speech has become a symbol of not only the unity of the country, but of the whole world."

He told the BBC the fire at the warehouse in Ternopil had been brought under control.

"Firefighters worked all night and continue to work," he said, adding that the two people who were wounded suffered minor injuries and were in hospital.

Russia has not yet made any official comment.

Earlier in the day, President Volodymyr Zelensky visited Pope Francis at the Vatican and Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni in Rome.

He has since flown to Germany, arriving in Berlin just before 01:00 local time.

Bilal and Imran Uzbakzai, by their mother's grave. They cannot remember her now. Image: Julian Busch/BBC

When British special forces raided a family home in Afghanistan in 2012, they killed two young parents and gravely wounded their infant sons. A BBC investigation has revealed that special forces command didn't refer the incident to military police and it was never investigated, until now. In Afghanistan, a family is still trying to heal.

Late on the evening of 6 August 2012, in the courtyard of a family home in Afghanistan, Abdul Aziz Uzbakzai sat down for the last dinner he would ever have with his son. At the table were Abdul Aziz and his wife, four of their five children, and two of their young grandchildren. It was the 18th night of Ramadan, the holy month when Muslims fast. The family lived together in a modest home in a village called Shesh Aba in Nimruz province.

That day had begun like any other - a shared pre-dawn breakfast, before sunrise brought the fasting hours and family members went to work. Abdul Aziz's eldest son, Hussain, opened the small grocery shop he ran. Hussain's wife Ruqqia cared for their two young boys and began her work in the home. A goat was slaughtered by a neighbour in anticipation of evening meals that would break the day's fast.

The only thing out of the ordinary, according to the family's account, was the arrival of two unknown male visitors. In rural Afghanistan, it is not uncommon to receive unexpected guests, and tradition dictates that they are shown hospitality. But Abdul Aziz felt himself becoming wary of the two men, he said, and he called Hussain to close the shop early and come home.

After sunset, the two guests were given food and ate separately and they left without incident at 10pm, Abdul Aziz said. It was a hot summer night in Shesh Aba, so the family ate outside. At the end of the meal, Abdul Aziz stood up and said he was tired and would go to bed. He said "Goodnight Hussain Jan" - a term of loving affection - to his son, "Goodnight daughter" to Ruqqia, and "Goodnight boys" to the boys.

Abdul Aziz at the family home in Shesh Aba. Image: Julian Busch/BBC

The boys were young then - Imran three and his brother Bilal just one and a half. They do not remember anything now about what would unfold later that night, and the family has tried to shield them in the decade since from the worst of the horror. They know that before bedtime, their father had pulled their mattresses out into the courtyard, because the heat had made their shared room stifling, and that they had fallen asleep with their parents, for the last time, under the stars.

By that point, in 2012, coalition forces had been waging war in Afghanistan for a little over a decade. Elite special forces units from leading coalition countries were regularly carrying out so-called "Deliberate Detention Operations", also known as "Kill/Capture missions". Troops typically flew in by helicopter after dark and launched fast-moving assaults against suspected Taliban targets. For the UK, these night-time raids were usually executed by the SAS or SBS, the highly-respected special forces units of the British Army and Royal Navy.

But unknown to the British public at that time, SAS operatives were already suspected at the highest levels of UK Special Forces of illegally killing Afghan men who had surrendered and been detained, and later covering up the killings with fabricated reports. A BBC Panorama investigation published earlier this year revealed that one SAS squadron killed 54 people in suspicious circumstances in one six-month tour. The pattern led one of the highest-ranking special forces officers in the UK to warn in a secret memo to the head of special forces that there could be a "deliberate policy" in effect to kill detainees, "even when they did not pose a threat".

One of these "Kill/Capture" raids was about to be executed on Abdul Aziz's family home. At about 3am, British military helicopters descended through the dark sky over Nimruz and landed outside the village. Special forces operatives dropped to the ground and moved towards where the family were sleeping. Abdul Aziz was woken by the first gunshots, and within minutes foreign soldiers were in his room, he said, pushing him on the ground, handcuffing and blindfolding him.

"I pleaded with them to let me go to where my son and daughter-in-law and their children were sleeping," Abdul Aziz said. "I could hear my two daughters screaming and pleading for help. No one was helping them. I could not do anything for my children."

The family lives in a small village made up of traditional mud homes, in Nimruz province. Image: Julian Busch/BBC

Chaos had descended on the rural family home. According to his account, Abdul Aziz was blindfolded, beaten and interrogated. The foreign soldiers asked him about the visitors who came to the house earlier that day, he said. He would be kept inside, blindfolded, for the duration of the raid.

The special forces operatives had also gone to the house next door, where a widower called Lal Mohammad lived with his six sons and three daughters. One of his sons, Mohammad Mohammad, who was 12 at the time, told the BBC that he and his brothers were brought outside and detained by the assault team. He was blindfolded and - possibly because of his young age - taken separately to Hussain's home and held there for the rest of the raid.

It was only after the troops left the village, hours later, that Abdul Aziz was able to take off his blindfold and go out into the morning light to the place where Hussain and Ruqqia and the boys had been sleeping. "There was blood everywhere", he said, "blood soaked into the sheets and the mattresses." According to members of both families who saw Hussain and Ruqqia's bodies, both had been shot in the head. Imran and Bilal's bloody bedclothes lay there, but the boys were gone.

Mohammad Mohammad ran back next door to his family home, where he had last seen his older brothers detained by the soldiers. He found Mohammad Wali, who was 26, and Mohammad Juma, who was 28, inside the home, dead with gunshot wounds to the head, he said. Other family members said that the two were shot at close range in the head, and an image of Mohammad Wali's body seen by the BBC appears to show a head wound.

Mohammad Mohammad's account appears to mirror the pattern of killings that had already raised suspicions among senior special forces officers.

"I swear to God, my brothers were farmers," he said. "They worked from dawn until night. They were neither with the Taliban nor with the government. They were killed for no reason."

According to the accounts of Abdul Aziz and other family members who saw Hussain and Ruqqia's bodies, their eyes were closed and their jaws had been bound shut with cloth tied under the jaw and around the head, maybe to allow the assault team to accurately photograph their faces - a standard procedure after a fatal shooting.

The young parents appeared to have been killed in their bed, the family said. It was not clear if they had woken up before they died. At first, the family assumed Imran and Bilal were dead too. But the boys had been airlifted out with the special forces, one-year-old Bilal with bullet wounds to his face and shoulder, three-year-old Imran with a gunshot wound in his abdomen, fighting for his young life.

In the aftermath of the raid, a British military commander had a decision to make. Under UK law, commanders are obliged to inform military police if there is any possibility that a Schedule 2 offence has been committed by a person under their command. Schedule 2 offences are serious offences like unlawful killing and grievous bodily harm. The guidance for commanding officers says that the circumstances must only "indicate to a reasonable person that a Schedule 2 offence may have been committed" in order to legally oblige them to refer the incident to the military police. It is considered a low bar.

In Shesh Aba, a woman was among the dead and two infant boys had been shot. An Afghan newswire report published the day of the raid quoted the local governor as saying that the foreign forces had "killed and wounded six civilians", including "two children". A former investigator from the Royal Military Police told the BBC that, based on the available information, there was "no question in my mind that this incident should have been referred to military police".

But the BBC has discovered that the raid was never referred to military police and never investigated by anyone outside of UK Special Forces. The Royal Military Police (RMP) told us that they did not appear to have been informed of the Shesh Aba raid at the time, and are now reviewing the incident "as a direct result" of our inquiries.

When asked by the BBC, the Ministry of Defence confirmed that British forces were involved in the raid and that a Serious Incident Review, or SIR (an internal review undertaken automatically after an operation goes wrong in a serious way) had been carried out, but that the commanding officer had decided against referring the incident to military police.

The MoD said: "There is a comprehensive MOD policy in place for actions to be taken in the event of possible civilian casualties.

"Following a review by senior Army lawyers, it was decided by the Commanding Officer, in accordance with the Armed Forces Act 2006 and MoD policy, that the circumstances did not require a referral to the Service Police."

General Sir Mark Carleton-Smith was head of UK Special Forces at the time of the Shesh Aba raid in 2012.

The BBC asked both the MoD and RMP to reveal the rank of the commanding officer who made the decision, but both declined to say. The BBC has obtained a secret internal special forces document laying out the protocol for deciding on referrals to the military police. It appears to show that once an SIR has been completed, it has to go to the Director Special Forces - the highest-ranking special forces officer in the UK - for a decision on whether to refer the incident.

Director Special Forces at the time of the Shesh Aba raid was General Sir Mark Carleton-Smith, who went on to become the head of the British Army, before stepping down earlier this year. Asked by the BBC about the Shesha Aba raid, General Carleton-Smith said he could not recall whether he was briefed on the "specific tactical detail of the operation", but that he was in no doubt he would have been "guided by the advice of the in-theatre commanders", as well as the legal judgement of a senior Army lawyer that no referral to military police was necessary.

He said the recommendation to him at the time from the commanding officer in Afghanistan was that there was no evidence of a criminal offence, that the Rules of Engagement hadn't been broken, and that "the circumstances of the operation justified the lethal use of force". He added: "And I certainly never saw or read any evidence or advice that suggested unlawful behaviour".

General Carleton-Smith told the BBC it remains his view that "the Rules of Engagement were correctly observed despite the occasionally tragic outcomes that are sadly inevitable during war".

The Rules of Engagement that applied to this raid dictated that lethal force could only have been used against someone who posed an imminent threat to life. There has been no suggestion from the Ministry of Defence that any weapons were found at Hussain and Ruqqia's home or that they were armed when they were shot.

Imran and Bilal play marbles in the courtyard, a few feet from a mulberry tree planted in the spot where their parents were killed. Image: Julian Busch/BBC

SIR reports were intended in part to help commanding officers make a decision about whether a referral to military police was necessary. But a former senior RMP officer who served at the time of the raid in Shesh Aba, who spoke to the BBC on condition of anonymity, said there were "serious problems" across the Armed Forces with the use of the reports.

"Instead of getting to the bottom of what happened and correcting any criminal behaviour, SIRs became a way of cleansing an incident of any wrongdoing," he said. "Some senior officers were using SIRs as a tool to prevent scrutiny. It seemed they were deciding on non-referral and then writing the SIR to justify the decision."

The problem was "widespread", the senior officer said, but UK Special Forces was "notable in its lack of referrals". The BBC has identified at least three other occasions when an SIR was completed by UK Special Forces but not referred to the RMP. "In Special Forces, it's easier to keep it 'in house'," the former senior officer said. "There's a lot less oversight."

A former RMP investigator who spoke to the BBC said he was "not surprised" that the Shesha Aba raid was not referred. "I'm afraid, given my experience of these kinds of cases, I'm not surprised that the commanding officer decided not to inform the police," he said. "But it's clear it should have been looked into."

A spokesperson for the RMP said that its current review, prompted by the BBC's inquiries, "should in no way be taken as implying that the incident was unlawful or that the British Armed Forces had improperly failed to make the Service Police aware, although these are factors that will be considered by our review team as a matter of course".

The MoD said that it was "the long-standing policy of successive governments not to comment on matters relating to Special Forces" and that all British military operations were "conducted in accordance with UK and international law, including the Law of Armed Conflict".

The BBC asked the MoD if anyone had ever been officially disciplined over the Shesh Aba raid, but they declined to respond.

As dawn broke over Nimruz that day, the helicopters that had brought the troops flew back to base bearing the wounded Imran and Bilal. The special forces had also taken Hussain's youngest brother, Rahmat Ullah, who was 12.

Rahmat had been detained during the raid and he had no idea what had happened. When his blindfold was finally removed, aboard the helicopter, he saw his young nephews. Imran was conscious, crying. "He looked like he was in severe pain," Rahmat recalled. "He asked me for water, but I didn't have any."

The boys were sent to separate military bases. The family was not allowed to go to where Imran was so, aged just three, he spent the first part of his recovery alone. Eventually he was transferred, and it fell to Abdul Aziz and their grandmother Mah Bibi to comfort the boys and try to explain that their parents were gone.

"They were just too small to understand," Abdul Aziz said. "Imran would cry more, maybe because of the pain, but maybe because he could sense that his mother was no longer alive."

Imran stands by his parents' graves. "I wish our mother and father were with us today," he said. Image: Julian Busch/BBC

Abdul Aziz was offered some compensation at the military hospital for the boys' injuries but he refused the money, he said. "I refused to benefit from the murderers at that time, they had destroyed our world," he said.

When the boys were discharged, their grandparents took them home to the village. They have lived there since, with their older sister Hajira, in the home where they were shot. They don't remember anything about that night, or the weeks that followed, but after they came home Imran began to scream in his sleep and sleepwalk outside during the night. "I don't know why I do it," he said. "I am asleep when it happens, and my grandfather or grandmother brings me home."

Imran and Bilal doing their homework together. The boys look out for one another, Abdul Aziz said. Image: Julian Busch/BBC

Imran is 13 now. He has a long surgical scar down the front of his torso and a scar on the left of his belly, and more scar tissue across his lower back. He has bullet fragments inside his torso - including a large fragment embedded in his spine. "Running causes me pain, and I feel pain in my stomach," he said, pointing gently to the scars on his belly and back. "I also feel more pain in the winter and when the summer comes I'm relieved."

Bilal is 11. He has a scar on his face from a bullet that hit him millimetres from his left eye and a scar on his shoulder where another round hit him and left a bullet fragment inside his bone. He gets pain in his arm when he uses it a lot, he said, and the position of the scar on his face is a permanent reminder of how close he came to death.

Scars on Imran's abdomen show the damage from the bullet wound as well as his surgical incision. Image: Julian Busch/BBC

Both boys have bullet fragments inside them. Imran has a large fragment lodged in his spine. Image: Julian Busch/BBC

The boys go for a few hours in the mornings to a religious school, but there is no proper school nearby that they can attend for full time education. Imran enjoys the lessons, particularly reading. Bilal is less keen. "I don't like school," he said, with a smile. He likes playing with his older brother. On a cool afternoon in October, the two of them played marbles in the courtyard of their home, and they looked as though they were in their own little world. A few feet away, there was a Mulberry tree in the place where their parents were killed. Either side of the Mulberry tree were two thin Jujube trees, planted by Imran and Bilal, for Mohammad Wali and Mohammad Juma, their neighbours who were killed.

Imran and Bilal do not talk much about their parents. They have no memory of Hussain and Ruqqia, so their loss is defined by a general sense of absence. "I wish our mother and father were with us today," Imran said, "so we could go to the city to walk around and enjoy ourselves, as other children can."

The family is poor, and the boys have had limited access to medical care since they were discharged a decade ago. Recently, they travelled to the trauma hospital in the city of Lashkar Gah, about six hours' drive from the village, for a medical examination arranged by the BBC. X-rays showed the bullet fragments still lodged in their bodies. It was the first time the boys had ever seen them. The doctors said that nothing could be done to safely remove the fragments from Imran's torso, so he will have to live with them. "He is lucky to be alive," the surgeon said.

As the boys were examined, Abdul Aziz sat quietly alongside them and held their hands, just as he had sat with them 10 years ago, in another hospital, when they were much smaller, knowing that they were his responsibility now.

Imran sits in a hospital in Lashkar Gah, where the boys were examined in October. Image: Julian Busch/BBC

Abdul Aziz has raised the boys since the night of the raid. Image: Julian Busch/BBC

Hussain and Ruqqia were married on a hot summer's day in 2006, in Zahedan, Iran, where Ruqqia's family lived. Excitement had been building in the village in Afghanistan, and when the appointed day came Abdul Aziz and about 100 members of the wider family set out across the border for the ceremony.

When they returned a few days later with the new bride and groom, there were celebrations to rival the festival of Eid. Livestock was slaughtered to make rich meals for the family and their neighbours. Those who had new clothes wore them. Those who didn't have new clothes wore the best clothes they had. "It was a joyous moment for everyone," Abdul Aziz recalled. "From then on, I called Ruqqia my daughter."

Hussain opened a small grocery shop in the village. Ruqqia was a 'Hafiz Quran', a memoriser of the Muslim holy book, and she taught local children. Shortly after the wedding, their daughter Hajira was born, and then Imran, and a year and a half later Bilal. Hussain took on a new role as the head of the family and the financial provider. He doled out pocket money to his siblings, paid for their schooling and later their weddings. "He was our strength and power," said his younger brother, Mansour. "We didn't worry about a thing when he was alive."

The boys help with work in the fields. "I am getting older, it is harder to work," Abdul Aziz said. Image: Julian Busch/BBC

When Hussain was killed, it forced Abdul Aziz back to work. Now, at 55, he spends his days digging irrigation canals for 200 Afghani - less than £2 - per day. He regrets turning down the offer of compensation for the boy's injuries. If it came again today he would accept. "I am getting older, and it is harder to work and harder to feed the children," he said.

At one time, Abdul Aziz would set off every day after work, under the burning sun or through bracing cold, to the cemetery where his son and daughter-in-law are buried. Hussain's mother, Mah Bibi, often walked with him. Eventually, her sadness overtook her and became a depression that she has not recovered from, and now she cannot go as often. Abdul Aziz suffers too. He is physically tired. But every Friday he walks a kilometre along the dusty track that leads from the village to the graves. They lie in a small, walled off area of the cemetery reserved for those killed by the foreign soldiers. There are eight graves there in total. Two belong to Hussain and Ruqqia. Two to Mohammad Wali and Mohammed Juma.

Last Friday, Abdul Aziz set out for his weekly visit. For half an hour, as the sun set, he sat still by the graves and said prayers for Hussain and for Ruqqia. He spoke to his son. "I told him that I missed him, and that I could still remember him when he was just a little boy," Abdul Aziz said afterwards. He had not uttered a word by the grave. "I do not speak to him aloud," he said. "I speak to him in my heart."

Kiyya Baloch and Ahmad Naveed Nazari contributed to this report

Do you have information about this story that you want to share?

Get in touch using SecureDrop, a highly anonymous and secure way of whistleblowing to the BBC which uses the TOR network.

Or by using the Signal messaging app, an end-to-end encrypted message service designed to protect your data.

Please note that the SecureDrop link will only work in a Tor browser. For information on keeping secure and anonymous, here's some advice on how to use SecureDrop.

Peter McCully was recently elected as a councillor for the Alliance Party

A suspicious item wrapped in a Pride flag was left at the home of a politician in Northern Ireland, with police treating it as a hate crime.

The Alliance Party said Peter McCully, who sits on Causeway Coast and Glens Borough Council, was targeted in the incident in Portrush, County Antrim.

It was one of two hoax devices left outside homes in Hopefield Avenue.

In both cases the devices were wrapped in Pride flags. Controlled explosions were carried out on them by the Army.

The Alliance Party said the second alert was at the home of one of its former councillors.

The security operation in the area was declared over at 16:30 BST on Friday.

Hopefield Crescent, Hopefield Grove and Hopefield Avenue have been reopened and people have been able to return to their homes.

Mr McCully, who lives in his family home, told BBC News NI's Talkback that it was shocking and disruptive for him and his mother, who was in the house at the time.

"Portrush is a welcoming and inclusive place and to have this incident on our doorstep is tarnishing the reputation of the town," he said.

Another security operation began in Portrush on Friday

He and other residents who had to leave their homes were able to return at about 01:00 BST on Friday.

He said there had been a "toxic culture" emerging around LGBT issues in recent weeks and months.

"I feel this is almost an escalation of that - we have seen a number of incidents recently," he said.

"It's clear that we are facing a rising tide in prejudice of LGBT people."

Police said the devices were now being forensically examined and have appealed for anyone with information or footage from the affected area to contact them.

Det Ch Insp Hamilton said: "The placement of these devices has caused untold disruption to the lives of local people, many of whom have had to leave their homes while we made sure the area was safe for them.

"Those responsible care nothing for the impact they have on communities, nor do they care about the fear and uncertainty their actions cause.

"Such attempts to intimidate and threaten are completely unacceptable."

The Alliance Party said: "Nobody should face this kind of threat when simply doing their job."

Police have cordoned off Hopefield Avenue for much of Friday

It said the use of a Pride flag "adds an extra sinister edge" and "has echoes of both the dark days of our troubled past and more recent times".

Alliance condemned those behind what it described as the "appalling attacks".

Representatives of Northern Ireland's other main political parties joined in the condemnation.

A charity supporting LGBT people in Northern Ireland said it was concerned by the incident.

The Rainbow Project said support was available to anyone who was affected by the alert.

"Our thoughts are with all those caught up in this incident and we understand the alarm this incident will cause to LGBTQIA+ communities," it said.

Detectives are urging anyone who finds anything "unusual or out of the ordinary" not to touch it but to contact the police immediately.

Operations to defend the embattled eastern city of Bakhmut will go on, and are backed by senior generals, Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky has said.

Western analysts suggested at the weekend that Ukraine was probably withdrawing some of its troops, as Russian forces close in on the city.

Moscow has been trying to take Bakhmut for months, as both sides suffer heavy losses in a grinding war of attrition.

A local official says there has been street fighting in recent days.

But Deputy Mayor Oleksandr Marchenko said, at the weekend, that Russia had not yet gained control of the city.

Meanwhile Yevgeny Prigozhin, head of the Wagner private army involved in the Russian campaign, has complained of a lack of ammunition amid apparent friction between his fighters and regular Russian forces.

He also says his representative had been barred from a Russian military headquarters.

Analysts say Bakhmut has little strategic value, but has become a focal point for Russian commanders who have struggled to deliver any positive news to the Kremlin.

Capture of the city would bring Russia slightly closer to its goal of controlling the whole of Donetsk region, one of four regions in eastern and southern Ukraine annexed by Russia last September following referendums widely condemned outside Russia as a sham.

Mr Zelensky said in his evening address that he had discussed Bakhmut with senior generals.

"[They] responded not to withdraw, but to strengthen [our defences]," he said.

"The command unanimously supported this position. There were no other positions. I told the commander-in-chief to find the appropriate forces to help our guys in Bakhmut."

The comments followed a report by the German newspaper Bild, quoting Ukrainian government sources, that armed forces commander Valery Zaluzhny had disagreed with Mr Zelensky about the operation several weeks ago, recommending a retreat from the city.

At the weekend the US-based think tank the Institute for the Study of War said Ukrainian troops were probably conducting a "limited fighting withdrawal" while "continuing to inflict high casualties" on the Russians.

Ground forces commander Olexandr Syrsky, quoted by Ukrainska Pravda newspaper during a visit to the front line on Sunday, said the fighting in Bakhmut had reached the "highest level of tension".

"The enemy has been throwing extra Wagner forces into the battle," he said. "Our troops have been courageously defending our positions in the north of Bakhmut, trying to prevent the encirclement of the city."

Last updated on .From the section European Football

Manchester City delivered a relentless performance laced with outstanding quality to overpower holders Real Madrid and reach the Champions League final against Inter Milan in Istanbul.

City have lost two previous semi-finals to Real but they made no mistake here at a joyous Etihad Stadium to now stand one step away from claiming the trophy that has always stayed tantalisingly out of reach for Pep Guardiola's team.

And their display in a magical first half, in particular, will live long in the memory as the masters of this tournament were left bewildered by City's brilliance.

It maintained a seemingly unstoppable march towards a treble of Champions League, Premier League - which can be won with victory at home to Chelsea on Sunday - and the FA Cup, where they play Manchester United in the final at Wembley.

Real keeper Thibaut Courtois performed heroics to save two Erling Haaland headers early in the first half but he was powerless to stop Bernardo Silva's close-range finish after 23 minutes, the Portugal midfielder scoring a looping header for the second eight minutes before half-time.

City faced the occasional threats from Real after the break, Ederson saving well from David Alaba and Karim Benzema, but they were no match and when Manuel Akanji's header deflected in off Eder Militao 14 minutes from time the celebrations started.

Substitute Julian Alvarez then wrapped up the dominant win with a late strike after latching onto a brilliant Phil Foden pass.

City will play Inter on 10 June as they look to win the Champions League for the first time.

City have put themselves in a magnificent position to become only the second English club to win the Treble first claimed by Manchester United in 1999.

City look to have finally broken Arsenal in the Premier League title race and will be overwhelming favourites to beat Inter Milan, although the desire to keep this feat for themselves will provide fuel and inspiration for United in the FA Cup final at Wembley.

Guardiola's side have somehow found ways to miss out on the Champions League in the past but the addition of Haaland's sheer menace as well as more defensive steel makes it difficult to see how they will not find a way past surprise finalists Inter.

City made a Real side full of experience and quality look several classes beneath them in a first half that will be among the finest this stadium has seen, the dazzling interplay, fierce intensity and pace giving them a two-goal advantage that would have been far more but for the excellence of Courtois.

This night had a special atmosphere even before kick-off and victory will taste even sweeter after the pain of last season's loss at the same stage, when City were almost in the final only to concede two stoppage-time goals and eventually go out.

The Champions League has inflicted various levels of anguish on City despite their domestic dominance but if they perform anything like this in Istanbul it is hard to see an efficient but unspectacular Inter side having enough to trouble them.

End of an era for Real?

Real should never be written off with their history of success but there was an end-of-an-era feel about the manner of this defeat.

The side who put Liverpool and Chelsea out of the Champions League with the minimum of fuss looked its age here as City ran the holders ragged.

Luka Modric was taken off and replaced by Antonio Rudiger just after the hour, the 37-year-old's future at the Bernabeu uncertain, while even Karim Benzema, 35, was unable to pose his usual threat.

Real will refuse to stand still and the way they were outclassed here may only speed up the rate of change, with England's teenage sensation Jude Bellingham looking set to arrive to supplement the next generation midfielders alongside Federico Valverde, Eduardo Camavinga and Aurelien Tchouameni.

Whether the great Carlo Ancelotti remains in charge will also be a point of debate with change often in the air if Real go a season without winning either La Liga or the Champions League.

Whatever the outcome, the Italian manager keeps his place in history as the only coach to win this tournament four times.
• None Goal! Manchester City 4, Real Madrid 0. Julián Álvarez (Manchester City) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Phil Foden with a through ball.
• None Jack Grealish (Manchester City) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
• None Lucas Vázquez (Real Madrid) wins a free kick on the right wing.
• None Attempt saved. Dani Ceballos (Real Madrid) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Lucas Vázquez.
• None Attempt saved. Karim Benzema (Real Madrid) right footed shot from a difficult angle on the right is saved in the centre of the goal. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page
• None A warm-hearted Aussie rom-com about a flawed, funny couple getting it all utterly wrong
• None Who killed Michaela McAreavey on her honeymoon? The tragic murder of an Irish sporting icon's daughter reinvestigated

Band member Ian 'H' Watkins told Chippenham Pride he did not want to perform in Dubai because of the human rights issues there

Steps turned down a show in Dubai over a contract clause which stated they were not allowed to mention sexuality, band member Ian 'H' Watkins has said.

He told Chippenham Pride in Wiltshire he was at a point in his life where morals were more important than a "pot of gold gig".

Watkins said nobody had known Steps were offered the show in the Middle East but he said it was "important" to raise the issue.

In an interview with Bobbi Pickard, chief executive of Trans in the city, on Saturday, Watkins said he was "emotional" that he had not spoken up sooner and wished he had had "the guts" to do so.

"This week we were offered a gig, a show, and it was in a country where there's lots of oppression, where the LGBTQ+ community is treated so horrendously," he said.

"And in the contract it said 'no mention of sexuality' and that really jarred with me.

"I'm at a point in my life now where my morals and what I strive for is more important that that pot of gold gig was in Dubai," he said.

The popstar organised the first-ever Pride for his hometown of Cowbridge, Vale of Glamorgan

Mr Watkins said he gave his reasons for not wanting to perform.

"It's because of all the horrendous human rights issues that are happening there," he said.

Dubai is one of the United Arab Emirates, which has strict laws against homosexuality.

Nearby Qatar, which hosted the 2022 World Cup, has similar rules.

It was criticised for its attitude to LGBT people, its human rights record and its treatment of migrant workers.

"Respecting and backing H's position has shown fabulous allyship," Ms Pickard said.

"They [Steps] have a strong Pride community following, and this reinforces their support and love for their fans."

She added she would like to see other artists follow in Steps' example and think twice about performing in places where people in their fan base face imprisonment or the death penalty.

Ian "H" Watkins publicly came out in 2007, a decade after Steps launched

Mr Watkins said he had told the band they were welcome to perform without him, but the band decided to follow his decision.

He said regardless of one's gender, sexuality, or colour, people should be able to live their best life, and be their authentic selves.

"It felt like a little win.

"If everybody did that, all of those ripples will make huge waves, and we will have a much more inclusive and beautiful place to live."

Last updated on .From the section Cricket

The Marylebone Cricket Club has suspended three members over altercations with Australia players at Lord's on day five of the second Test.

Television footage appeared to show clashes between Usman Khawaja and David Warner and spectators in the Long Room as Australia walked off for lunch.

The incident came after England's Jonny Bairstow was controversially stumped by Australia wicketkeeper Alex Carey.

The MCC said it had apologised "unreservedly" before confirming it had suspended three members identified from the incident.

"They will not be permitted back to Lord's whilst the investigation takes place," the MCC added in a statement.

"We maintain that the behaviour of a small number of members was completely unacceptable and whilst there was no suggestion by [Australia captain] Pat Cummins in the post-match press conference that there was any physical altercation, it remains wholly unacceptable to behave in such a way, which goes against the values of the club.

"MCC condemns the behaviour witnessed and once again we re-iterate our apology to Cricket Australia."

Khawaja said the behaviour of the members was "really disappointing", while Cummins added he thought some could lose their memberships as a result.

"Lord's is one of my favourite places to come," said Khawaja. "There's always respect shown at Lord's, particularly in the members' pavilion in the Long Room, but there wasn't today.

"Some of the stuff that was coming out of the members' mouths is really disappointing and I wasn't just going to stand by and cop it. So I just talked to a few of them.

"A few of them were throwing out some pretty big allegations and I just called them up on it and they kept going, and I was like, well, this is your membership here.

"It's pretty disrespectful, to be honest. I just expect a lot better from the members."
• None Superb Stokes century not enough to deny Australia
• None I wouldn't want to win in that manner - Stokes
• None TMS podcast: Super Stokes goes down in vain

Australia asked the MCC to investigate, initially saying players had been "physically contacted" as well as verbally abused.

Based at Lord's, which it owns, the MCC acts as custodian and arbiter of the laws and spirit of cricket.

"We have unreservedly apologised to the Australian team," the MCC said in a statement.

Tempers flared after Carey threw down the stumps to dismiss Bairstow, who left his crease after seemingly believing the ball was dead at the end of the 52nd over in England's second innings.

Australia's players were booed and players from both sides exchanged words as they walked off the field at lunch before Khawaja and Warner appeared to be confronted by members.

"MCC came and apologised for the behaviour of some of the members," said Cummins.

"I think some of them might lose their memberships over the way they behaved. Other than that one time, they were fantastic all week. Normally fantastic, really welcoming.

"They were just quite aggressive and abusive towards some of our players, which I know the MCC weren't too happy with."

The Prince of Wales has thanked British troops for "defending our freedoms" in a secret visit to a military base in Poland near to the Ukraine border.

Prince William's visit to Rzeszow in south-eastern Poland was kept under wraps over security concerns until he left and arrived in the capital Warsaw.

He told British soldiers: "Thank you for all you are doing out here."

He said he wanted to thank them in person for "keeping everyone safe" and "keeping an eye on what's going on".

"So, just a big thank you for what you do on a day-to-day basis."

He added: "You're doing a really important job out here and defending our freedoms is really important, and everyone back home thoroughly supports you."

Rzeszow is just over an hour's drive from the Ukrainian border. The British Army have a base there to deliver support to Ukraine.

Prince William's visit to Poland is at the request of the UK government, but the prince has been clear about his support for Ukraine from the start, tweeting his support to Ukraine just days after Russia's invasion.

His trip to Poland marks him renewing that support.

The prince is visiting Poland as part of a two-day visit to the country

British troops are in Poland to help support Ukraine

The heir to the throne also visited a Polish territorial army base in Rzeszow, before flying back to Warsaw where he visited a Ukrainian refugee centre and met some of the 300 women and children housed there.

On landing in Warsaw, the prince said: "It's fantastic to be back in Poland.

"Our nations have strong ties. Through our co-operation in support of the people of Ukraine and their freedom, which are also our freedoms and yours, these ties are further strengthened.

"I'm here because I want to personally thank the Polish and British troops working in close and crucial partnership.

"I also want to pay tribute to the inspiring humanity of the Polish people. You have opened your hearts as much as your homes."

As part of his two-day trip, on Thursday the prince will meet the Polish President Andrzej Duda at the Presidential Palace.

He will also lay a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier, a monument dedicated to Polish soldiers who lost their lives in conflict.

Back in Warsaw, the prince posed for photos with Ukrainian children

He played a table tennis match during his visit to a centre for refugees

It is William's first trip to Poland since he visited in 2017 with his wife the Princess of Wales.

Last May, before he was king, King Charles III travelled to Romania to meet Ukrainian refugees - the first visit from a senior royal to the region since the start of the Russian invasion of Ukraine.

Poland is a strong ally of Ukraine one of the largest suppliers of military equipment.

Last updated on .From the section Football

Ballon d'Or winner Karim Benzema has agreed terms on a three-year deal with Saudi Arabian champions Al-Ittihad after leaving Real Madrid.

French striker Benzema, 35, won 25 trophies - including five Champions Leagues and four La Ligas - in 14 years with Madrid but they agreed to let him leave his contract a year early.

He scored 354 goals for Real, second only to Cristiano Ronaldo.

Ronaldo, who hit 450 Real goals, plays for another Saudi club, Al-Nassr.

"It's a good league and there are many good players," said Benzema. "Cristiano Ronaldo is already there, a friend which shows Saudi Arabia is starting to further progress its level. I am here to win, like I did in Europe.

"I have been fortunate to achieve amazing things in my career and achieve everything I can in Spain and Europe. It now feels the time is right for a new challenge and project."

Al-Ittihad are managed by former Wolves and Tottenham boss Nuno Espirito Santo.

Benzema played 648 times for Real after his 2009 move from Lyon and scored with his last touch for the club, netting a penalty in Sunday's 1-1 draw with Athletic Bilbao before being replaced.

On Monday it was announced Al-Ittihad were one of four leading Saudi Arabian clubs to be taken over by the country's Public Investment Fund, which also owns Newcastle United.

Ronaldo's Al-Nassr are another, and so are Al-Hilal, who have been strongly linked to Paris St-Germain's Lionel Messi this summer.
• None Our coverage of your Premier League club is bigger and better than ever before - follow your team and sign up for notifications in the BBC Sport app to make sure you never miss a moment

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Football legend Graeme Souness has completed a swim across the English Channel to raise £1m for charity.

The ex-Liverpool player was inspired to take on the challenge after meeting Isla Grist, 14, who suffers from rare skin disease Epidermolysis bullosa.

The 70-year-old broke down in tears during a BBC interview as he called it "the cruellest disease out there".

Souness completed the 21-mile swim as part of a six-person relay team in 12 hours and 17 minutes.

He took part in the team challenge, which included Isla's father, to raise money for Debra UK, which supports people with the disease, also known as butterfly skin.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Souness explained why he decided to swim the English Channel

Posting on Twitter, the charity offered its "huge congratulations" to Souness and his fellow swimmers.

Speaking on BBC Breakfast ahead of taking on the gruelling test of endurance, the former Rangers and Scotland player, who lives in Dorset, described meeting Isla from the Scottish Highlands.

He choked back tears as he described her as "the most unique person I've ever met".

"She does this to me every time. She's an inspiration to me - even at my age," he said.

The former Scotland international said he and Isla have become firm friends over the years he has known her

Isla, from Black Isle, near Inverness, has had her condition since birth and has to be wrapped head to toe in bandages. These are changed three times a week in a procedure that is extremely painful.

Souness said he first became aware of the disease about five years ago. He said he had now become "mates" with Isla, whose courage was an inspiration to him.

"This disease... it's the cruellest, nastiest disease. For someone so young to be so brave... and Isla's aware of the impact this has on her mum and dad and she helps them," he said.

"This is a very special young lady you're in the company of, she really is, and I am… she gets me in tears every time I'm in her company."

Special coverage of Graeme Souness' Channel swim will feature on BBC Breakfast on Monday 19 June

Follow BBC South on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to south.newsonline@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Gal Luft at the US Energy Security Council conference in 2013

The head of a US think tank has been charged with acting as a Chinese agent and attempting to broker the sale of weapons and Iranian oil.

Gal Luft "agreed to covertly recruit and pay" an unnamed ex-US official to publicly support certain Chinese policies, federal prosecutors say.

The 57-year-old allegedly attempted to broker arms sales involving customers in China, Libya, the UAE and Kenya.

A Twitter account associated with him has denied he is an arms dealer.

Mr Luft, a joint US and Israeli citizen, is considered a fugitive, federal prosecutors in Manhattan said on Monday.

In 2016, officials say he failed to register as a foreign agent while acting to advance Chinese interests in the US.

He is alleged to have lobbied an ex-US official who was an adviser to then President-elect Donald Trump to convince him to "publicly support certain policies with respect to China".

Mr Luft is said to have written draft comments on behalf of the same unnamed US official, which were later published in Chinese media and sent to American universities.

Mr Luft is the co-director of the Institute for the Analysis of Global Security, which is based outside Washington DC and describes itself as focused on energy and US security. It was co-founded by Mr Luft and lists former CIA Director James Woolsey as an adviser, according to its website.

Prosecutors also accuse him of attempting to broker arms sales without a US permit. He allegedly worked to help Chinese companies sell anti-tank launchers, grenade launchers and mortar rounds to Libya.

He also allegedly attempted to sell "aerial bombs and rockets" to the United Arab Emirates (UAE) and "strike" drones to Kenya.

Federal officials say he attempted to bypass US sanctions on Iranian oil by directing an associate to say that the oil was Brazilian.

According to prosecutors, Mr Luft was arrested in Cyprus on US charges on 17 February this year and fled after being released on bail pending extradition.

A day later, a Twitter account in his name with 15,000 followers said he had been arrested in Cyprus "on a politically motivated extradition request by the US".

He is charged with eight counts, including failing to register as a foreign agent, evading oil sanctions, two counts of making false statements to investigators and three counts of illicit arms trafficking.

He faces decades in prison if found guilty.

German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier (R) asked "for forgiveness for the crimes" Nazi Germany had committed

Germany's president has drawn parallels between the brutal Nazi crackdown of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising in 1943 and Russian President Putin's full-scale invasion of Ukraine last year.

Mr Putin "has broken international law, challenged borders, committed land grabs", said Frank-Walter Steinmeier at a commemorative ceremony in Poland.

More than 10,000 Jews were killed by the Nazis during the ghetto uprising.

Mr Steinmeier asked "for forgiveness for the crimes" Germany had committed.

The Warsaw Ghetto Uprising - one of World War Two's most remarkable acts of defiance - began exactly 80 years ago as a response to Nazi efforts to send the remaining Jewish population in the Polish capital to death camps.

Between July and September 1942, German forces had sent about 265,000 Jews to the Treblinka extermination camp. Some 60,000 remained in a few blocks in the ghetto until a new round of deportations began in January 1943.

Hundreds of young, poorly equipped Jewish fighters withheld the onslaught of German troops for three weeks.

As the Nazis burned the ghetto block by block, many people were burnt alive or suffocated.

Of the remaining residents, almost all were captured and sent to the death camps of Majdanek and Treblinka in Nazi-occupied Poland.

Nazi soldiers march Jews out of the ghetto on 19 April 1943

On Wednesday, Mr Steinmeier - together with Polish President Andrzej Duda and Israeli President Isaac Herzog - laid wreaths at the monument to the ghetto heroes in Warsaw.

And speaking at the commemorative ceremony, the German president said that President Putin's war "brings immeasurable suffering, violence, destruction and death to the people of Ukraine".

"You in Poland, you in Israel, you know from your history that freedom and independence must be fought for and defended. You know how important it is for a democracy to defend itself.

"But we Germans, too, have learned the lessons of our history. Never again, which means that there must be no criminal war of aggression like Russia's against Ukraine in Europe."

Mr Steinmeier stressed this meant Germany and other Western nations would "stand firmly on the side of Ukraine".

It was the first time that a German head of state has been asked to speak at an anniversary of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising.

Unlike counterparts in other Western countries, German leaders had somewhat strained relations with Ukraine's authorities during the first few weeks of the Russian invasion, with senior officials in Kyiv openly criticising them for refusing to send modern weapons.

It was even reported that Mr Steinmeier was snubbed by Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky last year, when he wanted to visit the Ukrainian capital together with other Western leaders.

But Germany is now seen as being at the forefront of Ukraine's fight with the invading forces.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. WATCH: Can Vladimir Putin actually be arrested?

Tens of thousands of people are believed to have been killed, and many Ukrainian towns and villages have been destroyed since President Putin launched his invasion on 24 February 2022.

Ukraine and its allies accuse Russian troops of committing thousands of war crimes, including mass murder, and rape and deportations.

Mass burial sites have been found in several parts of Ukraine previously occupied by Russian troops, including some containing bodies of civilians showing signs of torture.

Last month, the International Criminal Court in The Hague issued an arrest warrant against President Putin, triggering an angry response from the Kremlin.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Drone appears to be shot down in Moscow region

Ukraine has launched a drone attack on Moscow, the Russian defence ministry says, forcing flights to be diverted from Vnukovo International Airport.

Five drones were reportedly used in Tuesday's attack, which also targeted locations in the wider region around the capital.

The defence ministry said all the drones were shot down and there were no casualties or damage.

Ukraine has not claimed responsibility for the alleged attack.

Restrictions at Vnukovo airport, one of Moscow's three international airports, have now been lifted. Flights from Turkey, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt were among those affected.

According to the defence ministry, four of the drones flying in the Moscow region were shot down by air defence systems. A fifth was intercepted electronically before crashing.

"An attempt by the Kyiv regime to attack a zone where civil infrastructure is located, including an airport that receives international flights, is a new terrorist act," foreign ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said on Telegram.

Russian state media said one of the drones crashed in the town of Kubinka, which is roughly 36km (22 miles) from Vnukovo airport in the south-west of the city.

Another was reportedly shot down near the village of Valuevo, also near the airport.

The BBC is trying to verify this information independently.

This is not the first drone attack to target Moscow. In May, Russia's defence ministry said at least eight drones caused minor damage.

It was the first time the city had been targeted by multiple drones since Russia's invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 and came after Moscow blamed Kyiv for a drone attack on the Kremlin.

Tuesday's drone attack comes after Ukraine launched its counter-offensive against Russia.

This has not yet achieved the sort of speed and momentum some had hoped for, including Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, who previously acknowledged progress was slow.

Meanwhile, the death toll from a Russian drone attack on the northern Ukrainian city of Sumy on Monday has risen to three, according to the local mayor. Several other people were injured.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

Emmanuel Macron has accused protesters of exploiting the death of a teenager shot by police at point-blank range.

At a crisis meeting, France's president said more officers would be deployed to contain the violence, but stopped short of declaring a state of emergency.

He urged parents to keep rioting children at home and social media platforms to remove certain content.

France has been rocked by three nights of unrest after Nahel M, 17, was killed as he drove away from a traffic stop.

More than 915 arrests were made on Thursday night alone, officials said, and the government announced it would deploy 45,000 police officers in a bid to contain further violence.

Mr Macron said that about a third of those arrested for rioting were "young, or very young", with Interior Minister Gérald Darmanin later clarifying that some were as young as 13.

Imploring parents to take action, he said it was their "responsibility" to keep any child intending to protest "at home".

Mr Macron condemned the violence of the last three days "with the greatest firmness" and said Nahel's death had been used to justify acts of violence - calling it an "unacceptable exploitation of the adolescent's death".

He also urged social media companies such as TikTok and Snapchat to take down "the most sensitive types of content" that had been posted, and supply authorities with the names of people using their services to organise violence.

A spokesperson for Snapchat said it had a "zero tolerance" for content that promoted violence and hatred, and would continue to monitor the situation closely.

From Lille and Roubaix in the north to Marseille in the south, shops were ransacked across France on Thursday night, streets were badly damaged and cars set on fire. The interior ministry said there had been more than 3,880 fires on public roads, compared with 2,391 on Wednesday.

Police in Marseille, France's second-largest city, had already arrested 80 people by Friday evening. It followed more clashes between protesters and riot police.

Public transport halted early in some places and curfews were enforced, with a nationwide curb on buses and trams running from 21:00 local time (19:00 GMT).

The damage in cities such as Roubaix became apparent as night turned to day on Friday

Some public events have also been cancelled, including two concerts by French pop star Mylène Farmer, due to take place at the Stade de France just outside Paris on Friday and Saturday night.

France's capital has been at the heart of the unrest because Nahel lived in Nanterre, a north-west Parisian suburb, and was killed there just after 09:00 on Tuesday.

He was shot after refusing to stop for a traffic check and died after emergency services attended the scene. A video, shared online in the hours following Nahel's death, showed two police officers trying to stop the vehicle and one pointing his weapon at the driver.

The officer who fired the fatal shot has since been charged with voluntary homicide and apologised to the family. His lawyer said he is devastated.

Nahel's death has reignited debate around the state of French policing, including a controversial 2017 firearms law which allows officers to shoot when a driver ignores an order to stop.

More widely, it has led to questions of racism in the force. The UN's human rights office said the unrest was a chance for France "to address deep issues of racism in law enforcement".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

A spokeswoman pointed to a recent report by the UN committee on the elimination of racial discrimination, which last December expressed concern at aspects of French policing, including what the report suggested was the disproportionate use of identity checks and imposition of fines on specific ethnic groups.

Nahel's mother, Mounia, made her own accusations, saying the officer who shot her son "didn't have to kill" him.

"He saw the face of an Arab, of a little kid, he wanted to take his life," she told broadcaster France 5. Nahel was of Algerian descent.

On Thursday, Mounia led a largely peaceful march of more than 6,000 people in Nanterre. Wearing a white T-shirt emblazoned with the slogan "Justice pour Nahel" ("Justice for Nahel"), she said she hoped the tribute would be an opportunity for the community in and around Paris to remember her only child.

By late afternoon, the march had descended into violence, sparking the third night of unrest. Police fired tear gas at masked protesters who set fire to various objects, with people thought to have been out on the streets until the early hours of Friday morning.

Nahel's funeral is due to be held in Nanterre on Saturday morning.

In the UK, travellers have been warned to expect disruptions when trying to reach France over the weekend. The Foreign Office told people to "monitor the media, avoid protests, check the latest advice with operators when travelling and follow the advice of the authorities".

Catherine McNerlin attended the Autism in The Air event with her son Haydn

Families with autistic children have said free try-before-you-fly events at George Best Belfast City Airport have reassured them about travel plans.

Autism In The Air, which is run through Queen's University Belfast (QUB), lets families experience the sights and sounds of a busy airport scenario.

Catherine McNerlin's son Haydn was diagnosed with autism two years ago.

She told BBC News NI a twice postponed holiday can go ahead after their visit to the airport last weekend.

Ms McNerlin said they had postponed a family holiday two years in a row fearing five-year-old Haydn might struggle with big crowds, long queues and loud noises.

"Haydn is hyper sensitive and not good with change, he needs constant routine and uses a visual support board to transition throughout his day," Ms McNerlin told BBC News NI.

Dr Nichola Booth, a lecturer in behaviour analysis and autism at QUB, believes giving children on the autism spectrum an opportunity to familiarise themselves with the process of air travel is beneficial for them and their parents or guardians.

"What we noticed was that a lot of families of autistic children and young people were finding that going on holiday was a distressing experience," she told BBC News NI.

"Some actually avoided going on holiday altogether because of the unknown situation of an airport with all the crowds and the unfamiliar sounds associated with them."

Dr Nichola Booth (pictured far right) with duty manager Bill Doole (far left) and support staff at George Best Belfast City Airport

Dr Booth said the scheme could help pinpoint any potential issues the child might experience during their time at the airport or on the plane and parents could then have a plan in place.

"Families really do benefit from this trial experience so that they can be less apprehensive about travelling in the future," Dr Booth said.

At the most recent event, 10 families got to experience busy check-in desks, go through mock airport security, wait at a departure gate and even get to board a grounded plane.

Ms McNerlin said she was overjoyed with how well Haydn's experience was at the airport, so much so that they were now planning to go on their long-overdue holiday.

"Haydn is now excited to go on the holiday, he got the opportunity to repeat things he was unsure about on the plane and now has a greater understanding of airports," she said.

"Before the event he had only ever seen airports through pictures at school or videos on TV or YouTube and didn't understand about them fully until he actually entered the building.

"Autism In The Air has completely turned around his whole way of thinking about them, we're now heading off [on holiday] in July and we are so much more confident."

Laurie Cunningham's 13-year-old son, Ethan, is autistic and is about to head off on a holiday for the first time without her

Laurie Cunningham's 13-year-old son, Ethan, is autistic and is about to head off with his friends on a Boys' Brigade (BB) trip to London.

Ms Cunningham said she was quite apprehensive about her young son flying without her for the first time, but said she knew he would be in capable hands.

"The BB leaders are all fantastic with Ethan and one of the leaders going has a brother who is autistic so is great with Ethan as well," she said.

Ms Cunningham signed herself and Ethan up for the Autism In The Air event to allow him an opportunity to experience what it would be like going through a busy airport.

"Airports are so big and there are just so many people everywhere and I would just be worried about how he would cope sometimes," Ms Cunningham said.

"This was just a way to put my mind at ease because I know he wouldn't be used to it," she said.

"As a parent you do worry, so it was a great way for him to see what it was like and I could then flag to his BB leaders about any potential issues that he had on the trial run."

Zoe Ferguson's 3-year-old son, Rex, does not cope well in crowd spaces and she worries how he will feel in a busy airport

Zoe Ferguson's three-year-old son, Rex, is non-verbal and is currently being assessed for autism spectrum disorder (ASD).

Ms Ferguson said she had not been on a plane with Rex since he was a baby, and was apprehensive about the prospect of the potential lengthy waits when it comes to airports.

She was also nervous about how well he would cope in crowded spaces and attended the event to reassure her about them flying together.

Rex Ferguson got to sit on a grounded airplane as part of the Autism In The Air Event

"He is not one to sit still and, like any three-year-old, it's a handful to try and keep him occupied," she told BBC News NI.

"If it didn't go well on the trial run, we probably wouldn't have travelled through an airport again until he was much older.

"We probably would rather go on a boat or go somewhere in the car instead if we wanted to head off somewhere.

"But I was very pleased with how well he did and it was great preparation for him for when we do fly in the future."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

US President Joe Biden has defended his "very difficult decision" to give Ukraine cluster bombs, which have a record of killing civilians.

The president said it had taken him "a while to be convinced to do it", but he had acted because "the Ukrainians are running out of ammunition".

But the UK's PM suggested the country "discourages" the use of cluster bombs, while Spain criticised the decision.

When asked about his position on the US decision, Rishi Sunak highlighted the UK was one of 123 countries that had signed up to the Convention on Cluster Munitions, which prohibits the production or use of cluster munitions and discourages their use.

Spain's Defence Minister Margarita Robles told reporters her country had a "firm commitment" that certain weapons and bombs could not be sent to Ukraine.

"No to cluster bombs and yes to the legitimate defence of Ukraine, which we understand should not be carried out with cluster bombs," she said.

But Germany, which is a signatory of the treaty, said that while it would not provide such weapons to Ukraine it understood the American position.

"We're certain that our US friends didn't take the decision about supplying such ammunition lightly," German government spokesman Steffen Hebestreit told reporters in Berlin.

Mr Biden told CNN in an interview on Friday that he had spoken to allies about the decision, which was announced ahead of a Nato summit in Lithuania next week.

The US, Ukraine and Russia have not signed up to the convention, and both Moscow and Kyiv have used cluster bombs during the war.

National Security Adviser Jake Sullivan told Friday's daily White House briefing that officials "recognise the cluster munitions create a risk of civilian harm" from unexploded bombs.

But he said Ukraine was running out of artillery and needed "a bridge of supplies" while the US ramps up domestic production.

"We will not leave Ukraine defenceless at any point in this conflict period," he said.

Ukraine's defence minister has given assurances the cluster bombs would not be used in urban areas and only to break through enemy defence lines.

The munitions have caused controversy over their failure - or dud - rate, meaning unexploded small bombs can linger on the ground for years and indiscriminately detonate later on.

Mr Sullivan told reporters the American cluster bombs being sent to Ukraine were far safer than those he said were already being used by Russia in the conflict.

He told reporters the US ones have a dud rate of less than 2.5%, while Russia's have a dud rate of between 30-40%, he said.

Mr Biden's move will bypass US law prohibiting the production, use or transfer of cluster munitions with a failure rate of more than 1%.

Early on in the war, when the White House was asked about allegations that Russia was using cluster and vacuum bombs, the then-press secretary said it would be a potential "war crime" if true.

There has been a mixed reaction among the US president's Democratic Party, more than a dozen of whom have spoken out against the plan.

Human rights groups also criticised the decision, with Amnesty International saying cluster munitions pose "a grave threat to civilian lives, even long after the conflict has ended".

The US Cluster Munition Coalition, which is part of an international civil society campaign working to eradicate the weapons, said they would cause "greater suffering, today and for decades to come".

The UN human rights office has also been critical, with a representative saying "the use of such munitions should stop immediately and not be used in any place".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

A spokesperson for Russia's defence ministry described the move as an "act of desperation" and "evidence of impotence in the face of the failure of the much publicised Ukrainian 'counteroffensive'."

Russian President Vladimir Putin has previously accused the US and its allies of fighting an expanding proxy war in Ukraine.

But Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky thanked the US president for "a timely, broad and much-needed" military aid package worth $800m (£626m).

He tweeted that it would "bring Ukraine closer to victory over the enemy, and democracy to victory over dictatorship".

Ukraine's counter-offensive, which began last month, is grinding on in the eastern Donetsk and south-eastern Zaporizhzhia regions.

Last week, Ukraine's military commander-in-chief Valery Zaluzhny said the campaign had been hampered by a lack of adequate firepower, and expressed frustration with the slow deliveries of weapons promised by the West.

The British have a love-hate relationship with the NHS.

According to researchers at the King's Fund, the public gave the NHS its worst rating since records began 40 years ago. Just 29% said they were satisfied with the NHS in 2022.

And yet we still love it. A whopping 90% of the public agrees the service should be free and available to everyone.

But with more than seven million people on waiting lists, almost everyone knows someone who isn't getting the care they need.

As the NHS approaches its 75th anniversary, politicians are falling over themselves to praise the service.

But when the cameras aren't rolling, the message you hear can be a very different one. Just like us, politicians have a love-hate relationship with the NHS.

"The whole system is paralysed and not improving - all the progress is going backwards." That's not the kind of thing you're likely to hear a minister say in public but it is the candid verdict of a former health minister talking privately.

They say the NHS chief executive has become the "rationer-in-chief" tasked with "spreading the jam more and more thinly" as the demand for care races ahead of what's available.

Another Conservative former minister tells me the "National Health Service is an oxymoron", a contradiction, because "the leadership is incredibly patchy and outcomes are mixed".

For Labour, a source says there is increasing "anxiety and jeopardy" about the future of the service and "it really is a case of change or die".

You'd be hard pressed to find a politician who would admit that services are being rationed but in off-the-record conversations that word comes up again and again.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Are you in a parallel universe on economy and NHS? - PM asked

One of the former ministers says "people have to understand that there is rationing according to wait" - saying that is the "trade-off" with the traditional model.

A former government adviser says "people know there is rationing - the service is pretty good when you get it - but you might not".

You won't find health rationing on any political leaflet or Facebook ad.

But the public's attachment to the concept of the NHS remains extremely strong. Before and after the pandemic voters are in no mood for a discussion about changing its core principles - despite all the problems.

The former government health adviser tells me that any serious conversation about fundamental change is nigh on impossible.

"Any sophisticated Tory politician knows they'd sign their own death warrant" if they raised the prospect of a wholesale change, they say.

Remember Prime Minister Rishi Sunak's proposal to fine patients if they missed a GP appointment? It was ditched almost as soon as it was suggested.

Another former official describes the public's strong emotional connection to the idea of the institution itself, saying: "It's like your family. I'll moan and moan and moan about it, but if someone else from outside has a go at them, I'll have them on toast. It's like criticising your football team - they can naff off!"

Plenty of politicians talk about reforms to the service - whether that is working with the private sector or this week's workforce plan. But whether it is required or not, it is almost unthinkable now that any mainstream politician would argue for a sweeping change to the whole system.

Of course, that has an impact on what governments choose to do to try and improve the service, which might not be the most effective long-term focus.

One former official suggests: "Politicians want solutions with easy metrics like cutting waiting lists.

"If you do cut them in the short term, that just means more operations, it doesn't address stopping people being ill in the first place."

A former minister says rather than go for bold reforms after the pandemic "we have gone straight back to the voodoo land of heroic pointless commitments that will never get met because as a country we are so ill".

Another suggests ministers are actually scared of telling the public hard truths about increasing cost pressures in the health service. "The public has unrealistic expectations of what we can deliver - the government is frightened of that," they say.

And as we've talked about many times here and on the show, unless and until governments confront the aching gaps in care for the elderly and vulnerable, the rest of the health service has to absorb the costly consequences of social care system that to a large extent just doesn't work.

One of the former ministers I've spoken to is intensely frustrated that it is so hard to have a full conversation about the NHS, saying that "it's a political problem, not a resources problem. Our politicians just aren't finding the space" to talk about really bold changes.

One former adviser agrees, saying "everyone of all stripes is scared to take it on".

Yet the fact politicians find it almost impossible to talk about alternatives is also a tribute to the longevity of the NHS and the public's belief in it.

The former adviser suggests that while people have to wait and outcomes vary "as a system it is extraordinarily fair and that has to be worth something".

Love it and hate it. It is most certainly here to stay.

The test tram was photographed on Leith Walk, near Stead's Place.

A tram has travelled along Edinburgh's Leith Walk for the first time in more than six decades.

Trials began on Monday night, with the vehicle travelling at walking pace along the new route, as part of the first stage of testing.

Testing will continue overnight throughout the week, with some bus diversions in place as a result.

The new route, which extends Edinburgh's existing tram network to Newhaven, is set to open in the spring.

It the first time a tram has run along Leith Walk since November 1956.

Councillor Scott Arthur, transport and environment convener for the City of Edinburgh Council said: "This is a huge milestone for Trams to Newhaven as we see the first trams on Leith Walk in my lifetime."

He said the route was set to be transformative for the area, as well as the city as a whole.

"We're fast approaching the start of passenger services this spring, and that the project is set to be delivered on time and within budget, despite the challenges of recent years, is testament to the hard work of all those involved," he added.

The trams travelled at a walking pace during the trial

On the first night of testing, a tram travelled slowly along small sections of the route, beginning at Picardy Place.

This will continue through the week, taking place during the night to minimise traffic disruption.

Information on bus diversions is available on the Lothian Buses website.

Once the first stage is completed, the frequency and speed of tram testing will increase, and trams will start running to a timetable.

The managing director of Edinburgh Trams, Lea Harrison, described the trial as a "proud moment" for all involved.

Leith Walk has a long history as a key area on the city's tramways.

Horse-drawn trams first travelled on the street in 1871, as part of Edinburgh's first tram route. This route saw trams travel three-and-a-half miles from Haymarket to Bernard Street. Cable trams were introduced shortly after.

In 1905, the newly created Leith Corporation Tramways brought in a rival electric tram service.

Leith Walk's position on the boundary between Edinburgh and Leith meant that passengers travelling along the street would have to disembark at the boundary line, to swap between the Edinburgh service, and Leith Service.

The final tram of this era travelled on Leith Walk on 16 November 1956 as the city made a move towards bus travel.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Bilal and Imran Uzbakzai, by their mother's grave. They cannot remember her now. Image: Julian Busch/BBC

When British special forces raided a family home in Afghanistan in 2012, they killed two young parents and gravely wounded their infant sons. A BBC investigation has revealed that special forces command didn't refer the incident to military police and it was never investigated, until now. In Afghanistan, a family is still trying to heal.

Late on the evening of 6 August 2012, in the courtyard of a family home in Afghanistan, Abdul Aziz Uzbakzai sat down for the last dinner he would ever have with his son. At the table were Abdul Aziz and his wife, four of their five children, and two of their young grandchildren. It was the 18th night of Ramadan, the holy month when Muslims fast. The family lived together in a modest home in a village called Shesh Aba in Nimruz province.

That day had begun like any other - a shared pre-dawn breakfast, before sunrise brought the fasting hours and family members went to work. Abdul Aziz's eldest son, Hussain, opened the small grocery shop he ran. Hussain's wife Ruqqia cared for their two young boys and began her work in the home. A goat was slaughtered by a neighbour in anticipation of evening meals that would break the day's fast.

The only thing out of the ordinary, according to the family's account, was the arrival of two unknown male visitors. In rural Afghanistan, it is not uncommon to receive unexpected guests, and tradition dictates that they are shown hospitality. But Abdul Aziz felt himself becoming wary of the two men, he said, and he called Hussain to close the shop early and come home.

After sunset, the two guests were given food and ate separately and they left without incident at 10pm, Abdul Aziz said. It was a hot summer night in Shesh Aba, so the family ate outside. At the end of the meal, Abdul Aziz stood up and said he was tired and would go to bed. He said "Goodnight Hussain Jan" - a term of loving affection - to his son, "Goodnight daughter" to Ruqqia, and "Goodnight boys" to the boys.

Abdul Aziz at the family home in Shesh Aba. Image: Julian Busch/BBC

The boys were young then - Imran three and his brother Bilal just one and a half. They do not remember anything now about what would unfold later that night, and the family has tried to shield them in the decade since from the worst of the horror. They know that before bedtime, their father had pulled their mattresses out into the courtyard, because the heat had made their shared room stifling, and that they had fallen asleep with their parents, for the last time, under the stars.

By that point, in 2012, coalition forces had been waging war in Afghanistan for a little over a decade. Elite special forces units from leading coalition countries were regularly carrying out so-called "Deliberate Detention Operations", also known as "Kill/Capture missions". Troops typically flew in by helicopter after dark and launched fast-moving assaults against suspected Taliban targets. For the UK, these night-time raids were usually executed by the SAS or SBS, the highly-respected special forces units of the British Army and Royal Navy.

But unknown to the British public at that time, SAS operatives were already suspected at the highest levels of UK Special Forces of illegally killing Afghan men who had surrendered and been detained, and later covering up the killings with fabricated reports. A BBC Panorama investigation published earlier this year revealed that one SAS squadron killed 54 people in suspicious circumstances in one six-month tour. The pattern led one of the highest-ranking special forces officers in the UK to warn in a secret memo to the head of special forces that there could be a "deliberate policy" in effect to kill detainees, "even when they did not pose a threat".

One of these "Kill/Capture" raids was about to be executed on Abdul Aziz's family home. At about 3am, British military helicopters descended through the dark sky over Nimruz and landed outside the village. Special forces operatives dropped to the ground and moved towards where the family were sleeping. Abdul Aziz was woken by the first gunshots, and within minutes foreign soldiers were in his room, he said, pushing him on the ground, handcuffing and blindfolding him.

"I pleaded with them to let me go to where my son and daughter-in-law and their children were sleeping," Abdul Aziz said. "I could hear my two daughters screaming and pleading for help. No one was helping them. I could not do anything for my children."

The family lives in a small village made up of traditional mud homes, in Nimruz province. Image: Julian Busch/BBC

Chaos had descended on the rural family home. According to his account, Abdul Aziz was blindfolded, beaten and interrogated. The foreign soldiers asked him about the visitors who came to the house earlier that day, he said. He would be kept inside, blindfolded, for the duration of the raid.

The special forces operatives had also gone to the house next door, where a widower called Lal Mohammad lived with his six sons and three daughters. One of his sons, Mohammad Mohammad, who was 12 at the time, told the BBC that he and his brothers were brought outside and detained by the assault team. He was blindfolded and - possibly because of his young age - taken separately to Hussain's home and held there for the rest of the raid.

It was only after the troops left the village, hours later, that Abdul Aziz was able to take off his blindfold and go out into the morning light to the place where Hussain and Ruqqia and the boys had been sleeping. "There was blood everywhere", he said, "blood soaked into the sheets and the mattresses." According to members of both families who saw Hussain and Ruqqia's bodies, both had been shot in the head. Imran and Bilal's bloody bedclothes lay there, but the boys were gone.

Mohammad Mohammad ran back next door to his family home, where he had last seen his older brothers detained by the soldiers. He found Mohammad Wali, who was 26, and Mohammad Juma, who was 28, inside the home, dead with gunshot wounds to the head, he said. Other family members said that the two were shot at close range in the head, and an image of Mohammad Wali's body seen by the BBC appears to show a head wound.

Mohammad Mohammad's account appears to mirror the pattern of killings that had already raised suspicions among senior special forces officers.

"I swear to God, my brothers were farmers," he said. "They worked from dawn until night. They were neither with the Taliban nor with the government. They were killed for no reason."

According to the accounts of Abdul Aziz and other family members who saw Hussain and Ruqqia's bodies, their eyes were closed and their jaws had been bound shut with cloth tied under the jaw and around the head, maybe to allow the assault team to accurately photograph their faces - a standard procedure after a fatal shooting.

The young parents appeared to have been killed in their bed, the family said. It was not clear if they had woken up before they died. At first, the family assumed Imran and Bilal were dead too. But the boys had been airlifted out with the special forces, one-year-old Bilal with bullet wounds to his face and shoulder, three-year-old Imran with a gunshot wound in his abdomen, fighting for his young life.

In the aftermath of the raid, a British military commander had a decision to make. Under UK law, commanders are obliged to inform military police if there is any possibility that a Schedule 2 offence has been committed by a person under their command. Schedule 2 offences are serious offences like unlawful killing and grievous bodily harm. The guidance for commanding officers says that the circumstances must only "indicate to a reasonable person that a Schedule 2 offence may have been committed" in order to legally oblige them to refer the incident to the military police. It is considered a low bar.

In Shesh Aba, a woman was among the dead and two infant boys had been shot. An Afghan newswire report published the day of the raid quoted the local governor as saying that the foreign forces had "killed and wounded six civilians", including "two children". A former investigator from the Royal Military Police told the BBC that, based on the available information, there was "no question in my mind that this incident should have been referred to military police".

But the BBC has discovered that the raid was never referred to military police and never investigated by anyone outside of UK Special Forces. The Royal Military Police (RMP) told us that they did not appear to have been informed of the Shesh Aba raid at the time, and are now reviewing the incident "as a direct result" of our inquiries.

When asked by the BBC, the Ministry of Defence confirmed that British forces were involved in the raid and that a Serious Incident Review, or SIR (an internal review undertaken automatically after an operation goes wrong in a serious way) had been carried out, but that the commanding officer had decided against referring the incident to military police.

The MoD said: "There is a comprehensive MOD policy in place for actions to be taken in the event of possible civilian casualties.

"Following a review by senior Army lawyers, it was decided by the Commanding Officer, in accordance with the Armed Forces Act 2006 and MoD policy, that the circumstances did not require a referral to the Service Police."

General Sir Mark Carleton-Smith was head of UK Special Forces at the time of the Shesh Aba raid in 2012.

The BBC asked both the MoD and RMP to reveal the rank of the commanding officer who made the decision, but both declined to say. The BBC has obtained a secret internal special forces document laying out the protocol for deciding on referrals to the military police. It appears to show that once an SIR has been completed, it has to go to the Director Special Forces - the highest-ranking special forces officer in the UK - for a decision on whether to refer the incident.

Director Special Forces at the time of the Shesh Aba raid was General Sir Mark Carleton-Smith, who went on to become the head of the British Army, before stepping down earlier this year. Asked by the BBC about the Shesha Aba raid, General Carleton-Smith said he could not recall whether he was briefed on the "specific tactical detail of the operation", but that he was in no doubt he would have been "guided by the advice of the in-theatre commanders", as well as the legal judgement of a senior Army lawyer that no referral to military police was necessary.

He said the recommendation to him at the time from the commanding officer in Afghanistan was that there was no evidence of a criminal offence, that the Rules of Engagement hadn't been broken, and that "the circumstances of the operation justified the lethal use of force". He added: "And I certainly never saw or read any evidence or advice that suggested unlawful behaviour".

General Carleton-Smith told the BBC it remains his view that "the Rules of Engagement were correctly observed despite the occasionally tragic outcomes that are sadly inevitable during war".

The Rules of Engagement that applied to this raid dictated that lethal force could only have been used against someone who posed an imminent threat to life. There has been no suggestion from the Ministry of Defence that any weapons were found at Hussain and Ruqqia's home or that they were armed when they were shot.

Imran and Bilal play marbles in the courtyard, a few feet from a mulberry tree planted in the spot where their parents were killed. Image: Julian Busch/BBC

SIR reports were intended in part to help commanding officers make a decision about whether a referral to military police was necessary. But a former senior RMP officer who served at the time of the raid in Shesh Aba, who spoke to the BBC on condition of anonymity, said there were "serious problems" across the Armed Forces with the use of the reports.

"Instead of getting to the bottom of what happened and correcting any criminal behaviour, SIRs became a way of cleansing an incident of any wrongdoing," he said. "Some senior officers were using SIRs as a tool to prevent scrutiny. It seemed they were deciding on non-referral and then writing the SIR to justify the decision."

The problem was "widespread", the senior officer said, but UK Special Forces was "notable in its lack of referrals". The BBC has identified at least three other occasions when an SIR was completed by UK Special Forces but not referred to the RMP. "In Special Forces, it's easier to keep it 'in house'," the former senior officer said. "There's a lot less oversight."

A former RMP investigator who spoke to the BBC said he was "not surprised" that the Shesha Aba raid was not referred. "I'm afraid, given my experience of these kinds of cases, I'm not surprised that the commanding officer decided not to inform the police," he said. "But it's clear it should have been looked into."

A spokesperson for the RMP said that its current review, prompted by the BBC's inquiries, "should in no way be taken as implying that the incident was unlawful or that the British Armed Forces had improperly failed to make the Service Police aware, although these are factors that will be considered by our review team as a matter of course".

The MoD said that it was "the long-standing policy of successive governments not to comment on matters relating to Special Forces" and that all British military operations were "conducted in accordance with UK and international law, including the Law of Armed Conflict".

The BBC asked the MoD if anyone had ever been officially disciplined over the Shesh Aba raid, but they declined to respond.

As dawn broke over Nimruz that day, the helicopters that had brought the troops flew back to base bearing the wounded Imran and Bilal. The special forces had also taken Hussain's youngest brother, Rahmat Ullah, who was 12.

Rahmat had been detained during the raid and he had no idea what had happened. When his blindfold was finally removed, aboard the helicopter, he saw his young nephews. Imran was conscious, crying. "He looked like he was in severe pain," Rahmat recalled. "He asked me for water, but I didn't have any."

The boys were sent to separate military bases. The family was not allowed to go to where Imran was so, aged just three, he spent the first part of his recovery alone. Eventually he was transferred, and it fell to Abdul Aziz and their grandmother Mah Bibi to comfort the boys and try to explain that their parents were gone.

"They were just too small to understand," Abdul Aziz said. "Imran would cry more, maybe because of the pain, but maybe because he could sense that his mother was no longer alive."

Imran stands by his parents' graves. "I wish our mother and father were with us today," he said. Image: Julian Busch/BBC

Abdul Aziz was offered some compensation at the military hospital for the boys' injuries but he refused the money, he said. "I refused to benefit from the murderers at that time, they had destroyed our world," he said.

When the boys were discharged, their grandparents took them home to the village. They have lived there since, with their older sister Hajira, in the home where they were shot. They don't remember anything about that night, or the weeks that followed, but after they came home Imran began to scream in his sleep and sleepwalk outside during the night. "I don't know why I do it," he said. "I am asleep when it happens, and my grandfather or grandmother brings me home."

Imran and Bilal doing their homework together. The boys look out for one another, Abdul Aziz said. Image: Julian Busch/BBC

Imran is 13 now. He has a long surgical scar down the front of his torso and a scar on the left of his belly, and more scar tissue across his lower back. He has bullet fragments inside his torso - including a large fragment embedded in his spine. "Running causes me pain, and I feel pain in my stomach," he said, pointing gently to the scars on his belly and back. "I also feel more pain in the winter and when the summer comes I'm relieved."

Bilal is 11. He has a scar on his face from a bullet that hit him millimetres from his left eye and a scar on his shoulder where another round hit him and left a bullet fragment inside his bone. He gets pain in his arm when he uses it a lot, he said, and the position of the scar on his face is a permanent reminder of how close he came to death.

Scars on Imran's abdomen show the damage from the bullet wound as well as his surgical incision. Image: Julian Busch/BBC

Both boys have bullet fragments inside them. Imran has a large fragment lodged in his spine. Image: Julian Busch/BBC

The boys go for a few hours in the mornings to a religious school, but there is no proper school nearby that they can attend for full time education. Imran enjoys the lessons, particularly reading. Bilal is less keen. "I don't like school," he said, with a smile. He likes playing with his older brother. On a cool afternoon in October, the two of them played marbles in the courtyard of their home, and they looked as though they were in their own little world. A few feet away, there was a Mulberry tree in the place where their parents were killed. Either side of the Mulberry tree were two thin Jujube trees, planted by Imran and Bilal, for Mohammad Wali and Mohammad Juma, their neighbours who were killed.

Imran and Bilal do not talk much about their parents. They have no memory of Hussain and Ruqqia, so their loss is defined by a general sense of absence. "I wish our mother and father were with us today," Imran said, "so we could go to the city to walk around and enjoy ourselves, as other children can."

The family is poor, and the boys have had limited access to medical care since they were discharged a decade ago. Recently, they travelled to the trauma hospital in the city of Lashkar Gah, about six hours' drive from the village, for a medical examination arranged by the BBC. X-rays showed the bullet fragments still lodged in their bodies. It was the first time the boys had ever seen them. The doctors said that nothing could be done to safely remove the fragments from Imran's torso, so he will have to live with them. "He is lucky to be alive," the surgeon said.

As the boys were examined, Abdul Aziz sat quietly alongside them and held their hands, just as he had sat with them 10 years ago, in another hospital, when they were much smaller, knowing that they were his responsibility now.

Imran sits in a hospital in Lashkar Gah, where the boys were examined in October. Image: Julian Busch/BBC

Abdul Aziz has raised the boys since the night of the raid. Image: Julian Busch/BBC

Hussain and Ruqqia were married on a hot summer's day in 2006, in Zahedan, Iran, where Ruqqia's family lived. Excitement had been building in the village in Afghanistan, and when the appointed day came Abdul Aziz and about 100 members of the wider family set out across the border for the ceremony.

When they returned a few days later with the new bride and groom, there were celebrations to rival the festival of Eid. Livestock was slaughtered to make rich meals for the family and their neighbours. Those who had new clothes wore them. Those who didn't have new clothes wore the best clothes they had. "It was a joyous moment for everyone," Abdul Aziz recalled. "From then on, I called Ruqqia my daughter."

Hussain opened a small grocery shop in the village. Ruqqia was a 'Hafiz Quran', a memoriser of the Muslim holy book, and she taught local children. Shortly after the wedding, their daughter Hajira was born, and then Imran, and a year and a half later Bilal. Hussain took on a new role as the head of the family and the financial provider. He doled out pocket money to his siblings, paid for their schooling and later their weddings. "He was our strength and power," said his younger brother, Mansour. "We didn't worry about a thing when he was alive."

The boys help with work in the fields. "I am getting older, it is harder to work," Abdul Aziz said. Image: Julian Busch/BBC

When Hussain was killed, it forced Abdul Aziz back to work. Now, at 55, he spends his days digging irrigation canals for 200 Afghani - less than £2 - per day. He regrets turning down the offer of compensation for the boy's injuries. If it came again today he would accept. "I am getting older, and it is harder to work and harder to feed the children," he said.

At one time, Abdul Aziz would set off every day after work, under the burning sun or through bracing cold, to the cemetery where his son and daughter-in-law are buried. Hussain's mother, Mah Bibi, often walked with him. Eventually, her sadness overtook her and became a depression that she has not recovered from, and now she cannot go as often. Abdul Aziz suffers too. He is physically tired. But every Friday he walks a kilometre along the dusty track that leads from the village to the graves. They lie in a small, walled off area of the cemetery reserved for those killed by the foreign soldiers. There are eight graves there in total. Two belong to Hussain and Ruqqia. Two to Mohammad Wali and Mohammed Juma.

Last Friday, Abdul Aziz set out for his weekly visit. For half an hour, as the sun set, he sat still by the graves and said prayers for Hussain and for Ruqqia. He spoke to his son. "I told him that I missed him, and that I could still remember him when he was just a little boy," Abdul Aziz said afterwards. He had not uttered a word by the grave. "I do not speak to him aloud," he said. "I speak to him in my heart."

Kiyya Baloch and Ahmad Naveed Nazari contributed to this report

Do you have information about this story that you want to share?

Get in touch using SecureDrop, a highly anonymous and secure way of whistleblowing to the BBC which uses the TOR network.

Or by using the Signal messaging app, an end-to-end encrypted message service designed to protect your data.

Please note that the SecureDrop link will only work in a Tor browser. For information on keeping secure and anonymous, here's some advice on how to use SecureDrop.

Nuria Sajjad was said by family members to have "embodied joy, kindness and generosity"

A second girl has died from her injuries after a car crashed into a school in south-west London on Thursday.

The Metropolitan Police has named eight-year-old Nuria Sajjad as the second victim.

Selena Lau, eight, also died after the incident in Wimbledon.

In a statement released by the police on Sunday, Nuria's family described her as the "light of our lives".

She "embodied joy, kindness and generosity and she was loved by all around her," the statement added.

Nuria's family said they were announcing the news with "profound sorrow", and made a request for privacy.

They also thanked emergency services and those working at St George's Hospital, as well as the parents of Nuria's classmates and school staff, "for all they have done to ease Nuria's journey".

Several people were taken to hospital after the crash at The Study Preparatory School, which involved a Land Rover.

Tributes were paid to Selena after her death was announced on Thursday.

Family members described her as an "intelligent and cheeky girl" who was "adored and loved by everyone".

Scores of people have visited the school over the weekend

Parents and children have been visiting the school over the weekend to lay flowers and pay their respects.

Merton Council said it was offering counselling to the families affected, as well as pupils and staff at the school.

A woman in her 40s remains in a serious condition in hospital.

The driver of the vehicle - a 46-year-old woman - has been bailed until late July, having been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving.

Officers have asked the public to avoid speculation while an investigation is carried out, but have said they are not treating the crash as terror-related.

Thirty-five police vehicles were sent to the scene, and officers teamed up with paramedics to give first aid to a number of people who were injured.

An end-of-term tea party had been taking place at the school when the vehicle crashed through the fence and into a building.

London Ambulance Service said it sent 15 ambulances to the scene and treated 16 people.

The private girls' school is just a mile away from the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club, which has been hosting the world-famous Wimbledon tennis tournament.

The school is now closed until September.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

Thirty people could be paid £1,600 a month without any obligation under proposals for the first trial of a universal basic income in England.

Researchers from think tank Autonomy are seeking financial backing for a two-year pilot programme to see how it would change the lives of the group.

Supporters say schemes can simplify the welfare system and tackle poverty.

Participants will be drawn from central Jarrow, in north-east England, and East Finchley, in north London.

The concept of a universal basic income sees government pays all individuals a set salary regardless of their means.

Critics of universal basic income say it would be extremely costly, would divert funding away from public services, and not necessarily help to alleviate poverty.

Autonomy said it hopes its proposed pilot will "make the case for a national basic income and more comprehensive trials to fully understand the potential of a basic income in the UK".

"No one should ever be facing poverty, having to choose between heating and eating, in one of the wealthiest countries in the world," said Cleo Goodman, co-founder of Basic Income Conversation, a programme run by the work-focused think tank.

Will Stronge, director of research at Autonomy, said: "All the evidence shows that [a UBI] would directly alleviate poverty and boost millions of people's wellbeing: the potential benefits are just too large to ignore."

Autonomy's trial is being supported by charity Big Local and Northumbria University.

Two years of community consultation has taken place in central Jarrow and East Finchley.

Anyone from the areas is able to put themselves forward to take part and can remain anonymous. While participants will be drawn randomly, the organisers plan for it to be a representative group and to be made up of 20% of people with disabilities.

On top of the £1.15m budget for the basic income payments over two years, there would be further costs of about £500,000 for the project's evaluation activities, admin, and community support teams.

Autonomy says if funding for income payments was secured, it would most likely come from private philanthropic sources, or local or combined authorities.

There have been previous calls for a universal basic income to be used to alleviate financial hardships experienced in the wake of the Covid-19 pandemic.

And last year, the Welsh Labour government announced a £20m experiment offering a universal basic income to young people leaving care.

The plan would give £1,600 a month before tax to 500 care leavers, a sum roughly in line with the living wage. The scheme is ongoing, and the Welsh government said the results would be "thoroughly evaluated".

Last updated on .From the section Athletics

Kenya's Kelvin Kiptum smashed compatriot Eliud Kipchoge's course record to win the men's London Marathon in the second-fastest time ever.

The 23-year-old was just 16 seconds outside Kipchoge's world record, finishing in two hours one minute 25 seconds.

Sifan Hassan also produced a remarkable run to win the women's race.

The Dutch Olympic track champion, 30, suffered with a hip injury but battled to win on her debut at the distance.

Kiptum knocked one minute and 12 seconds off Kipchoge's previous course record to beat second-placed compatriot Geoffrey Kamworor by almost three minutes.

Britain's Mo Farah was ninth in his final London Marathon, with the 40-year-old four-time Olympic champion revealing after the race that he would finish his career at the Great North Run in September.

Hassan, who won the 5,000m and 10,000m at the Tokyo Olympics in 2021, appeared out of the women's race after dropping back early on with a hip problem, but somehow fought back.

She then produced a sprint finish to win in two hours 18 minutes 33 seconds.
• None Great North Run will be my goodbye - Farah

Switzerland's Marcel Hug knocked 50 seconds off his own course record to win a third consecutive London Marathon men's wheelchair race - and fifth in total.

Australia's Madison de Rozario held off Manuela Schar, of Switzerland, in a sprint finish to win the women's wheelchair event for a second time.

More than 48,000 runners are taking part in the marathon, raising millions of pounds for charity, with huge crowds lining the streets of London despite damp conditions.

The event has returned to its traditional date in the calendar, in April, for the first time since 2019 after being moved during the Covid-19 pandemic.

'London has been my dream'

Hassan's rollercoaster of a race looked all but over after she fell off the leading group with just an hour gone.

"I had a problem with my hip, which made me stop. But it started to feel a little bit better," she told BBC Sport.

"And then I missed one of the drinks stations. I didn't practise that part of the race because I have been fasting [during Ramadan] and so that was quite difficult. But I needed it.

"At 20km I knew that I could kick on because I didn't feel that tired and I didn't care how I finished, I just wanted to get there."

After battling through the pain, Hassan's track speed proved telling down the Mall, as she beat Ethiopia's Alemu Megertu into second place, while Kenya's previously unbeaten Olympic champion Peres Jepchirchir was third.

"London has been my dream," added Hassan. "And now here I am, I was doubting that I could even finish. This is just amazing. I will never forget this in my whole life."

The women's field was billed as the greatest ever assembled, but Kenyan world record holder Brigid Kosgei dropped out after just three minutes, while Ethiopia's defending champion Yalemzerf Yehualaw was fifth.

Sam Harrison, 27, was the first British woman home, clocking a new personal best of 2:25:59 as she finished 11th.

It was the fifth-fastest time by a British woman in the event.

'Part of me was wanting to cry'

It was perhaps made more poignant that Farah should reveal a date for the end of his career on a day when Kiptum announced his arrival as marathon's newest world star.

Farah had already made clear that this would be his last time running the London race and he said he was close to tears on his way round.

"London has been so great to me over the years and I wanted to be here to say thank you to the crowd and the support that was just amazing," he said.

"Part of me was wanting to cry. The people were amazing, even in the rain to line the streets and that's what this is all about. It's what has kept me going for so long throughout my career."

Kiptum produced the fastest marathon debut in Valencia in December, where he finished in 2:01:53 - the third-fastest time in history.

He went faster still on the streets of London, leaving a high-class field in his wake, with Ethiopia's reigning world champion Tamirat Tola in third, three minutes and 34 seconds behind.

Emile Cairess, 25, produced a superb run to finish as the first British man home, taking sixth in 2:08:07 on his marathon debut.

It was the third-fastest marathon time by a British man - behind Farah and Steve Jones - and the second fastest by a Briton in the London race.

Four British runners finished in the top 10, with Phil Sesemann eighth and Chris Thompson 10th.
• None Go from the couch to 5k in nine weeks

Switzerland's Hug, 37, dominated the men's wheelchair race to finish in one hour 23 minutes 48 seconds, well ahead of the Netherlands' Jetze Plat in second, with Japan's Tomoki Suzuki third.

Britain's David Weir, 43, finished his 24th London Marathon in fifth place.

The women's race was much closer, with the four favourites making it on the Mall together before De Rozario and Schar pulled away.

De Rozario won in one hour 38 minutes 52 seconds, with defending champion Catherine Debrunner, of Switzerland, in third and the United States' Susannah Scaroni fourth.

Eden Rainbow-Cooper, 21, who was third in 2022, was the first Briton home in seventh.
• None Follow the Highland Cops as they fight crime

Gene editing has the potential to treat numerous inherited disorders

New rules in China to regulate gene editing in humans don't go far enough, a leading expert has warned scientists.

Dr Joy Zhang of Kent University, a global expert on the governance of gene editing in China, said authorities are susceptible to "regulatory negligence".

The regulations were updated following an outcry five years ago when a Chinese scientist said he had created the world's first gene-edited babies.

China says the new laws are in line with international rules.

They set requirements for ethical approval, supervision and inspection, but experts worry that they may not apply to the private sector.

Dr Zhang, one of the main speakers at an international human genome-editing summit in London, told BBC News: "My biggest concern is that the new measures fail to cover a chronic and increasing problem in trying to deal with private ventures that are taking place outside of conventional scientific institutes.

"The new rules may struggle to keep up with the burgeoning innovation that is happening in China.''

Gene editing is a new technique that enables scientists to make precise changes to DNA. Scientists believe it could be used to correct many inherited diseases.

It is controversial, though, because it raises the possibility of making permanent changes to a person's genetic make-up that will be passed down to their offspring.

The world's leading scientists in the field were stunned when Dr He Jiankui, from Shenzhen in Guangdong Province, claimed five years ago that he had created the world's first gene-edited babies - twins nicknamed Lulu and Nana.

The girls' DNA had been altered while they were at an early embryonic stage in a way that Dr He claimed would make them resistant to HIV infection.

He was fined and sentenced to three years in prison in 2019. No-one, other than Dr He, has had access to the twins. But at a recent scientific meeting, he said they were in good health.

Upon his release, it emerged last month that he was planning to set up a clinic in Hong Kong to research using gene editing to develop a treatment for children with a rare inherited muscular disorder, called Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy. Immigration officials announced that they had rescinded his visa after they discovered he had a criminal record.

The new rules close the loopholes that enabled Dr He to evade regulations, which previously only applied to experiments on human beings in hospitals, for example for drug trials. The updated regulations cover all research institutions and everything relating to humans, including work on tissues, organs and embryonic cells.

Dr He Jiankui served a three-year prison sentence following claims that he created the world's first gene-edited children five years ago.

The summit organiser, Prof Robin Llovell-Badge, from the Crick Institute, where the meeting is being held, said he was concerned that there was still too much secrecy in Chinese research.

''I understand why China wants to be leaders in technology, but there are some areas that require special attention and gene editing is one of them," he said.

''It has to be done properly and with the appropriate governance and oversight, and I'm concerned that they are not there yet.''

Speaking at the summit, Dr Yangin Peng, of the Chinese Academy of Science, said the government has "accelerated" laws and regulations in gene editing.

"China has considerably tightened its legislation and regulations," he said. "Permanent, inherited changes are banned, governance has adopted a precautionary approach and our laws are in line with international rules."

Dr Francoise Baylis, a Canadian bioethicist from Dalhousie University, said she wanted more details of the updates to China's rules.

''I saw [that in the updated rules] research should be in line with ethical principles. I would want to know which ethical principles, where they are set out and whether they are open to questioning,'' she said.

She added that China was not alone in grappling with how to regulate the private sector.

''We have similar issues in North America, so I think it is wrong to focus on China,'' she said.

Dr Piers Millett, of the International Biosafety and Biosecurity Initiative, based in Washington, acknowledged that: ''China is probably leading the way in revising the rules in this area.''

Gene editing enables precise genetic changes to be made at the embryonic stage

Many scientists have wondered how Dr He could be allowed to return to clinical research after serving time in prison.

"I, like many people, had been wondering whether there had been an individual or institution in China that had been backing or protecting He Jiankui," said Dr Zhang.

But she said she now thought that "we are looking at a simple case of regulatory negligence".

That led her to believe that "without getting clarifications on Dr He's case, the recent talk of good governance is hypocritical".

"I worry less about what He Jiankui is up to, and more about the Chinese authorities are doing," she said.

The £2 cap on bus fares in England has been extended again until the end of October, the government has announced.

The cap, which applies to more than 130 bus operators outside of London, will then rise in November to £2.50 for 12 months, before prices are reviewed.

The current limit on fares has now been extended twice after warnings hundreds of services could be cut without it.

Its aim is to ease the cost of living pressures on passengers but also to encourage people to use buses.

Bus operators have still not seen the same number of passengers return to using services as before the Covid pandemic, with levels recovering to around 85 to 90%, according to the Department for Transport.

The Confederation of Passenger Transport, which is the trade association for the UK's bus and coach sector, welcomed the extra funding for the scheme and said it would help operators and councils to "promote and grow services with greater confidence".

But Graham Vidler, chief executive of the body, warned the funding and cap extension would "not save every service in every part of the country".

The trade association has repeatedly claimed that up to 15% of services could be scrapped without further funding for the sector. It has said if the government is "really serious" about levelling up, then ministers need to "back our buses for the long term".

Travel is one of the main costs to come out of household budgets, which have been squeezed in recent months by the rise in fuel, food and energy prices.

Prices for all goods are rising and inflation, which is the rate at which prices go up, is at 10.1%, meaning items are more than 10% more expensive than they were a year ago on average.

Norman Baker, of the Campaign for Better Transport, urged the government to advertise the bus fare cap to attract people who do not usually use buses in order to grow passenger numbers.

"The huge success of the scheme proves that by making public transport more affordable, more people will use it and revenue can be increased," he added.

Some of the longest routes which the cap applies to include:

Some people have gone viral on social media after travelling up and down the UK using £2 bus tickets.

Extending the current cap until the end of October and then subsiding fares at £2.50 until November 2024 will cost £200m, the government said.

As well as releasing cash to keep the cap in place, the Department for Transport said it would provide £300m to councils and operators until 2025 to protect routes that passengers rely on for work, education and medical appointments, and to improve infrastructure.

Are you a user of buses and will benefit from this cap being extended?

The government said continuing to cap fares would particularly benefit people on lower incomes who it said take three times as many bus trips than those on higher incomes.

Transport Secretary Mark Harper said the reason for extending the scheme was due to bus travel being "the most popular form of public transport", with millions of people relying on them.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak added: "By extending the £2 fare cap, we're making sure bus travel remains accessible and affordable for everyone, while helping to ease cost of living pressures."

The government said to help support the bus industry, it has provided more than £2bn in funding to recover from the pandemic.

In 2021, ministers published a National Bus Strategy, involving hundreds of miles of new bus lanes and price caps on tickets which would make buses cheaper and easier to use.

But the Transport committee of MPs, whose job is to scrutinise the Department for Transport, said in a report released in March that while many of the strategy's ideas "were on the right track", progress in implementing them had "sometimes been too slow, and in some cases, too piecemeal".

It said without further rounds of funding for councils and bus companies, the plans would "barely scratch the surface".

The home of Ms Sturgeon and Mr Murrell was searched for two days at the start of March

Police had to wait two weeks before they were given permission to raid the home of Nicola Sturgeon and her husband Peter Murrell, it has emerged.

The Crown Office was told on 20 March that Police Scotland wanted a search warrant.

It was not until 3 April - a week after the SNP leadership contest ended - that the application for a warrant was approved by a sheriff.

Officers searched the home of the former first minister two days later.

Details were released by Police Scotland in response to a Freedom of Information Request (FOI) by the Scottish Conservatives that was first reported by the Scottish Sun.

Sources close to the inquiry have denied that there was an undue delay.

But opposition parties said the revelation would "raise eyebrows" and questioned the role of Lord Advocate Dorothy Bain KC, who heads the Crown Office but is also a Scottish government minister.

Ms Bain did not answer when she was asked by Sky News whether the warrant had been deliberately delayed.

A spokesman for the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service said: "In all matters, Scotland's prosecutors act independently of political pressure or interference."It is standard that any case regarding politicians is dealt with by prosecutors without the involvement of the Lord Advocate or Solicitor General."

BBC Scotland understands that a draft search warrant was submitted by the police which the fiscal then discussed with officers before its contents were finalised.

The warrant, which is reported to have included a long list of items the police wanted to seize, was then signed by a sheriff on the same day it was finished.

Mr Murrell, who had quit as the SNP's chief executive on 18 March, was arrested when officers investigating the party's finances arrived at the Glasgow home he shares with Ms Sturgeon early on the morning of 5 April.

Several boxes of evidence were removed from the SNP's headquarters in Edinburgh

Police spent two days searching the house, with several boxes of evidence being removed. Mr Murrell was released without charge pending further investigations.

The SNP's headquarters in Edinburgh was also searched on 5 April and a luxury motorhome that sells for about £110,000 was seized from outside the home of Mr Murrell's mother in Dunfermline.

Colin Beattie, who was the party's treasurer at the time, was arrested on 18 April before also being released without charge while further inquiries were carried out. He subsequently quit as treasurer.

The contest to succeed Ms Sturgeon as SNP leader and Scotland's first minister had ended on 27 March when Humza Yousaf, who was the party hierarchy's preferred candidate, narrowly defeated Kate Forbes.

Newspaper reports earlier this year claimed that some people within Police Scotland were frustrated by the direction they were being given by the Crown Office on the SNP investigation.

Scottish Conservative MSP Russell Findlay told BBC Scotland: "There has been this continual sense of something not feeling quite right and of some frustration being expressed not by journalists, not by politicians, but by police officers and this latest revelation perhaps only feeds into that sense.

"From what I understand the Crown Office is suggesting this was perfectly regular and routine, but the entire investigation is so sensitive and is subject to a huge amount of speculation and the more transparency there is around it the better."

Mr Findlay said the case also raised "fundamental questions" about the role of the Lord Advocate, who heads the independent prosecution service while also sitting as a minister in Scottish government cabinet meetings.

He added: "It doesn't feel appropriate. And that separation needs to happen."

Jackie Baillie, the deputy leader of Scottish Labour, said the two-week delay was a "very interesting revelation that will lead to raised eyebrows across Scotland".

She added: "While I accept that the Lord Advocate may not have had a direct influence on the timing, this story underlines why we need to have a serious discussion about separating the role of the Lord Advocate to ensure that no perception of conflict of interest can ever occur."

Alba MP Kenny MacAskill, who served as justice secretary in the SNP government led by Alex Salmond, called for a judge-led inquiry into the Crown Office's role in the granting of the warrant to search Ms Sturgeon's house and the SNP HQ.

He said this would "reassure the public that the decisions taken by the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service have not been influenced by political considerations".

Privately, prosecutors and police are deeply frustrated by the latest headlines and vehemently deny that the SNP's leadership contest played any part in the timing of the searches.

Some legal figures describe the two-week process to secure search warrants as unusually long.

A senior lawyer who has worked with the Crown Office in the past said: "It all depends on why it took two weeks. If it was for operational reasons, there's nothing wrong with that.

"If it was for further inquiries, there's nothing wrong with that. If it was for political reasons, to delay things, there's a lot wrong with that."

One source close to the inquiry said: "The concept that there was a delay is misplaced. The decision was taken by a procurator fiscal with no political affiliation."

Given the apparent complexity of the investigation and the fact that the stakes are so high, it would be astonishing if prosecutors were not taking their time and the greatest of care.

Inevitably, in something like this, it's a case of "damned if they do, damned if they don't".

Police launched their Operation Branchform investigation almost two years ago after receiving complaints about how a total of £666,953 donated to the SNP by activists was used.

The party pledged to spend the funds on a future independence referendum. Questions were raised after its accounts showed it had just under £97,000 in the bank at the end of 2019, and total net assets of about £272,000.

Last year it emerged Mr Murrell gave a loan of more than £100,000 to the SNP to help it out with a "cash flow" issue after the last election.

The party had repaid about half of the money by October of that year. It still owes money to its former chief executive, but has not said how much.

Ms Sturgeon has previously said the police investigation played no part in her decision to announce on 15 February that she was standing down as SNP leader and first minister.

She also said the first she knew that the police wanted to search her home and arrest her husband was when detectives arrived on her doorstep.

She added: "There are many questions that I would want to be able to answer and in the fullness of time I hope I will answer, but it would be wrong and inappropriate for me to go into any detail of what the police are currently investigating."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Video shows the moment four Americans were kidnapped in Mexico

Four Americans were kidnapped by armed men last week soon after crossing into the Mexican border city of Matamoros. Two of them were killed and two survived the ordeal.

For now, the Mexican government remains tight-lipped about the motive for the attack. However, the attorney general's office in the state of Tamaulipas said the theory that this was a case of mistaken identity was "strengthening".

Officials wouldn't comment on two specific suggestions - that a drug gang had confused them either for US-based rivals, Haitian drug gang members or people smugglers. But they said there were multiple and "diverse" lines of investigation, and that none was being ruled out at this stage.

Matamoros is caught between warring factions of the Gulf Cartel, as they battle for control of the so-called plazas - the drug smuggling routes north into the US.

Apparently unwitting, the group of friends from North Carolina drove their minivan straight into that maelstrom. Their ordeal lasted for four days.

As the US citizens were being moved between safehouses to prevent detection, the US Embassy issued a statement demanding their immediate release. For any Mexican cartel - or even a common criminal gang operating along the border - that will have spelt trouble.

The armed gang will have understood immediately that the full force of a joint operation by US and Mexican federal law enforcement was going to be turned in their direction. Had the motive been ransom, as is so often the case in Mexico, they will have realised it was now very unlikely to be paid.

Far easier, then, to simply turn the Americans over and deflect some of the intense heat bearing down on their gang.

"My guess is that's the most reasonable explanation for what happened," says Mexican drug war analyst, Alejandro Hope. "They might have had connections or contacts with local police and they just told their contacts where their safehouse was."

Kidnappings in Mexico are disturbingly common. Last year, Mexico reached the horrific figure of 100,000 people disappeared or missing in the country. Most kidnappings are carried out with complete impunity, particularly in the case of undocumented immigrants travelling north to the US.

In comparison, this case was resolved incredibly quickly. Some Mexicans voiced frustration on social media at the speed with which such crimes are resolved when foreigners are involved.

"In under a week. And the thousands and thousands of kidnapped Mexicans?" wrote one Twitter user.

"That's not untrue," says Mr Hope. "Mexican institutions have a limited set of capabilities. But if they focus those capabilities on specific cases, yes, they can solve them."

"It's about visibility and political impact," he says.

Clearly, in this instance, the political will in Mexico to find a solution couldn't have been higher.

US Ambassador Ken Salazar met Mexican President Andrés Manuel López Obrador to discuss the matter, and said the US State Department had "no greater priority" than the well-being of its citizens abroad.

The case was brought to an end within 24 hours.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Mexico missing: 'If I find a body, I recover a piece of my son'

UK Prime Minister Rishi Sunak and President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen have announced a new deal, aimed at fixing post-Brexit problems in Northern Ireland.

The full details of their agreement have been published.

Here is what we know about the agreement, named the Windsor Framework:

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

People are making desperate attempts to flee Sudan after more than a week of fighting there, the Red Cross says.

The situation was now "untenable" for civilians left without food or water, and some hospitals had stopped working, spokeswoman Alyona Synenko said.

Convoys leaving the capital Khartoum had encountered robbery and looting, US Secretary of State Antony Blinken said.

People getting out of Khartoum spoke of corpses left lying on the street.

"We saw bodies everywhere - there's no security whatsoever so nobody dares go collect them - but there's utter destruction too. Everything is just devastated," Italian NGO boss Stefano Rebora told the BBC.

South African diplomat Clayson Monyela said all routes out of Khartoum - a city of six million people - were "risky and dangerous".

"The airport remains closed, the fighting continues," he told the BBC. He reiterated a call for a ceasefire to allow people to leave, and aid to enter.

Sudan was suffering an "internet blackout" with connectivity at 2% of ordinary levels, monitoring group NetBlocks said on Monday. In Khartoum, the internet has been down since Sunday night.

Meanwhile, water and electricity have been restored to some parts of the capital, but not all of them.

One Nigerian student told the BBC: "The taps are outside in the street and that's the scary part - sometimes we are going out to get water but there is shooting or explosions going on, so we just have to run there and get the water and come back."

Numerous countries have evacuated their civilians - and thousands of other people have made risky escapes.

Many of those who have left Khartoum have headed to other parts of the country where they have family ties - leaving parts of the city centre completely deserted.

Others have gone north to Egypt by bus, or headed south.

Officials in neighbouring South Sudan said the roughly 10,000 refugees who had arrived in recent days came from Eritrea, Kenya and Uganda - as well as from Sudan and South Sudan themselves.

Multiple countries have stepped up efforts to evacuate diplomats and civilians from Khartoum.

By Monday about 1,100 European Union citizens had been taken out of Sudan, an EU diplomatic source told the BBC. The bloc believed about 1,700 EU citizens had been in Sudan when the fighting began.

The US said it had airlifted fewer than 100 people by helicopter on Sunday in a "fast and clean" operation. The American embassy in Khartoum is now closed, and a tweet on its official feed says it is not safe for the government to evacuate private US citizens.

The UK government airlifted British diplomats and their families out of the country. Foreign Minister James Cleverly said options to evacuate remaining Britons were "severely limited". Canada has evacuated its diplomatic staff.

Turkey - a key player in Sudan - began evacuation efforts by road from the southern city of Wad Medani on Sunday, but plans from one site in Khartoum were postponed after a nearby explosion.

More than 150 people - mostly citizens of Gulf countries, as well as Egypt, Pakistan and Canada - were evacuated by sea to Saudi Arabia.

Long lines of UN vehicles and buses were seen leaving Khartoum on Sunday, heading east towards Port Sudan on the Red Sea and carrying "citizens from all over the world", a Sierra Leonean evacuee told AFP news agency.

However many foreign students from Africa, Asia and the Middle East are among the foreigners still trapped in Khartoum.

The western region of Darfur - where the RSF first emerged - has also been badly affected by the fighting.

The UN has warned that up to 20,000 people - mostly women and children - have fled Sudan to seek safety in Chad, across the border from Darfur.

However in other parts of the country, some semblance of normalcy has emerged.

In Omdurman, across the Nile from Khartoum, there has been less gunfire and explosions than in previous days, possibly to allow civilians to leave. Heavy fighting outside the army headquarters has stopped.

As a result, for the first time since hostilities broke out more than a week ago, women and children have been out on the streets, visiting neighbours and going to markets, which still have some basic supplies such as oil and wheat. There are long queues outside the few bakeries that remain open.

More than 400 people have died in the conflict, and thousands have been injured, according to the latest tally from the World Health Organization. But it is feared the true toll is much higher.

Several ceasefires that seemed to have been agreed were subsequently ignored - including a three-day pause to mark the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Fitr, which started on Friday.

The UN's World Food Programme says the fighting could plunge millions more Sudanese into hunger in a country where a third of the population already struggles to get enough to eat.

Kevin Spacey arrives at Southwark Court in London for the third day of his trial

Actor Kevin Spacey kissed a man twice and grabbed his crotch while telling his alleged victim to "be cool", a court in London has heard.

The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, alleges he was approached by the actor after he accidentally let his dog out.

His police interview was played to jurors at Southwark Crown Court during the third day of Mr Spacey's trial.

The American actor is facing 12 charges, all of which he denies.

The accuser told police in the recording that he was working in a pub at the time when the actor came in with a small dog.

He said Mr Spacey sat by the sofa area and introduced himself.

The man later told the actor that there were "very limited" things to do in the area where they were and that he was meeting some friends at another pub after he finished work.

The man told the detective that Mr Spacey replied: "Cool, I might see you down there".

When the man got to the other pub, he said he heard an American accent calling his name and looked up to see Mr Spacey.

The complainant then told the detective that he and others then went back to where Mr Spacey was staying for some drinks.

It was during the drinks that the complainant said he was looking for a coat in one of the cupboards, and remembered a "little dog" shooting out between his legs.

The man said he turned around, picked up the dog and put the animal back in the room.

It was then he alleged that the actor came towards him in a "huggy motion".

"We did an awkward man-hug... he hugged me, I did a sort of pat on the back type of thing.

"At that point he kissed my neck twice and grabbed my crotch. He said the words 'be cool, be cool' twice.

"I put my arm between us and pushed him against a wall. I said 'I am sorry, I don't bat for that team'."

He said Mr Spacey had a "panicked" look on his face and left the room.

The complainant said he then stood "momentarily for a couple of seconds almost in disbelief that that happened".

He left the property, and rang his father in a "bit of a panicky state".

In the police interview he told the detective he remembers thinking his father wouldn't believe him because it was April Fool's Day.

When asked by the detective how the alleged incident made him feel, the man replied: "It was unwanted. It shook me up."

Recalling when Mr Spacey had met him and his friends at the pub, he told police the star joined his group and began drinking double Jack Daniels and colas while he had pints of Guinness.

The man said the actor became "quite open" with them, but began touching the legs of members of the group.

He said: "There were a few moments where he had put his hand on your back, (or) pat you on the back, or put his hand on your knee or something.

"It was not anything that we thought too much about, just sort of moved to the side or moved his hands away."

Mr Spacey then allegedly told the group and others: "If you want to carry on the party I have got drink, wine and beer back at the house and a few spliffs."

Mr Spacey is accused of one charge of sexual assault in relation to this complainant, which the actor denies.

In January, Mr Spacey - who is referred to in court proceedings by his full name, Kevin Spacey Fowler - pleaded not guilty to three counts of indecent assault, three counts of sexual assault and one count of causing a person to engage in sexual activity without consent.

He also previously denied four further charges of sexual assault and one count of causing a person to engage in penetrative sexual activity without consent.

It is these 12 charges which Mr Spacey is currently on trial for, brought by four men stretching from 2001 to 2013.

All four accusers are entitled to lifelong anonymity under the law.

Damien Green visited Barry in his childhood and swam in sewage

A senior Conservative MP said he swam in sewage when visiting south Wales as a child.

Ashford MP Damian Green, 67, said attitudes towards sewage spillages had changed in recent years.

Welsh Water released sewage into rivers, lakes and the sea for almost 600,000 hours last year.

England's water companies recently pledged £10bn after apologising for "not acting quickly enough".

"I'm not denying its a big issue but it always has been. I remember as a child in south Wales swimming in sewage.

"Jackson's Bay in Barry used to be a sewage outlet where we all went and paddled and swam - it was regarded as acceptable," Mr Green said on ITV's Peston.

According to Natural Resources Wales, Jackson's Bay's water quality dropped from good in 2019 to sufficient in 2020, where it has remained since.

Sufficient is one above the worst ranking of poor.

Welsh Water recently said it would spend £840m by 2025, followed by a further £1.4bn between 2024-2030 on work to tackle the problem and protect the environment.

Chief executive Peter Perry said last week that he and company chief finance director Mike Davies would not be taking their bonus this year after the firms sewage figures were released.

Jackson's Bay's water quality dropped from good to sufficient in 2020

Emma Clancy, chief executive of the Consumer Council for Water (CCW), said this could mark a "turning point in water companies taking ownership of tackling the challenges facing the sector".

But Josh Harries of Surfers Against Sewage, an environmental charity that campaigns to protect the ocean, said it was hard to believe water companies.

"Why should we trust them? They've overseen decades of mismanagement of our sewerage network with our rivers and seas paying the price.

"We need more robust regulation and strict enforcement to hold these companies to account."

The majority of sewers in Wales are "combined sewers" and carry both sewage and surface water from roofs and drains.

An overflow during heavy rain can lead to sewerage system becoming overwhelmed.

Strictly judge Motsi Mabuse wore a dress best seen during a strong gust of wind

A string of stars from the small screen walked the red carpet ahead of Sunday's Bafta TV Awards.

The ceremony, which recognises the best television programmes of 2022, is taking place at London's Royal Festival Hall.

Here are a few of the famous faces who posed for photographs ahead of the event, which is being hosted by comedians Rob Beckett and Romesh Ranganathan.

TV presenter Claudia Winkleman's outfit playfully referred to her hit reality competition series The Traitors

Left to right: Best leading actor nominees Cillian Murphy, Taron Egerton and winner Ben Whishaw

Billie Piper was nominated for her performance in I Hate Suzie Too

Am I Being Unreasonable? stars Lenny Rush, who won best male comedy performance, and Daisy May Cooper

Comedians Rob Beckett (left) and Romesh Ranganathan hosted the ceremony this year

British drag artist Danny Beard turned up in a dramatic black and white look

Michelle Visage (left) and Clara Amfo hosted the red carpet coverage ahead of the ceremony

David Harewood and Adrian Lester posed together on the red carpet

Strictly Come Dancing host Tess Daly (right) and the show's most recent champion Hamza Yassin

...while actors Martin Freeman and David Tennant added a splash of colour

Leading actress winner Kate Winslet with her daughter Mia Threapleton - who appeared together in I Am Ruth

Bad Sisters star Anne-Marie Duff, who won best supporting actress, and Radio 1 DJ Vick Hope

The Masked Singer presenter Joel Dommett walked the red carpet with his pregnant wife Hannah Cooper

Writer and actress Sharon Horgan, actor Damian Lewis, and musician Jax Jones, who is opening the ceremony

The Crown's Imelda Staunton and Sherwood's Lesley Manville are nominated for leading and supporting actress respectively

Newsreaders Clive Myrie, Krishnan Guru-Murthy and Huw Edwards, who were recognised in the news coverage categories

A Russian court has detained US citizen Michael Travis Leake, a musician and former paratrooper, on drug charges.

Moscow's Khamovnichesky court claimed that Mr Leake had "organised the sale of drugs to young people", AFP reported. He denies the charges.

Russian state television broadcast footage from Mr Leake's trial that showed him locked in a metal cage.

In a separate video shared online, he said he "didn't know" why he was detained.

Appearing confused, he said he did not believe he had done what he was accused of, because he did not know what the charges were.

A spokesperson for the US State Department said embassy staff had attended Mr Leake's court hearing on Saturday, 10 June.

The department was closely monitoring the case, the spokesperson added.

He will be held in custody until 6 August, pending a possible trial, AFP reported.

Mr Leake is at least the third American detained in Russia in recent years amid heightened tensions between Washington and Moscow.

A musician and music producer reported to have lived in Russia for many years, Mr Leake was a member of Lovi Noch, an "American fronted rock band" based in Moscow.

US media outlet CNN reported that he appeared on the travel show Parts Unknown - hosted by the late chef Anthony Bourdain - for an episode in 2014 that was filmed in Moscow and St Petersburg.

Darya Tarasova, who produced the episode, told CNN that Mr Leake was a "showman" who was "very articulate" and who "loved Russia". He often worked with local rock bands, Ms Tarasova said.

Russian local media had earlier reported his arrest at his flat in Moscow.

US officials have previously accused Russia of deliberately targeting American citizens for arrest.

In March, Russian authorities arrested US journalist Evan Gershkovich, a correspondent for the Wall Street Journal, on espionage charges. He remains in pre-trial detention.

Late last year, American basketball player Brittney Griner, who was jailed in Russia on drugs charges, was released in a prisoner swap for the Russian arms dealer Viktor Bout.

US marine Paul Whelan is serving a 16-year prison sentence on "spying" charges - he was sentenced before Russia's invasion of Ukraine, which has weakened relations between US and Russia.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Three takeaways from Trump's day in court

Donald Trump's day in court was dramatic and historic - but what we learned about the criminal charges he faces seems unlikely to change minds.

Just over two weeks ago, the former US president predicted he was soon to be charged by prosecutors in New York City. Speculation abounded, as everyone, including Mr Trump, waited to find out what was in the indictment.

It turned out, however, that the outlines of the case against him had already been widely discussed.

The 34-count indictment targeted the hush money payment to adult film star Stormy Daniels. There were no charges of criminal conspiracy. There were no new crimes unearthed by the grand jury that remained hidden until the indictment was concealed. There was no expansive case.

The cards were already on the table when Mr Trump woke up in Manhattan on Tuesday. The case is what we thought it was, even if some of the evidence of what prosecutors allege was a pattern of election influence was new.

This suggests that the battle lines that had been forming over the past few days will only harden as the case proceeds toward trial. Republicans, who had been fairly united in their defence of Mr Trump since he posted on social media that an indictment was looming, will stay unified.

Even Utah Senator Mitt Romney, who voted to convict Mr Trump in his two impeachment trials, released a statement saying that Mr Bragg "stretched to reach felony criminal charges in order to fit a political agenda".

"The prosecutor's overreach sets a dangerous precedent for criminalising political opponents and damages the public's faith in our justice system," he said.

Protesters gathered outside the courthouse for Donald Trump's arraignment

Democrats, at this point, may follow President Joe Biden's lead and keep silent about the case. They may prefer to avoid entanglement in a prosecution that at the moment could do more to rally the Republican base than damage the former president's political standing.

Mr Trump appeared stony-faced during his brief on-camera appearances at the courthouse where he pleaded not guilty to the charges brought against him. But on his social media website, and in a slew of fundraising emails throughout the day, he seemed willing to press what he may perceive as his advantage.

It follows his repeated attacks on Mr Bragg and the New York City prosecution team - actions that prompted a warning from presiding Judge Juan Merchan against further inflammatory rhetoric.

Mr Trump has also questioned Mr Merchan's impartiality and called for the case to be moved out of Manhattan to Staten Island, where the jury pool could have more Trump supporters. His lawyers are also expected to file motions to get the charges dismissed before the case reaches trial.

While Mr Trump may be already be dismissing the case as terminally weak, his legal jeopardy, however, does not begin and end in New York. A federal special counsel and a Georgia district attorney are pursuing their own investigations into the former president, and they can now bring charges without the history-making burden Mr Bragg confronted.

The US has had high-profile national legal dramas. It's had high-stakes political campaigns. Now the American public has both at the same time - with the prospect of more to come. The months ahead promise to be a jarring mix of legal manoeuvrings, court appearances and campaign events, as the former president navigates these most unusual waters.

Perhaps, as America's first reality-show president, who has made a habit of upending political tradition and decorum for eight years and counting, such a spectacle should come as no surprise.

Judge Merchan prohibited television cameras from filming Mr Trump's arraignment in order to prevent what he feared would be a circus environment. But outside the courthouse, as the former president's supporters and critics traded shouts and waved signs in front of a crush of media, the circus was in full swing.

Police have found £60,000 worth of suspected cannabis after responding to a report of a woman being threatened in a flat in Belfast.

A 27-year-old man has been arrested over multiple offences including drug possession and making threats to kill.

Police received reports of disorderly behaviour in King Street at about 04:30 BST on Friday.

Two men were attempting to gain entry to flats by banging on the door and making threats to a woman inside.

Police said one of the men was arrested before a search of his flat led to the discovery of large quantities of suspected herbal cannabis.

Det Sgt McVeagh said: "The estimated value of the drugs is around £60,000. A large sum of money was also recovered."

The man was arrested on suspicion of several offences including possession of a Class A controlled drug; possession of a Class B drug; possession of a Class B controlled drug with intent to supply; possession of criminal property; attempted burglary; and making threats to kill.

He remains in custody assisting with enquiries.

The fire broke out during last summer's heatwave

A London Fire Brigade investigation has concluded the Wennington wildfire was likely to have started in a garden.

A large grass fire in the village in Havering, east London, tore through 17 houses during scorching temperatures in July last year.

While investigators were unable to determine the exact cause of the blaze, a large caravan was noted as an early area of where it began.

The brigade added it had not fully discounted that it was deliberate.

At about 13:00 BST on 17 July 2022, a neighbour saw white smoke coming from near a large willow tree in the garden, which turned into flames.

In total the fire spread across 40 hectares, damaging 17 houses, five garages, 12 stables, a car repair workshop and several vehicles, as well as numerous sheds and outbuildings.

The investigator wrote: "Having called the brigade, [the neighbour] attempted to stop the fire spreading using a hosepipe, however, this had little effect."

The conditions were "exceptionally hot and dry", the investigator added, which meant the flames could easily move along the marshland to the rear of the properties.

The fire scorched fields as well as destroying homes

At the time of the blaze, the fire brigade was also fighting numerous other blazes including a 30-pump fire in Upminster.

The investigator said the brigade, which had a station less than 100m (328ft) from the site where the fire started, would have sent more than 15 pumps were it not for the "unprecedented conditions".

Havering Council leader Ray Morgon said: "Whilst the report does not provide a definite conclusion on the cause of the fire, one thing we can conclude from the findings and guidance is that fire safety is everyone's responsibility.

"As we enter the summer months and the likelihood of higher temperatures it is up to us all to take measures to prevent this type of horrific incident from happening again."

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

At least nine people have died in a new wave of strikes across Ukraine in which Russia used powerful weapons, including rare hypersonic missiles.

Russia had reportedly not fired Kinzhal hypersonic missiles - which can evade air defences - since the early months of the conflict.

The latest barrage was the most severe to hit Ukraine for weeks.

It cut power to the Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant - Europe's biggest - although it was later restored.

On Thursday Russian defence ministry spokesman Igor Konashenkov said: "High-precision long-range air, sea and land-based weapons, including the Kinzhal hypersonic missile system, hit key elements of Ukraine's military infrastructure."

It was the biggest day of Russian strikes on Ukraine since the end of January,

The Ukrainian military claimed it had successfully shot down 34 cruise missiles and four Iranian-made Shahed drones.

But it also said it had been unable to intercept the six Kinzhal ballistic missiles - nor was it able to destroy older weapons, such as Kh-22 anti-ship missiles and S-300 anti-aircraft missiles.

"This was a major attack and for the first time with so many different types of missiles," the Reuters news agency quoted a Ukrainian air force spokesperson as saying. "It was like never before."

President Vladimir Putin has highlighted Russia's investment in ballistic hypersonic missiles, which can travel at more than five times the speed of sound.

Nuclear energy operator Energoatom said the strike at the Zaporizhzhia plant had cut off the link between the facility and the Ukrainian power system.

For the sixth time since it was taken over by Russia a year ago, the facility operated on diesel generators until the link was restored later on Thursday.

Electricity is needed for cooling radioactive material present at the plant.

"Today's loss of all external power once again demonstrated how fragile and dangerous the situation is for the Zaporizhzhya Nuclear Power Plant," said Rafael Grossi, the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).

Earlier on Thursday he had called for an international commitment to protect the plant, following a series of strikes since the invasion began.

"Each time we are rolling a dice. And if we allow this to continue time after time then one day our luck will run out," Mr Grossi said.

In the capital Kyiv, emergency services attended the scenes of blasts in western and southern districts.

A missile also hit an energy facility in the port city of Odesa, triggering power cuts, its governor Maksym Marchenko said. Residential areas were also hit but no casualties were reported.

Elsewhere, Ukraine's military says it has pushed back intense Russian attacks on the embattled eastern city of Bakhmut despite Russian forces claiming to have taken control of its eastern half.

Moscow has been trying to take Bakhmut for months, as both sides suffer heavy losses in a grinding war of attrition.

"The enemy continued its attacks and has shown no sign of a let-up in storming the city of Bakhmut," the general staff of the Ukrainian armed forces said. "Our defenders repelled attacks on Bakhmut and on surrounding communities."

Between 20,000 and 30,000 Russian troops have been killed or wounded in the battle for the Ukrainian city of Bakhmut since it began last summer, Western officials say. The figures cannot be verified independently.

PMDD (Premenstrual Dysphoric Disorder) is an extreme form of premenstrual syndrome (PMS) where women can fall into severe depression, anxiety, suicidal thoughts and feelings of being out of control in the run up to their period.

Treatments can include hormone treatments and, in rare cases and if recommended by a doctor, the removal of the ovaries.

It affects an estimated 1 in 20 women of reproductive age and last year was recognised by the World Health Organization.

As part of BBC Research, around 4,000 women shared their experiences of the condition.

If you've been affected by any issues raised in this piece, visit BBC Action Line.

US President Joe Biden is expected to give an address at Ulster University's newly opened Belfast campus on Wednesday

US President Joe Biden will give a key address at Ulster University's newly opened Belfast campus next week, it has been confirmed.

He is visiting NI and the Republic of Ireland to mark the 25th anniversary of the Good Friday Agreement.

His speech at UU's £350m campus, understood to be his sole NI engagement, will take place on Wednesday.

He is expected to leave Northern Ireland that afternoon.

Mr Biden will also attend engagements in Dublin, County Louth, and County Mayo during his four-day visit.

Announcing the Belfast speech, UU vice-chancellor and president Prof Paul Bartholomew said the university was "looking forward to what will be a very special day in [its] history and to hosting President Biden on his first visit to Northern Ireland since becoming president".

The university's Belfast campus, which opened last autumn, "truly reflects the hope and promise" of the Good Friday Agreement "and our aspirations for a positive, prosperous, and sustainable future for everyone", he added.

It is believed Prime Minister Rishi Sunak will also be in Northern Ireland for Mr Biden's visit.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak is expected to be in Belfast for US President Joe Biden's visit

On Saturday Louth County Council confirmed Mr Biden will visit both Dundalk and Carlingford, close to the border with Northern Ireland.

Irish broadcaster RTÉ has reported his visit to the Republic of Ireland may include government receptions at Farmleigh House and Dublin Castle.

It is also believed the US president will attend the Irish presidential residence, Áras an Uachtaráin, to meet Michael D Higgins.

White House spokesperson John Kirby said Mr Biden was expected to address the Oireachtas (Irish parliament) on Thursday.

He will become the fourth US president to do so, following John F Kennedy on 28 June 1963, Ronald Reagan on 4 June 1984 and Bill Clinton on 1 December 1995.

It has also been confirmed that Mr Biden will be in County Mayo on Friday, where he will speak at an event outside St Muredach's Cathedral, Ballina.

Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Leo Varadkar said he was "delighted" Mr Biden would be visiting Ireland.

"When we spoke recently in the White House, President Biden was clear that in celebrating the Good Friday Agreement, we should be looking ahead, not backwards," he said.

The involvement of the United States and of Mr Biden personally had been "essential to the peace process in Ireland", he added.

Irish President Michael D Higgins and his wife Sabina. It is understood Joe Biden will visit the Irish presidential residence, Áras an Uachtaráin, next week

BBC News NI understands Joe Kennedy III, the US special envoy for Northern Ireland, will accompany President Biden on his visit.

It will be his first trip to Northern Ireland since taking up the post of special envoy in December.

Mr Kennedy will stay in Northern Ireland for several days after President Biden travels to the Republic of Ireland, it is understood.

On Thursday Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) Asst Ch Constable Chris Todd said the visit would require a security operation on a scale not seen in Northern Ireland since the G8 summit in 2013.

Junior doctors in England are to stage a four-day strike in August - their fifth strike in this pay dispute.

The walkout will start at 07:00 BST on Friday 11 August and end on 07:00 on Tuesday 15 August.

The British Medical Association has asked for a 35% pay rise to restore pay to 2008 levels after a series of below-inflation pay rises.

The government is giving them 6% this year plus £1,250, bringing the increase to nearly 9% on average.

Ministers have said that is the final settlement and there will be no more talks.

In a statement, BMA junior doctor committee co-chairs Dr Robert Laurenson and Dr Vivek Trivedi said: "Our message today remains the same - act like a responsible government, come to the table to negotiate with us in good faith, and with a credible offer these strikes need not go ahead at all."

"It is not for Rishi Sunak to decide that negotiations are over before he has even stepped in the room," they added.

"This dispute will end only at the negotiating table. If the PM was hoping to demoralise and divide our profession with his actions, he will be disappointed."

How will you be affected by the junior doctors strikes in August? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.
• None Why are doctors demanding the biggest pay rise?

Madonna, pictured in 2016, was due to tour the world over a seven-month period

Madonna has been discharged from hospital and is home and feeling better after an intensive care stay, the BBC understands.

News of her ill health was shared by her manager, who said she had suffered a "serious bacterial infection".

The 64-year-old was due to begin a seven-month world tour in the coming weeks, but has had to postpone it.

She was taken to her New York home in a private ambulance, a source told CNN, adding: "She's in the clear."

Madonna, who is very private about health matters, was in the final stages of rehearsals ahead of her extensive world tour.

The Celebration tour was due to begin in Canada in two weeks' time, before visiting 45 cities across the world.

It was due to be her 12th tour, marking 40 years of involvement in the music industry.

American magazine Forbes lists her as the 45th richest self-made woman in the US with an estimated wealth of $580m (£460m) and says she has earned an estimated $1.2bn from tours.

Her tour was due to mark 40 years in the music industry

The singer has received thousands of messages of support online since a statement on her health was made by manager Guy Oseary on Wednesday.

Details of whether the tour will still go ahead are yet to be announced, with Oseary saying: "At this time we need to pause all commitments, which includes the tour,"

"We will share more details with you as soon as we have them, including a new start date for the tour and for rescheduled shows."

Oseary also said in his statement that he expected the singer to make "a full recovery".

It's not clear what initially caused Madonna's bacteria infection, but doctors say it became extremely serious and required treatment in intensive care.

Infections can develop into a life-threatening condition called sepsis or blood poisoning.

It is a medical emergency and happens when the body develops an extreme reaction to the infection.

Without the right treatment it can lead to tissue damage, organ failure and even death.

Most often, the initial infection that triggers these events starts in the lungs, skin, urinary system or digestive tract.

Sepsis can happen to anyone with an infection, but it is more likely if someone is already run down, vulnerable or unwell.

Abel Tesfaye, formally known as The Weeknd, sent good wishes to Madonna

Well wishes have come for the singer from The Weeknd, real name Abel Tesfaye, who said he was "sending prayers" and from Desperately Seeking Susan co-star Rosanna Arquette, who wrote that she was sending "love and good light vibrations" for recovery.

Game of Thrones star Gwendoline Christie also sent good wishes, along with Oscar-nominated filmmaker Ava DuVernay, singer and songwriter Ryan Tedder, musician Jon Batiste, blogger Perez Hilton and model and actress Amber Valetta.

Ru Paul's Drag Race judge Michelle Visage added: "Take good care of our queen", whilst Wedding Crashers star Isla Fisher added: "Sending her so much love".

Rita Wilson, the producer, actress and singer, also wrote: "Sending Madonna my prayers for a speedy recovery".

Actors Evan Rachel Wood, Rosie Perez, Isla Fisher and Zooey Deschanel also posted their support and sent their love.

Madonna at the Grammys in February 2023

In announcing the tour back in January, Madonna told fans: "I am excited to explore as many songs as possible in hopes to give my fans the show they have been waiting for."

Madonna's greatest hits span several decades - including Into The Groove (1985), Like A Prayer (1989), to Vogue (1990) and Hung Up (2005) to name a few.

It is likely that Madonna - who is intensely private about health matters - was in the final stages of a rehearsal regime in preparation for the tour.

In 2009, she was awarded a Guinness World Record for the highest-grossing music tour by a female artist after completing her Sticky & Sweet Tour.

American magazine as the 45th richest self-made woman in the US with an estimated wealth of $580m (£460m) and says she has earned an estimated $1.2bn from tours.

She has six children. Last week, she posted to her 18.9m Instagram followers to congratulate her twin 10-year-old daughters for completing elementary school.

Madonna Louise Ciccone grew up in the city of Detroit, Michigan. In 1978, she moved to New York to pursue a career in dance and music.

Earlier this year, her older brother Anthony Ciccone died aged 66 after struggling with alcoholism and homelessness.

Some practical exams have taken place but written exams started on Monday

Scotland's qualification system needs a "radical" overhaul that better supports teachers and young people, the education secretary has said.

Jenny Gilruth was speaking as pupils across the country sat down for the first written exams of the 2023 diet.

This is the last year any modifications will be made to mitigate disruption caused by Covid.

Next year the Scottish Qualifications Authority (SQA) plans to set exams back to pre-pandemic norms.

Last month an interim report, commissioned by the Scottish government to examine the future of assessment in the nation's schools, said the current exam system was no longer fit for purpose.

A final version of the review, by Prof Louise Hayward, is set to be published next month.

Ms Gilruth told BBC Radio's Good Morning Scotland programme: "I think it is really important that what comes next, any incarnation in the future, must better support our teachers in our schools but it also must better support young people."

She also dismissed the suggestion that future reform would be anything more than a rebranding exercise.

Ms Gilruth added: "It needs to be radical.

"It needs to better support the profession and those in our schools."

Jenny Gilruth said the government must maintain a "relentless focus" on closing the attainment gap

Prof Hayward's report also proposed the introduction of a Scottish diploma of achievement - a qualification or graduation certificate that would provide evidence of pupils' achievements.

Ms Gilruth said there was a need to "future-proof our qualifications" and told the programme they may look "radically different" in the future.

She also said it was essential that pupils were assessed continuously throughout the academic year.

Meanwhile, Ms Gilruth denied the decision to pull out of international education league tables, which First Minister Humza Yousaf reversed last week, was designed to hide sliding performance.

The former teacher also said a "relentless focus" should be trained on closing the poverty-related attainment gap by 2026.

But Ms Gilruth added: "I am also mindful that schools have been dealing with, as I have alluded to, the impacts of Covid and the impacts of the cost of living crisis.

"That has been really challenging in our classrooms and we need to be really mindful of that in government too."

Reagan did extra work while the strikes were on but her mum Lucia was concerned about missing time at school

Parent groups said disruption from teacher strikes mean some young people are still feeling the pressure of catching up.

They, and unions, said extra support would still be needed for pupils who have only known disruption at high school.

S4 pupil Reagan is 16 and preparing to sit six National 5 exams. She hopes to study law at the University of Glasgow.

Living in Glasgow, her school was targeted for multiple strike days because it was in a prominent MSP's constituency.

She said: "The pandemic happened when I was in S1. It didn't affect me too much. But with the strikes it was quite hard on me and my friends.

"During our prelims, the teachers were on strike the day before so we couldn't really talk to them or go over anything we were worried about."

Her mum, Lucia told BBC Radio Scotland's Drivetime programme it was a concerning time: "I was very worried and we didn't know if it would affect her.

"When we knew the strikes were coming we tried to get her prepared from the teachers in advance."

Amy said she revised for her exams over the Easter holidays

Amy, 16, from Aberdeen, is also in S4 but felt the strikes did not affect her too much.

She told BBC Scotland: "I am a bit stressed but I worked hard over the Easter holidays so I feel prepared."

On the strikes, she said "I was stressed that I wouldn't be in school but I wrote questions down and then brought them in to school."

Patrick McGlinchey from parental engagement charity Connect, thinks support is still vital for the Covid generation.

"What we need now is a period of stability and balance - that is what parents are telling us - and that means additional support for young people through this period from national government and those national bodies."

Scotland's exam system is currently under review

Scotland is currently in the middle of a massive rethink of its education system.

Last year's OECD independent review led to the announcement that the SQA was to be replaced as part of an overhaul of education.

The report backed the curriculum as a whole but said there was too much focus on exams in later years of schooling.

Unions said they were wary of plunging young people into the "business-as-usual" SQA diet next year only to change the system again post-Hayward review.

The SSTA have threatened to boycott exams in 2024 if they go ahead in this form.

EIS chief Andrea Bradley said teachers had worked hard to prepare pupils despite striking in the lead-up to exams

Scotland's largest teaching union believes Covid modifications should remain and added supports the idea of less exams.

Andrea Bradley, general secretary of the EIS, said: "We should not be putting young people unnecessarily through exams on an annual basis.

"It does not leave the necessary time and space for depth and enjoyment of learning. It places too much stress on too many young people and really exacerbates workload issues for teachers.

"We think there is a much more considered way to do things that is much more fitting for education in the 21st century."

Ms Sturgeon attended a police interview by arrangement before being arrested

Former First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has been arrested in connection with the ongoing investigation into the funding and finances of the SNP.

Police confirmed a 52-year-old woman was taken into custody as a suspect and is being questioned by detectives.

It follows the arrest and subsequent release of her husband, ex-SNP chief executive Peter Murrell, in April.

A spokeswoman for Ms Sturgeon confirmed she had attended a police interview by arrangement on Sunday.

The former SNP leader, who stood down in March, was then arrested and questioned by officers who have been investigating for the past two years what happened to more than £600,000 of donations given to the party by independence activists.

The spokeswoman said: "Nicola Sturgeon has today, Sunday 11 June, by arrangement with Police Scotland, attended an interview where she was to be arrested and questioned in relation to Operation Branchform.

"Nicola has consistently said she would cooperate with the investigation if asked and continues to do so."

SNP MP Angus MacNeil has joined opposition parties in calling for Ms Sturgeon to be suspended from the party - arguing that "this soap-opera has gone far enough".

Officers searched Ms Sturgeon's home and the SNP's headquarters in Edinburgh on 5 April, with Mr Murrell being arrested before later being released without charge pending further investigation.

A luxury motorhome which sells for about £110,000 was also seized by police from outside the home of Mr Murrell's mother in Dunfermline.

Almost two weeks later, SNP treasurer Colin Beattie was also arrested and released without charge while further inquiries were carried out.

Ms Sturgeon, Mr Murrell and Mr Beattie were the three signatories on the SNP's accounts and the arrest of the former first minister had been widely expected - although there was no indication of when it was going to happen.

A forensic tent outside Nicola Sturgeon's house when it was searched in April

Under the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act 2016, police can release a suspect for further investigation, but they can be re-arrested at a later date.

A spokesman for the SNP said the party would not comment on Ms Sturgeon's arrest, adding: "These issues are subject to a live police investigation."

Ms Sturgeon served as Scotland's first minister for more than eight years after succeeding Alex Salmond in the wake of the independence referendum in 2014.

Nicola Sturgeon's arrest follows that of her husband Peter Murrell earlier this year

She announced on 15 February that she would be standing down as both SNP leader and first minister once a successor was elected, with Humza Yousaf winning the contest to replace her.

Ms Sturgeon said at the time that she knew "in my head and in my heart" that it was the right time to go, and has denied the timing was influenced by the ongoing police investigation.

She was Scotland's longest-serving first minister and the only woman to have held the position.

Scottish Conservative chairman Craig Hoy said the SNP was "engulfed in murkiness and chaos" and called on Mr Yousaf to suspend his predecessor from the party.

The SNP MP for Na h-Eileanan an Iar, Angus MacNeil, also called for Ms Sturgeon to be suspended, writing on Twitter: "This soap-opera has gone far enough, Nicola Sturgeon suspended others from the SNP for an awful lot less.

"Time for political distance until the investigation ends either way."

Labour's shadow Scottish Secretary, Ian Murray, described the developments as "deeply concerning" and said the police inquiry must be allowed to proceed without interference.

Police Scotland launched their Operation Branchform investigation two years ago after complaints were made about what happened to £666,954 that was donated to the SNP by activists for a future independence referendum campaign.

The party's later accounts showed it had just under £97,000 in the bank at the end of 2019, and total net assets of about £272,000.

Last year it emerged Mr Murrell gave a loan of more than £100,000 to the SNP to help it out with a "cash flow" issue after the last election.

The SNP had repaid about half of the loan by October of that year, but still owes money to Mr Murrell - although it has not said how much.

Police Scotland has been looking into SNP funding for some time.

Ms Sturgeon is the third high-profile arrest. Her husband - Peter Murrell - was previously arrested and released without charge. So was the party's former treasury Colin Beattie.

This is a live case, so there's a limit to what journalists can report.

But politically, there's no doubt this is a big blow to Scotland's governing party.

The new leader - Humza Yousaf - had been trying to move on from arrests and police probes, to talk about policy and his vision for government.

It's inevitable he'll now face days of questions about this arrest and what it means for the party.

Chancellor Jeremy Hunt says Britain's economy is "back", and that his strategy for growth has been welcomed at the International Monetary Fund meeting in Washington.

His predecessor, Kwasi Kwarteng, left the previous IMF meeting in October early, amid a barrage of criticism.

Mr Hunt said the international lending body saw he was "putting the British economy back on the right track".

However, the latest figures show the UK economy failed to grow in February.

On Wednesday, the IMF said it expected the UK economy to shrink by 0.3% in 2023, which would make it one of the worst performing of the world's major economies.

When challenged over whether the UK's current performance undermined his positive message, Mr Hunt said: "It's other finance ministers who are telling me Britain is back".

Britain's economy has only just recovered to the size it was prior to the pandemic, following months of industrial action, rapidly rising prices and labour shortages.

On Friday nurses in the RCN union rejected the offer of a 5% pay rise and said they planned to strike again at the start of May. Meanwhile, NHS junior doctors in England staged a four-day walkout over pay, which ended at 07:00 on Saturday.

The wave of industrial action affecting the UK in recent months has contributed to its lack of growth, the Office of National Statistics said this week.

However, Mr Hunt said it was important to avoid fuelling further inflation through pay rises. He said Britain had avoided recession this year "so far", and that he hoped to see faster growth and falling inflation in the months ahead.

Measures in his March Budget to help businesses recruit more staff and to increase investment, including an increase in childcare funding, should stimulate growth, he added.

Investor confidence in the UK was shaken last year during the short-lived government of prime minister Liz Truss, which saw Mr Kwarteng present an economic strategy that included major tax cuts without an explanation of how they would be funded.

The outlook for the UK, which relies heavily on financial services, could be clouded by current uncertainty in the banking sector, following the collapse of three US banks and UBS's emergency takeover of Credit Suisse.

However, Mr Hunt said the UK had "a very robust, resilient banking system", which was now in a much better position than it was before the 2008 financial crisis.

"Am I confident in the resilience of our banking system, the second largest financial services centre in the world?' Yes, I am," he said.

While the government is considering reforming some of the rules governing financial services, put in place after 2008, Mr Hunt said the plan was "absolutely not to unlearn the lessons of the financial crisis".

"We are looking at all of these things, but we're not going to do it in a way that rows back on any of the very important protections that we have in place," he said.

But he said the growth of the UK's tech and life sciences industries meant regulations needed to adapt.

"We have a lot of high growth companies in the UK, and they need to have banking services that suit their needs. And that's a difference from a decade ago," he said.

Charles and Prince Harry pictured together in 2019

King Charles tried to stop the Duke of Sussex taking legal action against newspapers over alleged phone-hacking, court papers claim.

In a witness statement, Prince Harry said he was "summoned to Buckingham Palace" and told to drop the cases because of the effect on the family.

The duke is suing the publisher of the Sun, News Group Newspapers, over alleged unlawful information-gathering.

But NGN wants to stop his claim, saying he has run out of time to bring it.

The case is one of three major cases that Prince Harry has made against tabloid newspapers, all alleging unlawful information-gathering. The other cases concern the Daily Mirror and Daily Mail groups.

Prince Harry accuses the Sun's journalists and private investigators working for them of illegal intrusion into his personal life, dating back to when he was a teenager.

In documents revealed at the High Court on Tuesday, Prince Harry claimed that Buckingham Palace and the newspaper group had struck a backroom deal - which is why he did not bring a claim earlier. He said he first became aware of the alleged deal in around 2012.

He said that under the deal, courtiers had secretly agreed that members of the Royal Family would put off legal claims, and the newspaper group promised to one day settle out-of-court, so as to spare the Royal Family embarrassment.

"The reason for this was to avoid the situation where a member of the Royal Family would have to sit in the witness box and recount the specific details of the private and highly-sensitive voicemails that had been intercepted."

Prince Harry said courtiers were "incredibly nervous" about a repeat of the damaging disclosure of an intimate phone call between his father and Camilla, the Queen Consort, which had been intercepted and published at a time when King Charles was still married to Diana.

NGN lawyers deny there was ever a secret agreement.

According to the court documents, Prince Harry said that by 2018 he had felt "frustrated that nothing had been resolved" and wanted to "force a resolution" to the phone-hacking claims.

He said Queen Elizabeth II supported an attempt to hold the publisher to its word and agree a settlement, and she gave consent for royal staff to email the newspaper group and raise the prospect of involving lawyers.

But when he ultimately decided to sue in 2019, Prince Harry claimed his father then tried to stop him.

"I was summoned to Buckingham Palace and specifically told to drop the legal actions because they have an 'effect on all the family'," said the duke.

"This was a direct request (or rather demand) from my father, Edward Young and my father's private secretary, Clive Alderton."

Prince Harry's court papers also claim that his brother, Prince William, was paid a "very large sum" by the owners of the Sun newspaper to settle his own historical phone-hacking claims.

The payment was made in 2020 - but the documents do not disclose the amount Prince William settled for and do not have the details of what it related to.

The Prince of Wales' spokesman said he would not comment on ongoing legal proceedings.

NGN has denied that any secret agreement existed, with Anthony Hudson KC saying the prince's claim was "flatly inconsistent" with other parts of his case and there was "extreme vagueness" surrounding the circumstances of the alleged deal.

He said Prince Harry had not said who made the agreement, who it applied to, when it was made, or a date when it was meant to expire.

The Sun's owners say the prince's claim for damages should be scrapped because he had run out of time - and are applying to end his case.

If they succeed in their application it could block a similar high-profile damages claim from the actor Hugh Grant.

Lawyers for Mr Grant are also opposing the newspaper's bid to end the case over this week's three-day hearing.

At the conclusion of the hearing the judge will determine whether their claims will progress to a trial, due to be heard in January next year.

Janet Yellen is the second senior Washington official to visit Beijing in as many months

US Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen has called on China to work with Washington to fight the "existential threat" of climate change.

Speaking on Saturday, she said the two countries - the largest greenhouse gas emitters - had a joint responsibility to lead the way on climate action.

She called on China to support the US-led Green Climate Fund.

Ms Yellen is on a four-day trip to Beijing in an attempt to boost relations between the two countries.

Chinese Vice Premier He Lifeng, who was among those to meet with Ms Yellen, said he regretted "unexpected incidents", such as the row over a spy balloon, had hurt ties with the United States.

There has been no formal co-operation between China and the US on climate change since the administration of former President Donald Trump.

And China briefly suspended climate talks entirely with the US last year after senior Democrat Nancy Pelosi visited Taiwan, which is self-ruled but Beijing sees as a breakaway province it will eventually unite with.

But in a sign that co-operation could soon resume, Ms Yellen called on China to work together with the US to fight climate change and mitigate the effects on poorer countries.

During the roundtable meeting in Beijing with finance experts, she called on China to support US-led institutions like the Green Climate Fund, which was set up to help developing nations adapt to climate change and lessen its effects.

"As the world's two largest emitters of greenhouse gases and the largest investors in renewable energy, we have both a joint responsibility - and ability - to lead the way," she said.

China is now the world's biggest investor in solar energy, and biggest producer of solar panels and wind turbines but saw its carbon dioxide emissions rise 4% in the first quarter of this year compared to 2022.

The US, meanwhile, has invested billions of dollars in recent years into initiatives aimed at tackling climate change but also saw its emissions rise slightly last year, according to the International Energy Agency.

While Ms Yellen wants China to join the US in funding the worldwide transition to renewables, the sticking point is China's insistence that it is still a developing country.

Beijing says it is up to the US and Europe to pay for the energy transition, because they have historically created most of the emissions.

Ms Yellen is the second senior Washington official to visit Beijing in the last two months. Her presence there is aimed at easing tensions and restoring ties between the world's two superpowers.

US Secretary of State Antony Blinken visited Beijing last month, making him the highest-ranking Washington official to visit the Chinese capital in almost half a decade. He met President Xi Jinping and foreign minister Qin Gang.

At the end of his trip, Mr Blinken said that while there were still major issues between the two countries, he hoped they would have "better communications, better engagement going forward."

However, the next day President Joe Biden referred to Mr Xi as a "dictator" - triggering outrage from Beijing.

In another sign the trade dispute between the two countries is far from being resolved, China this week announced it was tightening controls over exports of two materials crucial to producing computer chips.

From next month, special licences will be needed to export gallium and germanium from China, which is the world's biggest producer of the metals.

An amber heat health alert has come into force as some parts of the UK are forecast to hit 30C in the coming days.

The amber warning, which indicates high temperatures could affect all ages and impact the health service, is in place across eastern and southern England, as well as in the Midlands.

It will be 5C to 10C above normal June weather this weekend, say forecasters.

The alert, issued by the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA), was escalated from yellow to amber on Thursday.

Fire services have issued warnings about wildfires and urged people to be "vigilant" this weekend.

Thursday was the hottest day of the year so far, according to the Met Office.

Parts of south-east and north-east England, as well as the Midlands, are due to experience temperatures of 28C to 30C on Saturday, say BBC forecasters.

"Most areas will also notice an increase in how humid it is too, which will lead to some warm nights," said BBC meteorologist Matt Taylor, adding that there was a chance of "some sporadic torrential thunderstorms".

He said with "very dry ground" there was a risk of localised flooding where torrential downpours occur.

The temperatures this weekend will be a "big leap" for some eastern areas of the country where it has been cooler recently, added Mr Taylor.

He also noted that air quality would deteriorate over the weekend due to south-east winds coming off the continent.

The amber alert continues until 09:00 BST on Monday.

A less severe yellow alert, which advises people to check on vulnerable family and friends, is in place for the north of England and London.

A Met Office yellow warning for thunderstorms is also in place for all of Wales and large parts of southern England from 14:00 BST until 21:00 on Saturday. On Sunday, this warning is in place for most of the UK, including Northern Ireland, from 12:00 until 21:00.

This could mean disruption to travel, power cuts and some localised flooding from the heaviest showers.

During the period of hot weather, the UKHSA advises people to:

The UKHSA said it was difficult to predict the exact impact of the higher temperatures on the health service, but that there would be additional need from vulnerable groups who suffer in the heat.

This includes people over 65, those with respiratory or cardiovascular conditions and children.

How are the high temperatures affecting you? You can share your experiences via:

Andy Cole, assistant chief fire officer from Dorset and Wiltshire Fire Service, urged people to be "vigilant" this weekend and avoid using disposable barbecues or starting campfires.

There was a "record number" of wildfires last year, he said, adding that Dorset and Wiltshire saw a "roughly 400% increase" compared to the year before, with 911 recorded.

Speaking to BBC Radio 4's Today programme, Mr Cole said wildfires were "extremely dangerous" and could take a lot of resources from the fire service.

In the Peak District, the discovery of a large fire bowl - used for outdoor cooking - prompted park rangers to warn that fire pits, barbecues, and other heat sources pose a serious risk of causing a wildfire.

Last year fire services in England dealt with almost 25,000 wildfires during the summer, a four-fold increase on the same period in 2021.

Fire crews across the UK are being trained in new Mediterranean-style techniques, from southern Europe and the US, to tackle wildfires.

Climate change is making heatwaves in the UK more likely and more extreme.

Last year was the UK's warmest ever - Coningsby, in Lincolnshire, reached a record 40.3C on 19 July.

The UKHSA expects heatwaves are "likely to occur more often, be more intense and last longer in the years and decades ahead".

The new colour-coded alert system, launched last week, is run by the UKHSA and the Met Office and is aimed at reducing illness and deaths among the most vulnerable.

There is one further alert, not yet issued, representing the most serious risk. The red alert means there is a significant risk to life even for healthy people and a severe impact is likely across all sectors.

Individuals can sign up to receive alerts directly here, and people can specify which region they would like to receive alerts for.

Away from the spectacle of the courthouse in Manhattan, this quiet part of Virginia really loves Donald Trump. At a Donald Trump merch store, people have travelled from outside of the state to visit.

Jay rode up on his motorbike from North Carolina.

“I saw the store and wanted to stop," he says. "I’m an even bigger supporter of Trump today than I was yesterday... because of this stupid indictment, it’s just politically motivated."

When I put to him this was voted on by American citizens doing their civic duty, he dismisses it as stitch up by "liberals".

The indictment has clearly fired up Donald Trump’s core supporters - who he has always relied on.

Some are sharing memes showing a sleeping giant waking up. But the big question is: will it get him the votes he needs to win back the White House?

Bill, another biker, thinks people could be put off. “I don’t think the American people will vote for an indicted person.”

His friend Kevin disagrees: “I voted for Trump twice and will again. Honestly I wish the election was this November.”

It’s often asked is there a red line for Donald Trump’s most ardent supporters. It would seem even becoming the first president ever to be indicted in this way, has made them more entrenched not less.

Twitter has applied a temporary limit to the number of tweets users can read in a day, owner Elon Musk has said.

In a tweet of his own, Mr Musk said unverified accounts are now limited to reading 1,000 posts a day.

For new unverified accounts, the number is 500. Meanwhile, accounts with "verified" status are currently limited to 10,000 posts a day.

The tech billionaire initially set stricter limits, but he changed these within hours of announcing the move.

Mr Musk said the temporary limits were to address "extreme levels of data scraping and system manipulation".

He did not explain what was meant by system manipulation in this context.

"We were getting data pillaged so much that it was degrading service for normal users," Mr Musk explained on Friday, after users were presented with screens asking them to log in to view Twitter content.

The move was described as a "temporary emergency measure".

It is not totally clear what Mr Musk is referring to by data scraping, but it appears he means the scraping of large amounts of data used by artificial intelligence (AI) companies to train large language models, which power chatbots such as Open AI's ChatGPT and Google's Bard.

In simple terms, data scraping is the pulling of information from the internet. Large language models need to learn from masses of real human conversations. But the quality is vital to the success of a chatbot. Reddit and Twitter's huge trove of billions of posts are thought to be hugely important training data - and used by AI companies.

But platforms like Twitter and Reddit want to be paid for this data.

In April, Reddit's chief executive Steve Huffman told the New York Times that he was unhappy with what AI companies were doing.

"The Reddit corpus of data is really valuable," he said. "But we don't need to give all of that value to some of the largest companies in the world for free."

Twitter has already started charging users to access its application programming interface (API), which is often used by third party apps and researchers - which can include AI companies.

There are other potential reasons for the move too.

Mr Musk has been pushing people towards Twitter Blue, its paid subscription service. It's possible he is looking at a model where users will have to pay to get a full Twitter service - and access to unlimited posts.

Signalled by a blue tick, "verified" status was given for free by Twitter to high-profile accounts before Mr Musk took over as its boss. Now, most users have to pay a subscription fee from $8 (£6.30) per month to be verified, and can gain the status regardless of their profile.

According to the website Downdetector - which tracks online outages - a peak of 5,126 people reported problems accessing the platform in the UK at 16:12 BST on Saturday.

In the US, roughly 7,461 people reported glitches around the same time.

Initially, Mr Musk announced reading limits of 6,000 posts per day for verified accounts, 600 for unverified accounts, and 300 for new unverified accounts.

In another update Mr Musk said "several hundred organisations (maybe more) were scraping Twitter data extremely aggressively".

He later indicated there had been a burden on his website, saying it was "rather galling to have to bring large numbers of servers online on an emergency basis".

A server is a powerful computer that manages and stores files, providing services such as web pages for users.

Adam Leon Smith from BCS, the UK's professional body for IT, said the move was "very odd" as limiting users' scroll time would affect the company's advertising revenue.

Mr Musk bought the company last year for $44bn (£35bn) after much back and forth. He was critical of Twitter's previous management and said he did not want the platform to become an echo chamber.

Soon after taking over, he cut the workforce from just under 8,000 staff to about 1,500.

In an interview with the BBC, he said that cutting the workforce had not been easy.

Engineers were included in the layoffs and their exit raised concerns about the platform's stability.

But while Mr Musk acknowledged some glitches, he told the BBC in April that outages had not lasted very long and the site was working fine.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. It would be strange for me to name dates but we are ready for counter-offensive, says Mr Danilov

Ukraine is ready to launch its long-expected counter-offensive against Russian forces, one of the country's most senior security officials has told the BBC.

Oleksiy Danilov would not name a date but said an assault to retake territory from President Vladimir Putin's occupying forces could begin "tomorrow, the day after tomorrow or in a week".

He warned that Ukraine's government had "no right to make a mistake" on the decision because this was an "historic opportunity" that "we cannot lose".

As secretary of the National Security and Defence Council of Ukraine, Mr Danilov is at the heart of President Volodymyr Zelensky's de facto war cabinet.

His rare interview with the BBC was interrupted by a phone message from President Zelensky summoning him to a meeting to discuss the counter-offensive.

During the interview, he also confirmed that some Wagner mercenary forces were withdrawing from the city of Bakhmut, the site of the bloodiest battle of the war so far - but he added they were "regrouping to another three locations" and "it doesn't mean that they will stop fighting with us".

Mr Danilov also said he was "absolutely calm" about Russia beginning to deploy nuclear weapons to Belarus, saying: "To us, it's not some kind of news."

Ukraine has been planning a counter-offensive for months. But it has wanted as much time as possible to train troops and to receive military equipment from Western allies.

In the meantime, Russian forces have been preparing their defences.

Much is at stake because the government in Kyiv needs to show the people of Ukraine - and Western allies - that it can break through Russian lines, end the effective military deadlock and recapture some of its sovereign territory.

Mr Danilov said the armed forces would begin the assault when commanders calculated "we can have the best result at that point of the war".

Asked if Ukrainian armed forces were ready for the offensive, he replied: "We are always ready. The same as we were ready to defend our country at any time. And it is not a question of time.

"We have to understand that that historic opportunity that is given to us - by God - to our country we cannot lose, so we can truly become an independent, big European country."

He added: "It could happen tomorrow, the day after tomorrow or in a week.

"It would be weird if I were to name dates of the start of that or those events. That cannot be done…. We have a very responsible task before our country. And we understand that we have no right to make a mistake."

Ukrainian troops have spent months training on Western equipment ahead of the expected attack

Mr Danilov dismissed suggestions the counter-offensive had already begun, saying that "demolishing Russian control centres and Russian military equipment" had been the task of Ukrainian armed forces since 24 February last year - the date Russia launched the invasion.

"We have no days off during this war," he said.

He defended the decision by Ukraine's army to fight in Bakhmut for so many months, a battle that has cost the lives of many of its soldiers.

"Bakhmut is our land, our territory, and we must defend it," he said. "If we start leaving every settlement, that could get us to our western border as Putin wanted from the first days of the war."

He said that "we control only a small part of the city, and we admit to that. But you have to keep in mind that Bakhmut has played a big role in this war."

Asked if Wagner mercenaries were leaving, he replied: "Yes, that is happening. But it doesn't mean that they will stop fighting with us. They are going to concentrate more on other fronts… they are regrouping to other three locations."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Visitors to Rwanda are often blown away to find a country where things seem to work efficiently. It is neat and tidy with lush green views - and the wi-fi is good in the capital, Kigali.

Everyone tends to pay their taxes; services are reliable; the roads are safe - the government calls it "one of the world's safest nations".

Take the pandemic for example. Rwanda did not hesitate to take coronavirus by the horns: lockdowns were implemented quickly and enforced strictly. Today more than 60% of the population is vaccinated - something the British Medical Journal calls a feat "in a continent that is a Covid-19 vaccine desert".

But underlying this compliance and Kigali's landscaped flower beds is a collective fear.

Walk into a bar and try to start up a controversial debate, and you will be shut down - and there is every likelihood your behaviour will be reported to the authorities.

Spying on neighbours is common in Rwanda - even in bars

Those deemed a real threat will be dealt with harshly.

"It does look like the Switzerland of Africa but it is an extremely repressive and frightening country," Michela Wrong, author of a recent book on Rwanda called Do Not Disturb, told the BBC.

On the last Saturday of every month, everyone gets together in their neighbourhoods to do a collective clean-up - roads are swept, rubbish collected. It is called Umuganda, which in Kinyarwanda means "Community Work".

One Rwandan, who asked not to be named, explains there is no law that forces people to attend the Umuganda - but there is a fear you will gain a reputation, that someone will report you, that your name will be logged as a troublemaker.

Any camp that asylum seekers are sent to under the new UK deal is likely to be a well-organised affair - not the refugee camps you sometimes see with tents or plastic sheeting tacked on to thorns.

The country, which has a population of 13 million, has already taken in more than 900 African asylum seekers from Libya since 2019 - under a deal with the UN refugee agency (UNHCR) and the African Union (AU).

The UN-run Gashora site has permanent structures - and many of those who have come from Libya have moved on

They have been housed at Gashora, about 60km (40 miles) from Kigali. The UNHCR says it is not a refugee camp, but an Emergency Transit Mechanism - and more than half of them have already been relocated to Sweden, Canada, Norway, France and Belgium.

The UN site, which has permanent structures, aims to teach those who suffered appalling conditions in Libyan camps, the skills to help them in their new life. The camp has a driving school and offers language classes, amongst other things.

But when Denmark announced last year that it was planning a similar deal to the one the UK has just launched, the AU hit out.

"Such attempts to stem out migration from Africa to Europe is xenophobic and completely unacceptable," it said last August.

Africa already shouldered 85% of the world's refugees "often in protracted situations, whereas only 15% are hosted by developed countries", it said.

"It's all about sending a deterrent to asylum seekers… anyone who is trying to flee repression in Africa is going to be horrified at being sent to Rwanda," she said.

Unlike the UNHCR project, details being released of the UK scheme suggest asylum seekers would be in Rwanda for longer - "so that they can resettle and thrive", as the home secretary put it.

It is not clear how many people Rwanda is expecting to accept, given it is one of the most densely populated countries in Africa but UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson said it would take "tens of thousands in the years ahead".

Out of Kigali, Wrong says it is a "poor agrarian society where every inch of fertile land is being cultivated and which doesn't really have room to take refugees".

No-one expects much opposition at home to the move - as critics of 64-year-old Paul Kagame, who led the rebel forces which ended the 1994 genocide and has been president since 2000, tend to regret it.

Last month, Human Rights Watch issued a report about the prosecution over the last year of at least eight YouTubers considered to be critical of the government. One, who filmed and criticised soldiers forcefully expelling residents during a slum clearance, has been sentenced to seven years in jail.

Critics who flee the country have been pursued and assassinated by Rwandan agents in exile - or in the case of Paul Rusesabagina, the hotel manager who saved the lives of more than 1,000 people during the genocide and on whom the Hollywood film Hotel Rwanda was based, put on trial.

Paul Rusesabagina, who was played by Don Cheadle in the Hollywood movie Hotel Rwanda, is serving a 25-year sentence

After the genocide - in which 800,000 people were killed - Rusesabagina became a Belgian citizen and used his fame to speak out against what he said was President Kagame's repressive rule.

But in 2020, his family says he was abducted while passing through Dubai and taken to Rwanda and has been convicted to 25 years in jail for backing a rebel group.

His daughter, Carine Kanimba, told the BBC it showed Rwanda had zero respect for human rights: "Rwanda is a dictatorship, there is no freedom of speech, there is no democracy. In the last election the president won the elections by 99%, which tells you this is not a democracy.

"I don't understand why the British government would decide to send vulnerable people to a country that is known to oppress its own people."

The reason perhaps lies at the door of Mr Kagame, who stands more than 6ft, is a charismatic, Arsenal football club-loving, driven man. Many Western leaders - those who may feel the guilt of not doing more to stop the genocide that defines Rwanda for many outsiders - are enamoured by him.

President Kagame was at the official opening of the Kicukiro Oval in 2017

"He's very good at identifying the issues that keep Western leaders awake at night and presenting them with a solution which seems to be effective and cut-price," says Wrong, pointing to how Rwandan troops were sent to Mozambique last year to deal with a jihadist insurgency.

Last year, Mr Kagame said he was offering refugee centres on "humanitarian grounds". One of Rwanda's few opposition parties has said it is all about money.

Western nations are impressed by Rwanda's rapid economic development since the genocide and by the fact corruption appears not to be an issue - though donors do issue human rights warnings.

The UK Conservative party's love affair with Rwanda started in 2007, while in opposition, with something called Project Umubano, founded by Andrew Mitchell.

The former development minister organised for MPs to fly out each August to work on development projects - and coach cricket.

A cricket charity linked to the project began raising funds and a few years ago the state-of-the-art Gahanga Cricket Stadium, also known as the Kicukiro Oval, was opened just outside Kigali.

Some see the asylum-seeker deal as part of a sophisticated strategy to improve Rwanda's image, as the country gears up to host the Commonwealth summit this June.

But Rwanda's government spokesperson dismissed its critics, saying no-one was persecuted in Rwanda for having an opinion

"We know the kind of situations that people from countries like that have been through and this is a place where they will be safe, they will be protected and can live dignified lives and have an opportunity to develop their talents," Yolande Makolo told the BBC.

You may also be interested in:

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: US releases footage from its drone of the encounter with a Russian jet

The US military has released footage of a Russian jet crashing into one of its drones over the Black Sea.

The US said the damage to the large drone meant it had to be brought down into the water near Crimea on Tuesday.

Russia denied its Su-27 fighter jet clipped the propeller of the drone, but the video appears to back up the American version of events.

It was in the Pentagon's interest to release this video - not least to verify its version of events.

The BBC has not seen the events before or after the collision. The US initially said the confrontation lasted around 30-40 minutes, but the released footage lasts for less than a minute.

On Wednesday night, US Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin said: "We remain confident in the facts we've conveyed so far."

He said then the Pentagon was looking at what video could be released. It is not unusual for militaries to take some time to declassify video footage before making it public.

Mr Austin previously described Russia's actions as dangerous and reckless - and the edited video released appears to back that up.

A feed from a camera fitted under the fuselage of the surveillance drone shows a Russian Su-27 making two extremely close passes while releasing what appears to be fuel as it approaches.

In the first pass it seems to mire the lens of the camera. The second pass is even closer - disrupting the video feed from the remotely piloted aircraft.

When the picture returns, a blade of the drone's propeller at the back of the aircraft can be seen bent out of shape.

National Security Council spokesman John Kirby told the BBC's US broadcast partner CBS that it was not clear whether the Russian action was deliberate or accidental.

But he said this did not matter because the moves were "completely inappropriate, unsafe and unprofessional".

Surveillance flights would continue over the Black Sea, he said, but there was no need for military escorts, which he said were unnecessary and would put pilots at risk.

Russia has claimed the drone was approaching its territory, but all we can see from the video is sea, sky and cloud.

Moscow appeared to suggest on Tuesday that it had imposed a unilateral no-fly zone over the region as part of its invasion of Ukraine.

Russian Ambassador to the US Anatoly Antonov said the drone had "violated boundaries of the temporary airspace regime established for the special military operation".

But Mr Kirby said the airspace was international and not restricted.

In a statement released hours after the crash, the US said Russian jets dumped fuel on the drone several times before the collision.

Pentagon spokesman Brig Gen Pat Ryder told reporters the drone was "unflyable and uncontrollable", adding the collision also likely damaged the Russian aircraft.

Russia's defence ministry said the drone crashed after a "sharp manoeuvre", and that it was flying with its transponders (communication devices) turned off.

The Kremlin has not yet responded to the release of the US video. On Wednesday Russia's security council secretary Nikolai Patrushev said attempts were being made to find and retrieve the remnants of the drone.

On Thursday, Russian ships were seen at the site of the downed drone on the Black Sea, US media reported.

Mr Kirby said the US was also searching for the aircraft, but stressed that if Russia beat them to it, "their ability to exploit useful intelligence will be highly minimised".

That message was reiterated by General Mark Milley, America's top military general, who said the US has taken "mitigating measures" to ensure there was nothing of value on the downed drone.

Masha's school contacted the police after the 12-year-old drew this picture

A Russian single father whose daughter was reported for drawing an anti-war picture has been given a two-year jail term for discrediting the army.

But Alexei Moskalev, 53, was not in court in Yefremov for the verdict. The court press secretary said he had escaped house arrest.

"I don't know where he is," his lawyer Vladimir Biliyenko told the BBC.

His daughter Masha, 13, was sent to a children's home in early March when the criminal case began.

Moskalev was accused of repeatedly criticising the Russian army on social media and had appeared in court the day before.

He is only the latest Russian to be given a jail term for discrediting the military, but his case 320km (200 miles) south of Moscow has attracted international attention because of the authorities' decision to remove his daughter from their home early in March.

"I'm in shock," Yefremov town councillor Olga Podolskaya said. "A prison sentence for expressing your opinion is a terrible thing. A two-year jail term is a nightmare."

"When I heard that Alexei had gone on the run, that was the second shock. We hope that Alexei is OK and that nothing has happened to him."

The family's problems began last April, she told the BBC, when Masha Moskaleva's school told the police that the girl had drawn a Ukrainian flag with the words "Glory to Ukraine", rockets and a Russian flag bearing the phrase "No to war!"

Alexei Moskalev had contacted Ms Podolskaya last year to tell her about the pressure he and his daughter were coming under. Masha's mother does not live in the area and is estranged from the family.

Moskalev was initially fined for a comment about the war made on a social media network last year. But after his flat was searched in December he was charged under the criminal code because he had already been convicted of a similar offence.

He has been recognised as a political prisoner by human rights group Memorial, which has itself been banned by Russia's authorities.

Moskalev was not allowed to communicate with the BBC during a visit to his building earlier this month. However, his lawyer said Moskalev was very worried that his daughter was not with him.

Alexei Moskalev was being held under house arrest ahead of the verdict in Yefremov

Social services in Yefremov have officially been tasked with looking after the girl. The local Juvenile Affairs Commission had already taken legal action to restrict her father's parental rights. Last week he wasn't allowed to leave his house arrest to attend a preliminary hearing.

Ahead of the verdict on Tuesday Vladimir Biliyenko visited the children's home where Masha has spent most of the month.

The director told him that the girl had gone to a children's cooking festival and passed on two drawings she said Masha had done for her father, as well as a letter she had written him. Mr Biliyenko told Sotavision that Masha had written the words: "Papa you're my hero."

He later spread the drawings on a table in court.

Although Moskalev had turned up the day before, court press secretary Olga Dyachuk said he had escaped house arrest overnight and should have been taken into custody after the verdict.

"To say I'm surprised would be an understatement," Mr Biliyenko told the BBC. "I've never seen anything like it. No client of mine has ever gone missing like this. I don't know when he fled, or if he has."

Mark Lang was described as "a good man with a lot of love to give"

A delivery driver who was critically injured after being hit and dragged under his van has died, police have confirmed.

Mark Lang, 54, was taken to the University Hospital of Wales following the incident in Cardiff on 28 March.

A 31-year-old man later appeared in court charged with attempted murder.

Mr Lang's partner said it was "difficult to put into words quite how any of us are feeling".

She described him as "a good man with a lot of love to give".

"Our thanks go out to all the emergency services who did their best to bring him back to us, the people on the scene who rallied around him and called for help, and all the staff at the Heath [hospital] who made sure his final days were comfortable and who worked tirelessly to help him and the family," her statement continued.

The incident happened on North Road, one of the main routes into Cardiff city centre.

Police at the scene on North Road, Cardiff, where Mr Lang was injured

Christopher Elgifari, 31, attended a hearing at Cardiff Crown Court on 3 April charged with attempted murder.

Cardiff Magistrates' Court was previously told Mr Lang had been dragged under the van as he attempted to stop the vehicle while making deliveries as an Evri driver in Laytonia Avenue.

Mr Lang suffered brain injuries and multiple lacerations in the incident, the court heard.

His partner said it had been "comforting to see so much love and support from so many people who knew Mark. Friends, colleagues, old teammates as well as customers and their dogs".

"We've been inundated with nice words and if we noticed it we spoke to him about it," she added.

"Assume he was aware of your kind words and very happy to hear them.

"He passed in the early hours of the morning surrounded by family. Peacefully. Comfortably. Loved. He will be sorely missed."

South Wales Police said its "deepest sympathies remain with Mark's family and friends at this very sad time".

Kim Jong Un, seen here in 2017, is known to be a heavy smoker

British American Tobacco is to pay $635m (£512m) plus interest to US authorities after a subsidiary admitted selling cigarettes to North Korea in violation of sanctions.

The US authorities said the settlement related to BAT activity in North Korea between 2007 and 2017.

BAT's head Jack Bowles said "we deeply regret the misconduct".

The US has imposed severe sanctions on North Korea over its nuclear and ballistic missile activities.

Tuesday's settlement was between BAT and America's Department of Justice (DOJ) and the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control.

BAT is one of the world's largest tobacco multinationals and one of the UK's 10 biggest companies. It owns major cigarette brands including Lucky Strike, Dunhill and Pall Mall.

In a statement, BAT said it had entered into a "deferred prosecution agreement with DOJ and a civil settlement agreement with OFAC, and an indirect BAT subsidiary in Singapore has entered into a plea agreement with DOJ".

The DOJ said BAT had also conspired to defraud financial institutions in order to get them to process transactions on behalf of North Korean entities.

North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is known to be a heavy smoker. Last year the US attempted to get the UN Security Council to ban tobacco exports to North Korea, but this was vetoed by Russia and China.

At a briefing on Tuesday, the DOJ's assistant Attorney General Matthew Olsen said the settlement was the "culmination of a long-running investigation", describing it as "the single largest North Korean sanctions penalty in the history of the Department of Justice".

He said that BAT was engaged in an "elaborate scheme to circumvent US sanctions and sell tobacco products to North Korea" via subsidiaries.

"Between 2007 and 2017 these third-party companies sold tobacco products to North Korea and received approximately $428m."

Criminal charges were also revealed against North Korean banker Sim Hyon-Sop, 39, and Chinese facilitators Qin Guoming, 60, and Han Linlin, 41, for facilitating sales of tobacco to North Korea.

A $5m (£4.4m) bounty was put for any information leading to the arrest or conviction of Mr Sim, and $500,000 (£402,905) rewards for each of the other two suspects.

They were accused of buying leaf tobacco for North Korean state-owned cigarette makers and falsifying documents to trick US banks into processing transactions worth $74m. North Korean manufacturers including one owned by the military made about $700m thanks to these deals.

Pyongyang has for years faced multiple rounds of tough sanctions in response to its ballistic missile launches and nuclear tests.

However that has not deterred Mr Kim from continuing to develop the country's weapons programme.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

HMS Glasgow was floated on the Clyde for the first time in December

An inquiry has been launched into "intentional damage" of a Royal Navy warship at a Scottish shipyard.

Defence contractor BAE Systems said repairs were being assessed after about 60 cables were cut on HMS Glasgow.

The Type 26 frigate is currently being fitted out at BAE's yard at Scotstoun on the River Clyde in Glasgow.

It is the first of eight Type 26 vessels being built. A BAE spokesperson said work had been temporarily paused for an investigation.

The military news website UK Defence Journal, which reported the incident, suggested that it may have been sabotage by a contractor in a payment dispute.

But BAE Systems did not confirm any motive for the damage.

A spokesperson said: "We uncovered a limited number of cables on HMS Glasgow earlier in the week, which appear to have been damaged intentionally.

"We immediately launched an internal investigation, alongside our suppliers, and temporarily paused work on the ship to inspect every area of the vessel and ensure our high standards and quality controls are met."

The firm said work had now resumed and an assessment was in progress "to scope the repairs needed".

A total of eight Type 26 frigates are to be built in Glasgow by BAE Systems

It is understood that about 23,000 cables will be installed on the frigate - including data cables for communication and electrical cables to power the ship's systems.

The incident comes after HMS Glasgow made its first trip in December.

The frigate was moved down the River Clyde on a specialist barge and lowered into Loch Long.

It was then towed back to the yard at Scotstoun for fitting out.

The next two Type 26 ships, HMS Cardiff and the HMS Belfast, are already under construction by BAE Systems on the Clyde.

In November, Prime Minister Rishi Sunak announced BAE Systems has been awarded a £4.2bn contract to build five more Type 26 frigates, on top of the three already under construction.

In total, Scottish shipyards have orders to build 13 Royal Navy frigates.

Eight Type 26s are being constructed by BAE Systems on the Clyde, while five Type 31 vessels are being built by Babcock at Rosyth in Fife.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Everton Smith says daughter Eve was “everything a father could wish for”

The heartbroken father of one of the victims of a crash in Cardiff which killed three has said his life has changed forever after her death.

Eve Smith, 21, along with Rafel Jeanne, 24, and Darcy Ross, 21, died after a crash near the A48 at St Mellons in the early hours of Saturday.

A sixth person who had been with the five who were in the crash had been dropped home earlier.

The group were not found until the early hours of Monday morning, almost two days after they were last seen.

Everton Smith, pictured with his daughter Eve, has been left devastated by her death

Everton Smith spoke outside a martial arts school he runs in Newport's Commercial Street where dozens of floral tributes had been laid.

In the window was a display of photos of his daughter as well as a poem and a sign which said the business was closed until further notice.

Mr Smith said his daughter was "everything a father could wish for".

"It's going to change my life, I don't know how much it will," Mr Smith said.

"Nothing will be the same. I just need her here to get me through this. This is an impossible situation."

Ms Smith's sister Xana Doyle, 19, was also killed in a crash in Newport in 2015.

"This is like nothing anyone could expect to go through, it's like deja vu," Mr Smith said.

Mr Smith called his Eve beautiful and "so intelligent".

His son Zaine, on the right, said he and his sister were "the closest"

"I'm not surprised people have come and brought flowers," Mr Smith said.

"Anyone who met my daughter only had to meet her once to know there was something special about her."

He said the tribute at his business was not just for Eve.

"It's for Eve, it's for Darcy, it's for Sophie, it's for all of them," he said.

His son Zaine, 22, said he and his sister were "the closest".

Mr Smith read from the poem in the window.

"Even though I miss you, you're not too far away," he said.

"Because my heart is full of memories, and I treasure them every day."

Family solicitor, Andrew Collingbourne, said he was hoping to meet the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) on Monday.

He said: "I am satisfied there will be a fair and objective investigation into what has gone on."

The IOPC said on Tuesday it was investigating the actions of South Wales Police and Gwent Police.

Eve Smith, 21, Rafel Jeanne, 24, and Darcy Ross, 21, died in the collision

The women, from Newport, had gone to The Muffler club in the city's Maesglas area late on Friday.

They then travelled 36 miles (58km) to Trecco Bay Caravan Park, in Porthcawl, Bridgend county, with the two men, both from Cardiff.

Police are aware of a noise complaint made to the park's security lodge about the group, according to the PA news agency.

A caravan at the holiday park has been cordoned off.

The sixth person with the group, who was dropped off before the group was last seen at 02:00 GMT on Saturday in Cardiff, is said to be cooperating fully with police.

"Specialist officers are carrying out a detailed investigation to piece together what has happened," South Wales Police said.

Sophie Russon, 20, and Shane Loughlin, 32, are seriously injured in hospital

Investigations are ongoing to establish the exact time of the crash.

A spokesperson for Trecco Bay Holiday Park said: "We are assisting police with their enquiries and we will not be commenting further."

South Wales Police said: "Our thoughts continue to be with the families and all those affected by this tragic incident.

"Specialist officers are carrying out a detailed investigation to piece together what has happened.

"Family liaison officers are supporting the families involved at what must be a hugely difficult time for them."

Governor Muzammil arrived in his office moments before the explosion, one survivor said

The Taliban governor of Afghanistan's northern Balkh province has been killed in a suicide attack claimed by the Islamic State (IS) group.

Mohammad Dawood Muzammil was killed in his office in the provincial capital, Mazar-e Sharif, on Thursday.

He is the most senior Taliban official to be killed since the militants returned to power in 2021.

Violence has since decreased sharply, but pro-Taliban figures have been targeted by IS.

Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid said on Twitter that the governor had been "martyred in an explosion by the enemies of Islam".

Muzammil had led the fight against IS in his previous posting as governor of the eastern province of Nangarhar. He was moved to Balkh last October.

Balkh police spokesperson Mohammed Asif Waziri said the explosion occurred on Thursday morning on the second floor of the governor's office.

"There was a bang. I fell on the ground," Khairuddin, who was wounded in the blast, told AFP news agency. He said he had seen a friend lose a hand in the explosion.

A man who was wounded in the attack at the governor's office is admitted to hospital

Later on Thursday, IS said one of its soldiers had managed to enter the building and detonate his suicide belt. Some security guards were also killed in the blast, the statement added.

A day earlier provincial Taliban authorities said they had killed eight "rebels and kidnappers" in Mazar-e Sharif.

The Taliban were ousted as Afghanistan's rulers in 2001 - the militant Islamist group swept back to power in August 2021 after US-led forces pulled out.

A string of deadly bomb blasts since then has mainly targeted mosques and minority communities, many claimed by the regional affiliate of the militant Islamic State (IS-K) group, who are bitter rivals of the Taliban.